t3_1lgocs-t3_1lgocs-cbzj49b	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first of all... **congrats!!!!!!** it's your first birthday and no matter what the fact that you beat it is the best thing! :)  don't worry about comparing your experience with others... everyone has a different road they go down while battling!  my first bought with cancer i was fortunate that my parents caught a change in my bowel habits (i was 12 and oblivious to anything) by 14 i had massive polyposis of my colon... it was a time bomb of bad things... i had 2 surgeries and was cured of colon cancer... no chemo... no radiation... but surgery. (which i honestly don't remember much about that whole thing... maybe it's because my life has been insane ever since... or i just don't dwell on it all... it could be chemo brain too...) annnnyway.... celebrate that you made it! :) life is the best gift and give thanks to those who helped in your recovery :)   i say have cake! :) celebrate that you've survived and kicked ass! :)  (i seriously don't understand how anyone could downvote this! boo on them :p )
t3_2uc0bm-t1_co7dpph-co8plxm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sounds like me. i've been diagnosed with ocd, anxiety and depression and although i joke about being a hypochondriac when i go to the doctor with a crazy theory or request for a useless test, they haven't really discussed whether it might actually be true.  like you, i get constipated and bleed a lot and went for a colonoscopy because i thought i had colon cancer. i now use reslor to increase bowel movement and lactulose and movicol to soften things up. i think my main problem in that department is anxiety though.  i also have permanent heart palpitations and a heart rate of over 100 bpm most of the time despite being on medication for ocd, anxiety and depression. i went for 3 ecgs or ekgs and they were all fine apart from the heart rate but i'm still convinced there's something wrong with my heart. i have an app on my phone and use that and a blood pressure monitor to check my heart rate several times per day.  i get sharp pains in my lower abdomen so even though i'm a virgin in my late 20s i was convinced it was cancer or polycystic ovaries. got an ultrasound a few years ago but obviously i still think there's something there. with a bit of rationality it can be attributed to the constipation though.  i don't have the money for an mri of my head but i'm convinced i have a brain tumour.  i pretty much always have a sore throat so i'm convinced i'm going to get throat cancer even though i don't smoke.  i had a breast lump removed even though the biopsy said it was fine because i don't trust the health system at all. i   i think the reason behind it is because as a teenager i had hashimoto's. my immune system had been destroying my thyroid which had me very tired and run down. my mother thought i had anemia or something so i went to the doctor and got a blood test done. i didn't really know what tests to have done so the doctor didn't check my thyroid and so for years i believed that the way i felt was just normal for me and since the doctor didn't find anything wrong with me.  i haven't felt right since i sorted out my thyroid so now every time i go for blood tests i ask for different tests to be done like checking for other auto-immune disorders, checking for liver function etc.  my antibodies are usually always slightly lower than the normal range which i think is harmless enough but i keep trying to figure out what it could be.  i'm a bit of a mess these days, barely able to function and it gets very confusing. the funny thing about my health-related anxiety is that i wish i was dead and have done so since my teens. if it wasn't for the guilt for what i'd be doing to the people i'd leave behind then i'd just kill myself but yet when i think i have a terminal illness i panic and run to the doctor.
t3_14mvdt-t3_14mvdt-c7el5pt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it wasn't colon cancer, it was a hernia.  edit backstory: so i went to the bathroom and after i was done i noticed there was a considerable amount of blood in my stool. i had remembered from a previous internet session that one of the symptoms of colon cancer was blood in your stool. so i drove to the doctor and he found that it was just a hernia. it was probably just overreacting but i was still considerably frightened at the thought that i could, possibly, have cancer.  edit 2: i had a major brain fart and wrote hernia all those times when i meant hemorrhoids. it wasn't a hernia, it was hemorrhoids.
t3_3r4835-t1_cwkt673-cwkzmi7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7905	sorry to hear that man. my grandfather had colon cancer and died from it which was rough but your mother sounds strong and i hope she makes it out. brain cancer can be tough but it can still be beat, stay strong man, for ya moms sake
t3_4rsii3-t3_4rsii3-d54zq4p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad died from stage 4 colon cancer. it is terrible. he was 65 at his time of death, they found it when he was 62. i still think it is too young for someone to die, but who am i to say that? we had in-home nurses every two or three days to check on him. my mother and i administered his nutrition through his picc lines, along with antibiotics and any other meds he needed. in his last year he would seem to get better for a few days - walking around and fiddling in his shop, and then he'd be back bed-ridden for a few weeks. in the last 3 weeks of his life, his cancer had spread to his entire body, brain included, aiding in him gaining dementia. it wasn't the "i see angels" type ordeal - i believed he could see those...it was him forgetting my name, thinking i was my sister, thinking his ex-wife was still alive (died in 2004), things of that nature. he then sort of went comatose. he was unresponsive for 4 days, fever on and off (we'd administer medication through his picc to bring it down), and one night he woke up for a few hours while i was gone, told my mama how much he loved her, kissed her, and uttered "i love you" over and over again until he went back to sleep. over the next 3 hours, my sister-in-law (a nurse) stayed by my mom's side checking his heart-rate every 10 minutes. at 5:13 am, he took 4 breaths with a heart rate so low they couldn't count them. 5:14 am, 3 breaths and they could no longer hear his heart. 5:15 am, 2 breaths. 5:16, he took his final breath. you may think i'm lying to you, but in all of the truth i can muster, the clock on the wall beside him froze up at 5:16 and hasn't worked since, even with new batteries.   i'm so sorry for you dealing with this. cancer does truly suck more than anything. i was only able to stay strong because of my mother. he was the only person she ever loved. he saved her from a terrible step-father and an "enabling to the step-father" mother. he was 30, she was 16 (in the 70's). they never left each other's side until his dying day &lt;3
t3_1v4k0w-t3_1v4k0w-ceoyrr8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is not really messed up but it certainly hurt and angered me.    my paternal grandparents lived with us, and i grew up with them through much of my formative years. anyone could see that i loved my grandfather and grandmother dearly. they were not only my family and my elders but also my friends. but my grandfather fell ill in 2010/2011. we discovered that he was battling a malignant brain tumor and that was the cause of his rapid decline in health. he passed away soon after christmas. it fucked up my next few months as i struggled with the first major death in my family (that i could truly relate to).   and i can't remember exactly when but a few years after he passed away, my parents told me that they knew he was battling colon cancer as well (years before the brain tumor was found). i know that i was a kid and they didn't want to burden me but i can't help but think to myself that if i knew this, i could have kind of steeled myself a bit more.    and it's just as painful now.
t3_45x1sc-t1_d00xidv-d00yvr9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the response. i was hoping not to come off quite so cynical, and a bit more inspirational, but hey... part of this was venting my feelings and emotions on this issue, which is really something i've only recently started to do.   i'm glad people can relate to this. i think this should be talked about a lot more, with those of us in this spot, as well as those who are just beginning their journey.  and i've been believing that i had signs of colon cancer for the past few days. it's been a good ride, haha. i've learned to let those pains and discomforts sit for a week or two because 99 times out of 100 they go away and never amount to anything. i've also recently been getting more comfortable going to the dr if my anxiety over something my body is doing gets too bad. i tell him upfront i know i'm probably just crazy, but i'm not going to be shamed out of a doctor visit in fear of being branded as such. he agrees and is more than willing to accommodate. i swear i'm convinced of a brain tumor growing in my head about once a month though.
t3_170g8b-t1_c814iu2-c816zxu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	i lost my dad this way.. he just had twelve hour surgery the day before to remove a stage four colon cancer tumor. he crashed in the morning, and was brought back, but he had lost enough oxygen to the brain that he was just in essentially a coma until we decided to take him off life support.  he held on for a week, then died in a hospice, surrounded by the people he loved.  i was fourteen.
t3_34ipvk-t3_34ipvk-cqvd9nk	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6725	both my mom and dad had cancer.  dad: started with urinating blood. my mom and i don't know for how long. apparently he wasn't worried about it because he had (not serious) issues with his kidneys that would cause this to happen sometimes. my mom walked in on him urinating blood and forced him to the doctor. turns out it was very very aggressive cancer that jumped from his bladder to his brain and killed him. very rare. only happened in 2 other cases in the world. diagnosed at 49, died at 53.  mom: she started having difficulty pooping. thought she was just constipated but it didn't get better for a long time so i convinced her to get a colonoscopy (this was 2 months after dad died). nothing showed up. so she got a scan. turns out my mom had ovarian cancer...but heres the kicker....she had a full hysterectomy when i was a child. she either had a 3rd ovary or another ovary grew somehow and attached itself to the rectal wall. it was a very aggressive cancer but it was caught early and it was able to be treated. the doctors said she was lucky to have any signs at all because ovarian cancer usually gives no signs, which is why it is so deadly. she is currently in remission. diagnosed at 53, in remission at 57.
t3_25mgqw-t3_25mgqw-chjiybv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8331	this is how my dad found colon cancer now i'm constantly terrified of finding cancer myself. my dad waited on his until his insides were practically falling out and went in they said he was way way to far gone and there was no hope. he tried going through chemo and other meds but he just got sicker until he couldn't eat, lost a bunch of weight. he gave up got off all his meds felt a little better and was able to eat again but died shortly after that and still wasnt well. it spread to his brain and he was trapped in his head in a way for a short time before passing. had he gone in sooner he could have had the cancer removed before it had a chance to spread. i hope she is ok.
t3_2uniwz-t1_coab1xo-coagslk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	is leg/thigh cancer even all that common? i hear about skin cancer, which i guess can develop anywhere where the sun hits frequently.   usually, when i hear about cancer. it is closer to an organ of some sort. like colon cancer, lung cancer, brain tumors.   but wait, didn't bob marley first develop cancer in his toe? and because he didn't take the doctor's advice of amputating the toe it spread throughout his body.  yep, here it is:  &gt;in may 1981 the music world lost a legend when reggae artist bob marley died after a four-year battle with a melanoma skin cancer that started on his toe.  http://scienceblog.cancerresearchuk.org/2014/08/20/bob-marley-genomics-and-a-rare-form-of-melanoma/
t3_4c9ie5-t1_d1g64wu-d1h07p8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7384	i've had skin cancer (it was a scab on a mole, i hurt myself there while checking if it was skin cancer) which i though that had metastasized to my pancreas (yellow-ish stool? no. it was a lighter brown) that i though was pressing on my stomach.   did a checkup: an ultrasound and endoscopy later revealed that i had a common stomach infection (2 weeks on antibiotics), fat liver (also common), hiatus hernia that caused reflux (common).   now i'm debating if i have colon cancer (all i have is rashes after taking shits), and sometimes it appears to be red-ish stool (please... maybe it is my brain thinking it is blood).  this gives me anxiety sometimes. i stopped looking into the symptoms because it'll only make me more alert than usual for nothing. unfortunately digestive tract cancer symptoms can also be regular aging symptoms or bad diet. there is no tell-tale symptom. unless you're pooping pitch black, or pure red. check that shit up (literally).
t3_28nbjv-t1_cid3j3y-cidc5p2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6063	not a dumb question at all! it depends, but i've been told it is by many doctors. my husband's mother just recovered from colon cancer, (capitalized because that shit is scary), and her doctor told her that all her children should be checked.  my father is checked once a year, because both his father and grandfather have had skin cancer, and his uncle had brain cancer. i haven't had a chance, but i know i should start getting checked soon. on my mother's side, its more of the female reproductive system that suffers, so i have it coming from both sides.  however, cancer is unpredictable, and can happen just as randomly as anything else.  lesson here: if you see a weird mole, have blood in your stool or urine, you haven't gone number two in days, you're female and your periods are hell on earth or non-existent, or you have severe migraines and double vision, get checked. don't be afraid, don't put it off, and please don't get embarrassed. doctors poke lots of people up the butt.
t3_1sesd6-t1_cdx9664-cdy43jb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just flat out told them, "she's going to flip her car on the way home from her girlfriends. not now but give it a couple weeks. whatever you do [to my sister] drive like an old lady." she usually has a lead foot, from then on, she dropped her speed. good thing, too. she would have died.  other instances are similar. but not as tragic. when i was in my teens, my arm started hurting whenever i was around a certain friend. i told my sisters about it but they didn't believe me until my friend broke her arm. i think i was 13 at the time. usually a family or friend's death doesn't surprise me. i already feel the sorrow weeks ahead. most recent death, my father in law was diagnosed with colon cancer in late 2005. he told us he had 3-6 months, reality was that he was told 1-4. i knew he was lying but kept that to myself. i also knew that he would be alive to see his grandsons born (one mine, born late 2006), and he would be a happy man when the time came. i helped take care of him. picked him up from his chemo sessions, sometimes took him to doctors appointments. he did go in remission but it all came back with an angry vengeance. i saw it grow by the look of his face. the way he acted. it wasn't normal. i remember the day i picked him up after that check up. it was cold, freezing rain. the look of deviation and the attempt to make jokes. it was a scary, sad, humbling day. i miss him greatly. he lived until 2010, 4 days before my birthday.  the only time i haven't predicted a tragic event was when my brother in law was in a devastating car accident in june of 2005. he had a major brain injury. i don't know how i missed that one. what a good/bad year that was.... oh sister in law got married, i got engaged... that was the good.  because of this random "gift" i'm usually the one to seek when a death strikes. when i get an uneasy feeling, i usually talk to my mom or sisters about it. it's like an empty feeling that can never be filled until fate happens. sometimes i can ignore it if it's nothing life threatening, other times i just cry it out. doesn't go away. the empty feeling happens when my mom gets bad news. like grandpa having a heart attack. i called her as soon as the feeling set in. i know when she's keeping something from us. it's weird. she doesn't like it when i prod at her to spill the beans.   so ya. those are the things i clearly remember.   edit: wow this is long... tl/dr: i get bad feelings when bad things are going to happen about 2 weeks prior, i have soon-to-be-real dreams up to 2 years in advance, usually good things.
t3_45jf8t-t3_45jf8t-czyjosk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6764	my mother had stage 4 rectal cancer.  she was doing chemo and radiation at the same time for it, unfortunately those weren't helping her.  she asked her oncologist for a change and went to only chemo and a different cocktail and she was good, a lot of complications but shes five years free from rectal cancer.  a year after having the tumor removed the cancer metastasized to her brain, she had cyber knife surgery done and she's been free from brain cancer for 3 years.   there is hope, be diligent but also respect her wishes.    i don't have experience with cancer in the liver and i hear that having any part removed is very painful but the liver regenerates which is a plus.    as i said though, you have to be tough and soft.  my mother was going to give up when the first round of treatments weren't working, she said she felt as though she could feel herself dying inside, i pushed for her to try again and she's still here.   i hope that your mom pulls through too.
t3_2pdls3-t3_2pdls3-cmw18zn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a hypochondriac. i have been dying of at least fifty different kinds of cancers for most of my life.  at age thirteen, i had a bout with haemorrhoids. i was stalwartly convinced i had colon cancer and would die, that was until i didn't months later. this would probably be the first major health-related panic attack i had.  the same time, i entered puberty and had a few changes you'd expect. i noticed my penile shaft for the first time; i thought i was suffering from peyronie's disease, or a hernia pushing the urethera out. later i suspected i had penile cancer, and that i was to die shortly once again. my fears were later vaporised when i watched porn for the first time and noticed identical features on the male model.  at age fifteen, the abraham cherrix story was on tv, and they mentioned lymphoma. i felt the side of my neck; big mistake. there was a lump there. for three years until my next physical, i was convinced i had lymphoma. i googled lymphoma cures. i told everyone at school i had lymphoma and was going to die, which led to severe bullying. my fears this time were assuaged after the doctor told me the lump in question was simply "shotty" and was not a tumour after all.  in 2007, i had slightly abnormal blood test results. *oh fuck*, it was finally happening. i had cancer for sure. now i had numeric proof; abnormal blood test results. for almost a year, i had once again told everyone i had cancer. this time it was colon cancer once again; my iron levels were below normal. to my great relief once again, this was revealed to be mere thalassemia trait, and i was not in fact bleeding internally from undiagnosed colon cancer.  in 2008, i needed an eye exam. after noticing some white in my iris in a prom picture, i knew i had retinoblastoma. the terror leading up to my eye exam was intense, as that fateful day would surely be the day i learned i was going to die. the eye doctor didn't find retinoblastoma, but did educate me on how it was only found in children.  the most serious was when i was about to graduate high school. after a few episodes in january 2009 of me "jerking awake" mid-sleep, i came to the immediate, irrational conclusion that i had been suffering from a sleep-interrupting brain tumour. what immediately ensued was a period of dizziness and thinking i was losing my balance constantly. after a few google searches, i was led to the "diagnosis" of a diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma, a deadly brainstem tumour that causes similar symptoms. mind you, this is a super-rare tumour that 300 *ten year olds* get per year. it wasn't even in my age range. that wasn't enough to assuage my fears; until august, when i finally got the courage to see the doctor, i had spent every waking moment googling brain cancer cures and information about brain tumours. when i say every moment, i mean *every moment*. all non-school, non-job time was spent parked in front of a computer, googling cancer. this added up to about 12 hours of my day just reading about cancer. i didn't want to sleep in my bed either for some reason; much to the consternation of my parents, i spent 6 months sleeping on the living room floor, couch, and outside on the hammock. all the while, i bemoaned the "fact" that i was dying, suffered intense dizzy spells, headaches. i was fully convinced this was finally it. when i went to the doctor this time, he ruled out a tumour with a five-minute test called a fundoscopy, where he checked for swelling in the back of the eye. almost instantaneously, the dizziness stopped, and i walked out of the doctor's office that hour feeling the best i had felt in six months, elated that i would live to see another day.  it didn't end there. in 2010, i had my first kiss with another guy. instead of enjoying it, i returned to my car to spit it out into an empty pepsi can repeatedly. after all, he had to have had aids, and i was going to get it through kissing. for months i knew i had aids. it was inescapable. the worst part of all, i couldn't tell my parents because of how i got it. i paid out of pocket for an expensive aids test nobody else to this day knows i got; the results were negative. compounding the issue, the nurse at the lab told me i wasted my money when she learned i was a virgin and had only kissed another man. not only that, but she berated me for being "80s homophobic", which didn't help things.  in 2011, i had haemorrhoids once again. this time for three months. you guessed it; colon cancer. was the doctor in 07 wrong? did i have it after all, and did it finally catch up? well, they let up after 6 months, and so did the thought of cancer. during this time, my grades at school slid tremendously, as all i could think about was colon cancer.  in late 2013, i woke up one morning unable to hear out of my left ear. this was an acoustic neuroma, of the rare cancerous type. again, i was fully convinced i was dying. i sought help from the acoustic neuroma association, and even talked to people who referred me to the house ear instituite, who i was ready to call with the news that i had an acoustic neuroma (despite never even seeing my pcp). i decided to go to my gp first though, and scheduled an appointment. the morning of my gp appointment, before even going, my ear had unblocked itself for the first time in a month and i could hear again. the gp diagnosed me with eustacian tube dysfunction and sent me on my way, once again cancer-free. at the time i was job-searching, and had even put my search on hold for an entire month while i spent *every moment* once again googling brain cancer cures.  the ride will never end. for the rest of my life, i will be dying of something. this contributes to a fear of doctors i have. i don't even get physicals or tests anymore because, why do i even want to know if i'm dying of something? what good will it do? they can't cure it, and i can't live with the thought of knowing i'm dying. i've done it tens of times before. i'll never be okay with having a terminal illness. whenever that day comes, it will hit me like a freight train, and ruin every last minute of what i have left as i lay in bed, miserable.   i think the one positive thing i can take away from this is, i've been through "dying" enough to know of the true fragility of life.
t3_2q4ewn-t1_cn2wook-cn30om4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7724	hey, it's healthy. and if anyone tells you they don't rub one out they are lying haha! sorry to hear about the relatives. my uncle is a colon cancer survivor, and my aunt has a brain tumour. my grandma survived colon cancer, but she was also diagnosed with acute leukemia later in lifetoo. she still made it into her 70s, and it wasn't what killed her, it was a stroke. smoking is so bad for people and i don't know why people smoke, knowing full well that there isn't anyone nowadays that hasn't been affected by cancer in some way. take it day by day :)   i came to terms with death when i was really young, so it isn't even a passing thought for me, and i am almost 40. there's no use worrying, because it's coming, so i don't worry about the what if's.
t3_2ik9m0-t1_cl36n4z-cl36ux9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am not 100% but iirc he was diagnosed with a type of cancer a few months ago. i wanna say brain cancer but i could be wrong. i do know it is quite serious.  edit: as i said i was not sure about they type of cancer but as everyone is pointing out. he has colon cancer.
t3_3qov2u-t3_3qov2u-cwh5w3c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8089	if you are looking into bowel cancer... best to check with the experts... i will provide some background for my father though.  the "poop" test and some blood test was administered after they had already confirmed he had a massive growth in his colon, ended up having half his large intestine removed...   anyway, both the non colonoscopy tests showed up negative for cancer.  after he did the surgery, still negative.  (that was just blood test iirc).  cue one year after chemo, and he has colon cancer that is now showing up potentially in his lungs, but tests negative for cancer still.  they went to do surgery and had to remove half of his right lung, and noted it had likely spread elsewhere.  it was only when they confirmed bone and brain cancer, he finally tested positive somehow...   not sure if it was just his type of colon cancer, but i certainly have my doubts about the efficacy of some of the tests.  as his son i will have to endure a few tests in my lifetime, but a small price to pay vs. getting cancer.  my wife is going through chemo right now... and it is not something you want to go through.
t3_2ytt2o-t1_cpdfvzy-cpdkoya	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i guantee you, if i announced i had prostate cancer, my boys would joke about maybe not taking things up the ass. same with colon cancer, just with more farm animals.  brain cancer would probably result in a joke about finally being able to beat me in trivia crack.  if they didn't, i'd be disappointed. and it would make me feel isolated from my friends.  i recently had a friend in the hospital for a massive foot infection that required surgery and a week hospitialization. i joked that at least now i'd beat him on his own pool table. he went home, and i was there two days later.  i won the 3 game series. he claimed injury. i called him a wussy.
t3_3413yj-t1_cqq8abo-cqqdkxz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i met ian mckellan once but he was saying he wasn't him. anyway, after i figured out it was actually him i was geeking out but not bothering him (he was pretending not to be him for a reason, right?)  anyway, as i was about to leave the place we were both at, he was walking in as i was walking out and he grabbed my arm and leaned in to whisper **"i'm gandalf."**  i am a 39 year old man at this point and i instantly turned into an 8-year old boy. for the next three hours i was just so super psyched fanboying it was ridiculous. #truestory  **tldr: ian mckellan told me he was gandalf**  edit: ok, so people seem to think this is as cool as i did and i realize theres probably some more pertinent details to give. i was keeping quiet about this because i figured he wanted some privacy but it was a few years ago so maybe these details dont matter any more.  this was in salt lake city at the humane society. he was sitting on a bench holding a chihuahua. he looked really thin. he was wearing shorts with socks with sandals but they were like house slipper sandals, just a strap over the top.  i was thinking wow, that guy looks like ian mckellan, it really looks like him.  i walked over and asked if he was ian mckellan and he replied in an american accent "who?" and i replied he was the actor who played magneto and galdolf (my pronunciation) and he corrected gandalf* and i was like "oh, yeah, i guess." then i tried explaining him more saying he was a british actor who had done some great work and he corrected "i think he's scottish" and again, i hadn't figured it out yet so i was like "yeah, well i guess he could be." my girlfriend is next to me at this point and she's already figured it out. but im too dense still. so i tell him to have a nice day and continue to go grab dogs and walk them. (i occasionally go to the humane society just to walk the dogs to keep them calm, acclimate them better to humans, and just to make them happy so they're more adoptable)  as i'm walking dogs my brain is still spinning and i realize the only person with an american accent that would correct me about being scottish, not british, would be wearing a kilt. and i also realize the gandalf/gandolf thing might be the result of an actor who really studied their character. that was ian mckellan! so, i'm psyched but it was obvious he wanted to be left alone so i kept a distance.  he did catch me pointing him out to my son but just smiled a little.  and, of course as i was leaving, i already told you about him saying "i'm gandalf"  i was squeeing the whole drive home wondering why he was in salt lake. i assumed there was some post production sound stuff to do wiith the hobbit and slc has some sound studios that do work for hollywood and those were a short distance from the human society.  what i now believe is that he was in town for colon cancer treatment.
t3_34du5g-t1_cqtynhl-cqurl8q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	iirc, fatty acids don't penetrate the blood / brain barrier, or at least not much. so fat probably is not a food this tumor uses.  also many (most?) tumors (mostly non-benign, though) have damaged mitochondria and do not use much other than glucose. again, not all tumors.  my own oncologist was not that positive about my low carb meal plan, but neither did he oppose it. as i am now (according to them) cancer-free, it wasn't a bad idea, in any case.  i had a stage 1 rectal tumor and also received chemo and radiation.
t3_12crzo-t3_12crzo-c6v7xdj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was recently diagnosed and had surgery for colon cancer,i am only 31. telling my parents was the worst since my brother passed just two years ago of brain cancer. the other thing that sucked was the waiting. it was a whirlwind of info and no info. scans with no results but weird looks from drs or nurses. lots of paranoia of what may or may not be going on in your own body. i had a tumor in my colon that was found during a scope, during my mris and ct scans showed other issues. there was two weeks were i had to wait to find out if it had spread to my whole abdomen. i also had spots on my lungs. those turned out to be old scaring from bronchitis or valley fever. i was lucky enough to end up having stage i,no invasion of other organs and no lymph node involvement. i don't need chemo! just stay positive because there is always hope. it may not be cancer,if it is, it may not be as bad as you think. good luck with everything and ask any questions you may have.
t3_1jji6b-t3_1jji6b-cbfbyab	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this offends me. my friend had brain cancer and she went through hell. this is disgusting. also my grandmother died of oesophageal cancer and my grandpa died of colon cancer. now my father and i have to get checked for colon cancer. this girl has no idea how scary it is to have to wonder if this time it comes back positive. i've been told that i might have breast cancer, luckily i didn't but i'd never been so scared in my life. my uncle died last year of intestinal cancer and it devastated my aunt. i remember getting the call that he passed away. that was the hardest thing i ever had to hear.  this girl is beyond stupid. edit: more information.
t3_1wo3dt-t3_1wo3dt-cf46f7j	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm lexi, 23, annapolis md.  i also fostered puppies (house is too full now unfortunately), love watching hockey, video games, and other normal things.  my dad,48, has terminal lung cancer (smoked 30 years) with mets to brain and spine and other shitty places. he was just given weeks-months left. it has been a long 22 month struggle and i understand now why people refer to cancer as a battle. it does not feel right to be facing his death at our ages.  my mom has stage 3 colorectal cancer but actually has a pretty good prognosis. surgery removed the tumor and 25 lymph nodes and 1 came back positive so automatic stage 3. she is doing chemo and radiation and we expect *fingers crossed* everything to be fine.
t3_1a8nsi-t3_1a8nsi-c8vcj3v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6622	hello, i have experience with both getting and giving the news. my oldest brother had a grade vi gbm, which is the highest grade and relates to astrocytomas. he had almost two full years. when i found out he had brain cancer it took my breath away but knowing was much better than not. i was able to become closer to him than before, i became close friends with his wife, his illness inspired me to go back to school and get a degree in speech therapy. i am also a cancer survivor. last august i was diagnosed with colon cancer @ 31. telling my parents was the worst because they had lost a child already. i did sugar coat some things because of that. i told them all the facts but any of the statistics i withheld. i made it through everything and cancer free. tell them, let them help with whatever they can. stay calm. be positive! it's hard to do but it does help to have a positive attitude while healing. so sorry you have to go through all of this.
t3_4tdfju-t3_4tdfju-d5gig04	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she was my life. she was my world.  there is no such beauty as a [burl](http://australianburls.com/australianburls/corrugata%20burls/corrugata%20burl%20platter%20auto%20enhanced.jpg).  the texture flows like the wind  it grows in every direction  there is no order, there is no structure  like a blood vessel when it ruptures  the winding maze, the twisted grain  just like the tumor in her brain  almost as if it is trying to escape from itself  but you can never outrun your shadow
t3_4u6uuu-t3_4u6uuu-d5nuuvn	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5005	"i found out yesterday that i had inoperable brain cancer and have seven months to live. i want to live my life to the fullest before i die. i quit."  problem solved. burned bridges: 0
t3_36x30w-t3_36x30w-crihuuc	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6739	my mom passed when she was 44. she had stage 4 metastatic melanoma that had spread to her brain. there were too many tumors on her brain to do surgery. she also had a fast growing tumor on the brain stem.   this was the 2nd time she had had melanoma. she was diagnosed in march and gone by july. for palliative treatment they tried radiation. it burned her skin and caused lymphedema in one arm. with the speed of the disease her body and mind deteriorated very quickly.   the last month of her life she spent as much time as she could teaching me about how to do thing on my own. we had conversations that repaired our relationship.   the last two weeks went by extremely fast. she fell in her bedroom one morning and hit her head. i was already at work that day and had to drive home to pick her up off the floor. she wouldn't allow my stepdad to do it as it was too painful for her. so from when she fell to when i got home, she laid on her floor crying and covered in her own piss. we had her transported by ambulance to a hospital that day.   it took the hospital a week to find an open hospice bed. when she arrived at hospice she was no longer able to speak, or recognize where she was or why. one day, my aunt picked me up from hospice to take me to lunch. i didn't want to be gone long because i didn't know how much time she had left. we arrived back at hospice just in time to witness her last breath.   when my mom received her diagnosis and prognosis a social worker came to speak with her about creating an advanced directive. my mom refused to do it. she was determined to fight. that left me, at 22, to make her final decisions. i was so bereft that i couldn't even give her eulogy at her service.   it has taken me almost 7 years to process her death and the absence of her in my life. it's so important to have an advanced directive so that you don't leave the burden of making decisions for your family. losing her made me cling to my father for a long time. the resulting depression from losing her messed with my life for a long time. it's only now that i can look back at my past and have happy memories of her, and not of her final days.   i hope that answers your question. please no pity or sympathy for me. life goes on, and i am once again happy in my life!
t3_1xn293-t1_cfd4cua-cfdarj8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7433	it makes sense. when you're looking right down the barrel and know it's coming, you can stop fighting and enjoy what's left. up close, i've seen 3 different women go through cancer at different stages in life, 1 had a good shot and went through hell to get healthy, 2 didn't beat it but it never got them down.   my grandma was 90 when she was first diagnosed with stomach cancer after a routine surgery. she was riddled with it, and they gave her a month, but she went about her life for the next year and a half before it overtook her. i had young friend who had and beat brain cancer in her early late teens, but it came back in a massive inoperable way later. she did the best "fuck everything" i've ever witnessed, quit her career job, almost no treatment, traveled constantly, and lived more than most people ever will, all before her 29th birthday.
t3_1av2v2-t1_c910438-c916qw2	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	thank you for your time in raising awareness.   last christmas my little sister had pain in her neck and shoulders.  she went to get a physical to get it checked out and they had her do an mri.  nobody was ready to hear that she had a huge brain tumor on her cerebellum.  hemangioblastoma, she just turned 18 last year and she has a rare tumor only seen in middle aged adults.  flip side, she had surgery and recovered well.  she's back in school again like nothing ever happened.
t3_1ih9ls-t1_cb4irkf-cb4jt7n	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5045	my mom had the same stage 4 glioblastoma when she was 50.    she did surgery to remove tumor, did radiotherapy, did oral chemo until the side effects became unbearable and then she decided to stop treatment.   well, she recovered and enjoyed 6 years in perfect health (zero side effects) until it came last year back and took her life a couple months ago.  in those 6 years, she saw her first grandchild, saw her daughter graduate, and spent time with us for another 6 years.  she had about a 1% probability of making it that far but she did.
t3_3qe5uw-t1_cwf4f60-cwfj09p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cancerous cells happen every day in everyone's bodies. it's just a fact of life. dna gets damaged, and that causes the cell to replicate improperly. your t cells find those mutated cells, and destroy them. where it becomes a problem is when your immune system does not recognize the mutations, and does not destroy the cells in time. that is why it becomes more and more likely to get cancer as you age. your body's immune system gets slow, and gets overwhelmed. also, the more time that goes on, the more chances there are for dna damage, along with more epigenetic gene mutations. it's also why people with aids often die of cancer in the end. the immune system is the key to keeping cancer at bay.  obviously growth factors can increase the growth of certain cells in the body. if one of those cells becomes cancerous, and expresses the receptor for that growth factor, then increases in that factor can speed up the spread of that particular cancer. your immune system is still the gatekeeper in this whole game. a healthy and functioning immune system should be capable of taking those cells out in time. if you do not have a healthy and functioning immune system, or have some genetic predisposition to a certain cancer, then taking compounds that increase growth factors can increase the likelihood that a cancer will spread faster if it gets out of hand. they are not going to cause cancer, though. human growth hormone and igf-1 levels are highest in adolescence. however, most young people have immune systems that are just as strong. so cancer is not a problem. there are cases where a genetic predisposition, or an epigenetic change from an outside factor, can tip the scales in cancer's favor. in those instances, taking supplements that increase certain growth factors is probably not a good idea. if i found out i had brain cancer, i probably would reevaluate taking certain things that increase bdnf and ngf. however, i am not going to lose sleep over it under normal circumstances.
t3_24euaj-t1_ch6ha9l-ch6owuh	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7939	thanks dude, i always hada thing for opiates and once i was diagnosed with brain cancer i jsut abused my situation to get a ridiculous amount of pills. i was mainly using them as an escape, now that ive had a craniotomy and am cancer free right now i still have this problem. im hoping to get some help very soon. appreciate your thoughts.
t3_2tgexf-t3_2tgexf-cnyxxot	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6671	hello! congrats on your bravely fought battle. my uncle recently had brain cancer and after he had his tumor removed, his attitude changed drastically, he became more outgoing, friendly, less depressed, etc. did you experience anything similar?
t3_1lsshc-t3_1lsshc-cc2nusx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as a former fat kid who hated sports, took lots of falls, was picked on, etc. fuck this guy. holding grudges against young assholes and then talking about how you were literally dying from jogging is so fucking ridiculous i think i have brain cancer now. i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now. there are sheep turtles singing to me now.
t3_13a20u-t1_c728568-c72z55k	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8033	hey, i'm a survivor too.  at least i will be when this is through.  i was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer earlier this year.  because of a few factors, we are confident i will "go the distance" in terms of survival.  i'm going through chemo right now and had to put off some of my plans, but i'm making the most of my time and doing things i love.
t3_2q33lj-t3_2q33lj-cn35lce	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you didnt say how this works, so i'm assuming magic. i'm taking a lot of time to kill all these people, won't be overnight.  i'd use this opportunity to become a ruler.  start with press conference and make sure everyone knows i'm in charge. then start with congress/president. bam, i'm dictator of america. any who challenge me directly are next.  next i work on making the world a better place. death row, religious fundamentalists, war lords, malevolent dictators, roger goodell and gary bettman.   anyone who wants to die, suicidal or euthenasia.   i still have a nice chunk of people to kill, so i continue expanding my control. i take over the rest of the countries in the world, offing their leaders. i'm nice enough now to let leaders step aside, rather than be killed.  now i'm taking money, rich assholes. bill gates can stay, since he's all about giving money away, i'm looking for the scrooges, so i can then give their money away to philanthropic needs.   the united socialist world is now mostly researching medicine and space expansion. its taken me less than 20 years and i've accomplished most of my goals, and have consolidated my power and the world is moving in a more peaceful direction. meanwhile i still have about 1,000,000 more people to kill.  i mostly hold on to that, and after 40 or so years i'm in my late 80s with relatively few people killed in that span. however it is discovered that i have terminal, inoperable brain cancer.    after killing the doctor that misdiagnosed me 5 times i go mad. i'm killing people left and right for trivial reasons, often undoing decades of my own work.   on my final day i decide to send the world into financial ruin, and cripple the banks, removing their most important people and it specialists. sure they may recover, but not until after a recession that will take years to climb out of.  finally, using my last one, i kill myself, before the cancer can get me.
t3_3560el-t1_cr1czk4-cr1eq44	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey man, you gotta just keep going. my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 glioblastoma last march, and right when we thought she was making progress, the angle of her radiation damaged her optic nerve and left her blind with a very small chance of her sight returning. i know you'll probably have to keep a strong front for your family, but don't forget to take some time to yourself to process all the stress as well. good luck and i'm praying for you bud.
t3_4af9eb-t1_d10cq9h-d10kjmt	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5009	well, i have brain cancer and would like to be able to grow enough to supply all my needs. i smoke high amounts of it during the day, but also eat a lot. eating is relatively inefficient and all about the cbd/cba/trace cannabinoids/terpenes at a steady level. i'd like to eat quite a bit of raw plant if i can. letting me grow some year round indoors, and put some in my garden outside, would be really nice. i mean, fuck off, i have brain cancer let me grow my own goddamn weed.
t3_1jthci-t1_cbi8uxs-cbiay4v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	couldn't agree more with this. i have brain cancer, so not quite the same but i think some of the same feelings are there. having people bring food over and call to see how someone's feeling or just to talk about mundane things really helps to feel appreciated. i think deep down, we all have a bit of a self-esteem issue, that the world won't miss us when we're gone. i would say if anything, show her how much she means to the world and to you all, and that she is in fact appreciated.   one other thing that people don't think of sometimes - give her some space. while yes she is going through a lot and probably needs a whole lot of love and support, eventually it can become tiresome. she probably won't want to talk about her cancer *all* the time and might want to focus on other things. that's perfectly fine, as long as she isn't in denial. don't feel like you're not there for her if she doesn't want to talk about it. my family didn't quite get the hints and pushed me a bit too much, which was sometimes frustrating (even though it came from a good place).   good luck to her and to you! glad she has a great friend like you! :)
t3_1q8q75-t3_1q8q75-cdai25w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6484	i get a phone call saying that everyone i love has just passed away. i get a second phone call from my doctor saying i have brain cancer and 4 months to live. alone and scared...
t3_3k3wb9-t1_cuw1ij7-cuw1p4q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	nah my first reply to you i patiently explained how you were wrong, and all you had for that was a downvote. and you didn't even bother trying to justify it with a response. your fault the second reply was made.  you literally said i had brain cancer and, what, you expect me to be nice to you after that? retard.
t3_1j0xq1-t3_1j0xq1-cba95zd	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5977	was it able to be removed because it was caught at an early stage or was it a less aggressive tumor? i ask because my aunt died suddenly and rather violently from an aggressive brain tumor with a scary name there was no operation that could have helped. basically, are you lucky to be alive?
t3_2l42uv-t1_clrjext-clryzrq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my best friend's wife passed away from glioblastoma a couple years ago. her mother demanded they kept her body alive. i cannot, for the life of me, understand how one can do that to another human being. my friend was forced to watch his lovely wife become a thing for her mother to garner sympathy over. i am still incredibly angry for my friend, and am still in awe of his ability to cope in light of the worst possible situation made worse still.
t3_3lkked-t3_3lkked-cv7g36l	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i also felt the same way you do when i was diagnosed with my brain cancer in 2013. it feels surreal and the first feelings are usually how, and then why me. chemo, and the radiation (if you get it) will make you feel like crap for a few days, but then you will be back to normal. don't try to hide your feelings. i keep telling everyone around me i'm fine, when i know i'm not, but i also beat their 15 month death sentence. your oncologist, if they are anything like mine, is straight to the point, and i love her for that. don't let this drag you down, just look at it like a stepping stone, and go on with your life.
t3_3ujcld-t3_3ujcld-cxht22l	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6609	i lost my grandfather to brain cancer 7 years ago as of september, and that christmas my brother and his wife announced their pregnancy. our grandfather was basically dad to us, and my brother gave my nephew our grandfathers name as his middle name. my mother is a little cooky and is convinced my nephew has my grandfathers soul. i know that he shares my grandfathers thirst for knowledge and love of music so who knows? maybe my mom isn't just a nutjob! i'm still ttc but when i do my baby will have one great grandparent, my grandmother is too stubborn to die. my husband still has one grandmother as well, but she has fought off cancer multiple times and this time she just won't have the strength to do it again, this will probably be her last christmas.
t3_r8hp2-t3_r8hp2-c43yoy1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not sure if you'll ever get around to reading this...   i am a medical physics graduate student hoping to get into clinical medical physics at the culmination of my studies. the primary endpoint for my current education path is working in tandem with oncologists to treat cancer using radiotherapy. take all the advice you have seen here with a grain of salt... including my own.   the classes i have had on brain cancer are not optimistic. the oncologist who gave our lecture essentially told us that most treatment is considered palliative unless it is a special case. chemotherapy in tandem with radiation seems to be the current treatment modality, depending on your response to certain tests. your young age gives you hope, in the sense that you could be an outlier and may respond positively to aggressive chemotherapy.   what you need to consider is that the statistical certainty for which they have told you "3-5 years" is based on experience. each person will react differently.   i am curious as to why you think the quality of your remaining time will be greatly reduced if you seek treatment. most palliative treatment seeks to increase the quality of life for the patient using radiation 'boosts' and taking toxicity into account when considering doses. curative radiation therapy may reduce quality of life but the goal is different than palliative care - it seeks to allow you to live many years beyond the original diagnosis.
t3_9t4ah-t3_9t4ah-c0ebgc9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's hard to discuss this issue without getting labeled as a "conservative" or "liberal". people like to assume that there are only 2 sides that you can choose from. i have been following the debate over healthcare and am not opposed to a 'public option' nor am i in favor of 'mandatory insurance'. my concern is that insurance companies are a bunch of big, greedy, self-serving assholes. if you force them to do things like: cover people with terminal diseases or deny them the ability to drop someone's coverage you basically end up creating bigger problems. sure, they'll insure you....they'll just jack your rates up 400% to cover the cost.   on the other end of the scale you run into the problems created by the 'uninsureable'. these are all the people with terminal brain cancer, emphysema (caused by a lifetime of smoking), or liver failure (caused by a lifetime of drinking). all of these worst-case-scenarios will end up on the public option because no insurance company will want to touch them with a 10 ft. pole.   so, you end up with a situation where the worst cases are on government sponsored plans getting sub-standard care. (just ask some veterans about va hospitals or look at medicare). on the other end of the of the spectrum you got healthy people with employer-sponsored insurance who's rates went up to cover the inevitable end-of-life period which will cost the insurance company millions. it seems the only two options thus far are: increased insurance rates or sub-standard healthcare administered by a bureaucracy. there have to be some better choices than this. :/  my personal feeling about this is: "why is it so bad to die?" i believe in euthanasia. if i have some terminal brain cancer that is very painful and fatal then i don't want to stick around. i would say goodbye to all my friends and family and then kill myself in a dignified way.  our system is all about prolonging life at any cost. but, in the end, we all die anyway. i don't know what the answer is. but, i do think that we haven't thought through the all of options in much detail. they sound good on paper but, in real life it will become quite messy. there are a lot of gray areas. it took us decades to create this mess. we won't figure it out in 8 months.
t3_3n8ap2-t3_3n8ap2-cvlrgzs	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	most of my skull is made of titanium.    i was diagnosed with a lemon sized brain tumor about 5 years ago (fortunately it was the good kind to have) and it was removed about three weeks after discovery.  to get to it, my head was cut open from ear to ear (like a headband), my face was peeled down and the  top of my skull along with my forehead was removed and then rebuilt with titanium.    my head is worth more than my house.
t3_4sk8o1-t3_4sk8o1-d5kmx5u	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7437	i had an aunt who a brain tumor when she was only twenty years old and the surgery to remove it went wrong. the doctor actually removed healthy brain tissue because he rushed the surgery, and it made her unable to tell when she was hungry or full, and left her with serious memory problems (which did eventually improve). for a while, she would forget she had eaten and just eat again because she couldn't tell if she was hungry or full. she became very large, and this led to serious hip problems and she needed to use an electric scooter if she would be walking for any amount of time, even *after* she had a gastric bypass and was able to lose much of the weight.
t3_3v8wd2-t3_3v8wd2-cxldkgs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm 15 and glad i have never gotten a girlfriend yet. while sometimes i feel bad while my friends are in relationships al i really just want is a kiss to see what it is like. i have terminal brain cancer so u don't think i will ever get to date someone for real or get a kiss, but hey whatever. i always thought i would wait until college so i didn't waste my time on someone.
t3_13k9my-t1_c74ookt-c74tnq6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my first panic attack occurred because of a caffeine overdose. sounds stupid right? drink 7-8 french pressed coffees, a coke at lunch and half a pack of cigarettes a day for 3 years and it suddenly becomes more reasonable. i was at the bank in line when i suddenly became absolutely terrified that i was dying or having a heart attack (i was 24 at the time) i never ran out of a place so fast in my life. i sat in the car for 20 minutes breathing into a bag wondering wtf just happened.  this happened over a period of a couple months in all the wrong places. traffic, the subway, work meetings, even visiting clients. i was really scared that i had some sort of brain cancer or something. eventually i consulted a doctor and we reviewed my diet. after regaling him with my disgusting level of stimulant intake, he suggested that i quit caffeine. now i drink one caffeinated beverage a day and i am cured of panic attacks. if i drink two i will definitely feel the difference. sorry for the long story but i can definitely relate.
t3_2olze9-t3_2olze9-cmp35b8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7439	charming pictures. we will go down the vet by thursday to put my 14 year old laica (a she), to sleep to avoid she suffering too much, since she has brain tumour that is eating her cordination and urinary capabilities, and she has a tumor on her vagina, her leg, her belly and near her liver... operation could work if the tumour and close to surface, but to know that alot more money to analysis just to know where it is, and even if it was close to surface it would only slow down the innevitable. cheers for you, may we both find happiness, and remenber or dogs with a smile on our faces! :)
t3_29cj30-t1_cijqw4p-cijwovb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6222	this is me. if i have a headache i think it's brain cancer for literally no reason. playing video games for 6 hours straight and wondering why i have a headache, im not the smartest sometimes.
t3_33ecm6-t3_33ecm6-cqkfyam	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	what type of tumor is it? what grade?  i have brain cancer, but it is low grade.  i am not doing radiation, but only chemo therapy right now through a clinical trial.    where are you located? it is important to be seen at a major brain tumor center. they often have clinical trials available.
t3_3kcms4-t3_3kcms4-cuxfljv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was 16, to my parents, and i'd known i was bisexual for all of two days. it was something that hit me so suddenly that i wanted to be taken to a doctor, because i genuinely thought i had brain cancer or something. (if someone had suggested to me that i'd become suddenly possessed, or been abducted by aliens and had something implanted in my skull, i'd have been *very* prepared to believe them at the time.)
t3_3ck8z7-t1_cswuh7l-cswz6lz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5107	i have an 18 month old daughter so everyone asks, no, hounds me about when i'm going to have another one. strangers even. i politely say we are just enjoying this baby for now. i get "oh but everyone loves siblings!" "you don't want her to be spoiled do you?"  9 months ago i found out i have brain cancer and while i would still love to have another baby, my treatment is likely 2 years and even then becoming pregnant might not be wise.   this is probably a rare circumstance but there are many health conditions that can interfere with having more kids and you just never know.
t3_2l0m46-t1_clqec3b-clqizyx	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5001	my friend dead laurie* was so happy when the palliative care dr started treating her. radiation was not helping for her glioblastoma and she felt so much better for her last few weeks.    thank you for all you do.  *that's her name so no one forgets she is gone.
t3_2v39el-t1_coe23oq-coe4voq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dog developed a brain tumor and had about 3 months, if even, to live. we put her down for that reason; why let her suffer those 3 months where she couldn't even bring herself to eat? it would've been selfish to keep her alive those extra months.
t3_2m64ic-t3_2m64ic-cm1c4u2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6735	i think i'd probably laugh hysterically. my family has gone through shit in the past couple of years with my brother needing and then recovering from brain surgery and i think if i found out i had brain cancer it'd seem like life was just taking an enormous shit on us.   after the hysterics, i don't know. i really don't know. it's a pretty rough situation for anyone to be in, and i hope things go as well as they can for you.
t3_3vy57q-t3_3vy57q-cxrpnsq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with an oligodendroglioma in my left frontal lobe 3 years ago when i was 20. about to begin my first round of chemo. what's your experience, and what is it about your tumour that makes it so rare?
t3_4ft9um-t1_d2bzzux-d2ca36o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; if you have a cancer in your stomach, it's the perfect cancer in your stomach for you.  sorry man for me you have some serious problems. btw not gonna reply anymore to you i have the feeling i get the perfect brain cancer in my head if i continue writing with you.
t3_19xs3g-t1_c8scn81-c8senxw	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	chemo saved my sister's life when she was diagnosed with a brain tumor when she was 1 year 8 months old. she's 16 now and been in remission for 10 years, chemo has its place.
t3_2w4wvn-t3_2w4wvn-coo4pgv	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6622	i can't imagine doing it but i will have to go through the same thing as you as my 7yr old beagle also has brain cancer. she has a lump on top of her head and another tumor growing under her eye in her sinus cavity. oh god it hurts to even thing about watching her slowly drift off to sleep. ugh she is the best and only dog i have ever had. prayers my friend...
t3_2ycy3q-t3_2ycy3q-cp8lazi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8086	my grandma. she supported my family her entire life. she worked nearly everyday just to support my family. she was a nurse in ww2. she's incredibly emotionally strong.  even now, when my grandpa has cancer (lungs and it's suspected brain and stomach) and he's getting hallucinations and paranoia and flying into fits of rage, she's going strong. she hasn't cried, she's trying her best to make sure my mom and my aunt are okay. she's still putting everyone's feelings before her own.
t3_1fxkpy-t3_1fxkpy-caexpa1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one of my friends thought it would be funny to put a toothpick in my hand while i was sleeping on the couch, then violently shake me to quickly wake me up. in my stupor i jammed the toothpick up my nose, and was horrified to realize i was bleeding everywhere. that rancid cunt wouldn't let me in on the joke until the end of the night, i thought i had brain cancer or some shit. i got back at him by putting the world out that he was using a program called back orifice to read the email of a hot and popular girl that his pathetic single mother raised bastard self had a crush on. he said he got cornered on the bus ride home and everyone was badgering him about how he was reading that girl's email and what a creep and pervert he was. also the fool asked me to get him a glass of water, and i dunked my balls in it. i'd say inducing a case of social anxiety and him drinking my ballwater is fair retribution for an attempted blinding.
t3_257cr4-t1_cheg4n2-cheoync	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6502	she had a brain tumor that was causing her to hallucinate. don't get me wrong, ghost sex was super stupid and ridiculous, but at least they did have an explanation for it.
t3_4zsxdm-t3_4zsxdm-d6yiz5e	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7285	my mother had brest cancer that she beat and now i do all the walks and events bc of her. but my great aunt lost her battle with brain cancer  but she was so cool with it and her wigs it felt like she was accepting it when our family wasn't.
t3_40asem-t1_cystr5n-cysv3fg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	may i ask what it is that's making you like that?  my girlfriend got cancer and she was completely fine with the fact that she was dying her only problem with it was that it was hurting me more than her. but she ended you going while she was doing something she loved. she was drawing and painting her artwork and then died from a brain hemorrhage.
t3_at5lj-t1_c0j9sbw-c0jan3y	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6722	my physician suspected i had brain cancer at one point. i was in for an mri the next morning. it turned out it was nothing(ish), but i was impressed at how fast the canadian health care system can move when it needs to.
t3_4z4coj-t3_4z4coj-d6ssy3p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7614	my sisters and i were called to hospice because our mother had only a short time left.  she had an inoperable brain tumor - a glioblastoma multiforma.  she was struggling.  i was on her left side and she began to weakly move.  i had my hand on her arm.  the nurse said my mom wanted to hold my hand.  i reached over, took her hand in mine and held it for the two hours she hsd left, all the while telling her how i loved her and what a wonderful person she was.  when she died, it was a relief because her suffering was over.  it was scarring because there was nothing i could do to help, nothing i could do to make things better. edit: spelling
t3_3sab56-t1_cwvg1t3-cwvgg1v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was *hotly* debated. it seemed like i was the only one who held the opinion that juliette was largely blameless, that the hexenbiest spirit inside her was manipulating her emotions, pushing her to act the way she was acting. i drew the parallel between this and someone with a brain tumor that changes their whole personality.  1) we now have two clear examples of a person with and without the hexenbiest spirit. juliette was good before she got it, and evil after she got it. adalind was evil when she had it, and almost good when she lost it. in addition, she admits that if she gets it again, she'll probably become evil again.  2) we've actually *seen* a hexenbiest spirit twice now, so we know they exist as separate entities apart from their host.
t3_35ybbb-t1_cr8yfho-cr9gioy	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8091	my sister had frequent headaches. then they turned into migraines. tylenol or excedrin never worked for her either. it became daily migraines that would make her throw up and she couldn't take it anymore. she also couldn't walk in a straight line and her head was always tilted, we never noticed but her doctor immediately did. other symptoms were depression and she was unable to concentrate in school, she almost dropped out. turns out she had a brain tumor the size of a baseball.
t3_438d5k-t1_czgy9o7-czh15ij	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; how would you know that you're not infected?  aside from stealing critical personal information, if there are literally no side-effects to a piece of malware, i'd be hard pressed to even call it that. to put it differently; if i had brain cancer that literally affected me in no way, i wouldn't think twice about it.  as for personal information, i have plenty on my computer. what's there to be afraid of, though?  i'm not a celebrity, so my online accounts are safe. even *if* my account information was logged somewhere, it wouldn't be used for anything. if i had your gmail password right now, for example, i wouldn't even bother to login. nothing of value comes of that.  if we're talking about financial stuff, i don't care about any of that. banks have fraud detection, prevention and insurance. i had my bank account compromised a few times in my life, totaled well over a few thousand dollars of damage. i pressed two buttons on my phone and the charges were cancelled and it was like nothing ever happened.  so that leaves identity theft - a serious issue for sure... which is why i do annual scans that always turn up nothing.  **i guess that's the key takeaway here. if i had malware, it would show up in the scan. if it doesn't, then how would i prevent that in the first place?**  always-on protection is a virus in and of itself and in the few months i did have it on in my life, it caught literally nothing at all.
t3_11ghbr-t1_c6maemc-c6mbi9c	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6454	if they have a high chance of moving to the bone yes. my mother had lung cancer. she had a tumor in her lung, one on each kidney, a tumor on her pancreas, one on her spine around c4/c7, minimum of 6 brain tumors, and possibly a tumor in her sholder. she didn't take her pain meds until the tumor in her sholder started to grow and the one in her spine got bigger. she was even paralazed on one side because of the brain tumors and it shot nerve pain down her right side, she still didn't complain or take meds. my mother fought, my mother was fighting her body going into the fetal pastion when she passed. she drove until a week before she went downhill. my mom rocked. she was amazing.
t3_1ep8gd-t3_1ep8gd-ca2in74	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;accidentally knock her wallet off her computer desk while cleaning  &gt;it opens, tucked behind it is a raggedy piece of paper  words cannot describe how much that didn't happen.  also, it's funny how resemblant the story-lines to /b/awww stories always are:  &gt;be 10 to 13 years old  &gt;in love with qt 3.14  &gt;ask her out  &gt;she says yes  &gt;happy couple  &gt;two years later she has to move away  &gt;i hate you  &gt;two years later she dies of brain cancer  &gt;oh no  &gt;go to her funeral  &gt;discover she was madly in love with me all the time she was away  &gt;tfw  &gt;provide shitty proof, such as a valentine's card, which could easily have been faked in less than two minutes  _____________  ^**edit:** ^formatting
t3_24cvbn-t1_ch6pkfq-ch6pm6w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh my, that doesn't sound good! it's probably nothing though, maybe make an appointment with a doctor just to make sure.   i thought i had brain cancer once because of a really debilitating headache. i no longer trust internet diagnoses.
t3_1c3lbo-t1_c9cobki-c9comgp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6627	yea.... and my husband had an aggressive malignant brain tumor removed from his frontal lobe in january. my catholic mother would never be ok with assisted suicide, but my husband would be down if/when this little bastard takes over.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hikft	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my preachers daughter had brain cancer when she was 6. it was aggressive and normally killed infants within weeks. after 3 years of treatment she is finally cured. today she is in 8th grade.
t3_2gecgq-t3_2gecgq-ckiu8q0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have a slightly similar story. i had brain cancer at age 8, (now 33) which was removed, chemo, radiation, the whole nine. the surgery caused spastic hemiplegia often resembling spastic cerebral palsy. seizures, at one point, were multiple times per day. the right upper side of my body is severely weakened and i have a wicked scar as well.   do you have auras? i always have, so at least there is a warning.  edit: to elaborate
t3_1e08x3-t1_c9vv8sp-c9vvnyn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she had been claiming to have brain cancer and was always "going in for blast radiation treatments" for several years, during which time she extensively used recreational drugs and drank constantly. her behavior did not match what she was saying.
t3_1yj9an-t3_1yj9an-cfldo61	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know how you feel. my 10 year old boston is dealing with what will be a fatal brain tumor and every time i look at her i can't imagine that day when she won't be snoring next to me.
t3_2ta2t2-t3_2ta2t2-cnxnmwy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this thread is like driving by a really bad car accident. i should be watching the road but i can't stop staring. i have an mri scheduled tomorrow because i constantly smell smoke and now i'm convinced that i have brain cancer or my appendix is gonna burst.
t3_3ya8w3-t3_3ya8w3-cyc5412	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well let's start by saying when i am around everything is awesome for them, my family. they know me as the cool, laid back, and funny as hell guy who has got all his shit together. i am very fun to be around and joke with and i am super smart about almost anything. i know how to do stuff even other smart people can't fathom. for example i can easily program in several different languages without any trouble, something that takes years to learn.that said...  growing up i moved around alot. never stayed in one place long enough to make real friends and connections. in fact i have no friends. i don't go to hang out with anyone or visit anyone besides some family members. it seems almost impossible for me to make any. i have extremely low self esteem and almost no confidence. i am impatient and easily get stressed. i am super awkward around people i don't know and i choke up and glow red when strangers, especially girls, try to talk to me. i can't get a girlfriend to save my life because i am just too weird, too honest, and seemingly forward. i feel like women are scared of me. i am an emotional wreck. i have anger issues that i try my best to keep hidden at all times but sometimes it gets lose. i've had these since i was young but people thought it went away with maturity. i just cage them up as best i can to not scare people. people think i am a completely different person when i forget to compose myself. they ask me if something is wrong or think i am super pissed off... they get scared of me... i know i am very conceited yet i still have strong family and friendship needs but it doesn't seem i can get close to anyone in my eyes. it's hard for me to know what others are thinking or what other do or don't want. i know alot about psychology but i still find it impossible to read people.  i get very depressed sometimes to the point where i push absolutely everyone away and become a complete asshole.   right now i am scared, mid life crisis wise. i don't kow what i am doing. i am 26 and i have a shitty job. i feel held down and that nobody truly cares about me at all. if i ran away with what i have nobody would miss me and some would hate me. i think i have severe mental illnesses and possible brain cancer. cancer runs on both sides of my family... the scariest part is that sometimes i get extremely bad thoughts that i know are terrible but i get lost in them, these would require a throwaway account to share and ritual burning of the pc i used to comment. .......sometimes i do act on these thought and regret it..... i don't want to hurt people... if my family found out they would abandon me. some things in my past are unforgivable. i don't want to be the way i am. i hate myself... sometimes i take the eaiser way and it ends up hurting so many people even if they don't know about it yet. i am a bad person. no matter what i do i hurt people even those close to me. i love everyone that is somewhat close to me but i am a damn monster... i am terrified of the things that i want to do sometimes and the aftermath if anyone found out.
t3_qp0qk-t1_c3zkqsg-c3zl46g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my daughter and her husband moved here to be closer to my wife and me.  i too would gladly leave this state, but i have a good job and because i have brain cancer i need to be near md anderson.  (i live about 3.5 hours away.)  yes there are other top notch clinics in the country, and we might consider moving later, but again, there's the job issue and the fact that my daughter recently moved and our other two children still live here.    and there are other things that keep us here.  great food.  various forms of culture (high culture, local folk culture, ethnic/racial cultures, vibrant music scene) and our extended families.    unfortunately, the incredibly backwards, redneck, intentional stupidity (occurs when people favor ideology and hate over facts and thought) that allows for perry and his cronies to stay in office makes me sick to my stomach.  this is not an opinion based simply on ideology.  it is driven by the realities that we have such poor funding for education, we love the death sentence, we love to hate (gays, minorities, the poor, anyone who is not both a conservative and a "christian").    bottom line: while there are many terrible things about living here, there are enough wonderful things to balance that all out in terms of daily life.  besides, the demographics are changing (which also accounts for a lot of the current hysteria) and ideally, in about 20-40 years, we may once again become a democratic state...a liberal one this time.  (we've been a one-party state since reconstruction.  but for over 100 years it was a conservative democratic state.  since the 1980s, we moved to becoming a one-party republican state because it has come to better represent the fox news, glenn beck, rush limbaugh "philosophies.")
t3_1aoap1-t1_c8z9bci-c8z9o7l	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	hooray for being off narcotics! i had brain cancer and suffer chronic pain from a nerve severed in surgery. i was on *strong* opioid painkillers for 2+ years, living as a functioning addict, with no other choice.   i was finally able to get off the narcs (21 months, 5 days and counting!) and have used marijuana as my primary source of pain relief. wow, what a difference it makes. no rebound pain, no withdrawals, no pain clinics, prescriptions, unpleasant side-effects.   my parents grounded me for having weed when i was 16, and now they'd gladly give me money if i weren't able to afford it. :)
t3_4w3m8q-t3_4w3m8q-d63p4ba	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	man, i've had too many dreams where i was diagnosed with brain cancer to not actually get brain cancer. that death really wants to take me. if i don't die from brain cancer, imma be pissed. i mean, he fought so hard for it.
t3_3qtrnb-t3_3qtrnb-cwidjnj	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8003	regular injections of norm alsaline can help. my doctor gives it to me once a month after i found out from dr. web, md that i have brain cancer and i haven't had a single headache since.
t3_z93lz-t3_z93lz-c62rhao	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7919	i was on his facebook profile, and they copied this rage comic! now they're laughing at it. fuck sir fappington, my moms best friend had cancer everywhere from her bones to her skin. she even had tumors in her brain and tumors on her liver. i don't care about goths stupid spelling mistakes, when my moms friend died, my mom almost committed suicide. oh and they're also redditors. smh -_-
t3_2ztnml-t3_2ztnml-cpmhxy4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mum getting a brain tumor when i was 14. made me realise that life was heavy time to grow up and look after myself and her. the operation 4 years later (life or death) was one of the worst days of my life
t3_1wuk9v-t3_1wuk9v-cf5r5fs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5804	i expect this will be buried, but i need to vent.  i am a web developer, and a client of mine owes me over 11k.   earlier last week, he calls me and tells me that he attempted suicide.  frankly i'm upset that he hasn't paid, and yes i'm most likely taking him to court.  but this isn't what upsets me.  financially i'm okay.  i have a father that has had brain cancer for the past 3 years.  he accepts death, and i would have understood if he decided to end his life.  but even through the pain and countless number of prescriptions, he is still with us.  i'm proud of him.  he even said to me once, "if i die, i'll be happy to know that i had a good life and that i'm still living." he's happy to contribute to cancer research even through the suffering.  a good man.  what upsets me about my client is that he is a pussy.  i could understand if he has some mental condition or some serious illness, but this is some ~25yr old that used to make a lot of money that had a crappy year.  he attempted to start up a business and failed.  so, in his self-loathing, he decided to take his life.  **and he even fucked that up.  that is my darkest thought.  this ~25yr old idiot couldn't even kill himself.  i wish he did.  at least i would know he did that one thing correctly.**
t3_3ubwdq-t3_3ubwdq-cxe2lwv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6027	yeah, i've done it. she had brain cancer (but was still very much in control of her mind and everything, just had crippling headaches, vision trouble, etc.) her best friend asked me if i'd "show her a good time"... considering she had maybe a year or so left to live. i was single and i'm pretty casual about sex, so i said sure. had her come over, she was basically for the most part completely inexperienced with sex. it wasn't very good for me. she somehow got my dick caught in my zipper. wasn't terrible either though, and i was happy to help her get some lovin' before she died.
t3_2py04w-t3_2py04w-cn10usp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5094	brain surgery went super well! going in the doctor thought i had brain cancer, which is super fucking bad news, so they cut me open to get biopsy samples. no traces of cancer found yet, so they're more confident that i'm actually suffering from something else. not sure what. infection, microbe, bacteria, parasite, fungus... not fun stuff, but none are nearly as bad as actual cancer! hooray!
t3_4hb2nk-t1_d2pau8f-d2qbong	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother in law worked for them for 10 years. she developed a brain tumor about 2 years ago. i remember the day they fired her. it was less than a week after she told her boss about her tumor. they said it was for insubordination. i was shocked it was just so blatant that she was fired when they found out she was sick.
t3_3g2ni9-t3_3g2ni9-ctuo3z8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lived. i had a super rare form of testicular cancer, so rare i was the seventh to have that type of it, and the second to survive it and the surgery. plus, i had a decent sized seizure as a baby (the cancer was as a baby as well), and i am allergic to vancomiacine, i have the red man reaction, which is incredibly rare, and an allergy to that medicine is even rarer. plus, i had a virus that mimicked mono to the degree where it was suspected that i had brain cancer. i've had full medical papers on me and my allergy/cancer/everything. i'm healy now, but like, i'm decently known in the medical community, to the point where a nurse recognized me when i went to a hospital i'd never been to
t3_174dgz-t1_c826mcs-c8275u7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7554	my future posts:  dying from a brain tumor, did i do it right?  i'll see your elbow injury and raise you my brain tumor/death sentence.  reddit, my wife did a painting of me dying from a brain tumor.  how did she do?  til: i have a brain tumor  was going through a ct scan image of my deadly brain tumor.  found this gem.  seriously, i have a brain tumor (fixed)  dying from brain cancer?  nailed it.  carl sagan quote on dying (because i will be dead soon)  hey r/gonewild.  who wants to see my che[m]o photos?  i am going to die sometime this week.  no fucks given.  when you see it....(hint: its a brain tumor)
t3_2g3csu-t3_2g3csu-ckfcifc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i had brain cancer and i read a post urging people to take care of their health, would i want to jump in just to shit all over the underlying message? no. no, i wouldn't.
t3_1g36rp-t3_1g36rp-cagaqyg	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6812	about two years ago, my mother's brain tumor and ms had reached pretty advanced stages.  she had a grand mal seizure in the middle of the dining room, bashed her head on the ground, and was unresponsive for an hour or so.  called 911 shortly after the seizure began, rolled her on her side (with difficulty), and waited for the ambulance to arrive. upon arrival they waited until it stopped, tried to ask her some questions, but she only babbled nonsense for about a half-hour to an hour after.  they took her to the hospital and she stayed there for a little bit.
t3_rpqwl-t3_rpqwl-c47pkn8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we knew our chesapeake lab was gonna go down, so every day i'd lay with her and pet her. just being with her gave her relief. she had a brain tumor and had seizures. when she did have these seizures, she'd fall over and i'd run right over and hold her while she shook and seized, and put a towel under her mouth. she was the shyest, sweetest, most docile dog, i have ever seen. i miss her to this day. rip lily :(
t3_3dm8kd-t3_3dm8kd-ct6l112	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i had brain cancer, someone advised me that i simply didn't have enough faith, and that if i should happen to achieve the proper level of faith, the tumor would go away.  yeah, i left the church after that.
t3_508fe6-t1_d72312d-d726vo4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	an an hvac i can say she was huffing chlorofluorocarbons probbs r22 thats like straightup chlorine,flourine and some asshole carbons chlrine mixture. the oxygen was stripped from her brain and her body was pumped with poison. its  super good for your health shes probably not gonna get lung and brain cancer someday.
t3_6tl7u-t1_c04tw03-c04u03d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5191	this is the best advice in the thread. no question. also, research your condition. no doubt there are medical journals online that you can consult (via your local public library or college). become an expert on your condition. know the medical facts, the treatments, and their consequences. i'm assuming you're in america, and that means, to some degree, that you have to be your own doctor. find out what tests your doctor has run, what the results have been, and what the the results mean.   i had brain cancer as a child. long story short, my parents researched what i had and concluded that the gamma knife (which at the time had only been fda approved for 2 years) would be the best option. it still wasn't considered 'conventional' treatment, and their was a chance that the dead tissue would cause swelling that would equally  kill me (or so i'm told). still, here i am, alive and cancer free, because my parents took a chance. all i'm saying is it pays to be an informed consumer. especially with medical advice.   again, seriously all the best. and definitely consider that second, third, and fourth opinion.
t3_47iip8-t3_47iip8-d0d804q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i looked her up a couple years ago. all i could find were news articles. she died of a brain tumor and her husband was a father of the year or something.  she was a loon to me, but she found happiness for a short while.
t3_1saliu-t1_cdvqx4t-cdwcf3t	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8088	is there any context to this? why is she at home when she passes? was it 100% terminal? if that's the case, i can understand making her comfortable in her own home before she passes. from my perspective it doesn't look (physically) as though she was terminally ill. i've seen someone slowly deteriorate from a cancerous brain tumor and by the time they passed they were pale, skinny, fragile and overall just sick looking.
t3_3swfiw-t3_3swfiw-cx14io5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a (not quite) complete list of things supposedly caused by climate change  acne , longer plane flights , agricultural land increase , afghan poppies destroyed , africa devastated  africa in conflict , african aid threatened , african summer frost , aggressive weeds , more toxic poison ivy , air pressure changes , airport malaria , agulhas current , alaska reshaped , moves , allergy season longer , alligators in the thames , alps melting , amazon a desert , american dream end , amphibians breeding earlier (or not) , anaphylactic reactions to bee stings , ancient forests dramatically changed , animals head for the hills , animals shrink , antarctic grass flourishes , antarctic ice grows , antarctic ice shrinks , antarctic sea life at risk , anxiety treatment , algal blooms , archaeological sites threatened , arab spring , arctic bogs melt , arctic in bloom , arctic ice free , arctic ice melt faster , arctic lakes disappear , arctic tundra to burn , arctic warming (not) atlantic less salty , atlantic more salty , atmospheric circulation modified , attack of the killer jellyfish , avalanches reduced , avalanches increased , baghdad snow , bahrain under water , bananas grow , barbarisation , beer shortage , beetle infestation , bet for $10,000 , better beer , big melt faster , billion dollar research projects , billion homeless , billions face risk , billions of deaths , bird distributions change , bird loss accelerating , birds shrinking , bird strikes , bird visitors drop , birds confused , birds decline (wales) , birds driven north , birds return early , bittern boom ends , blackbirds stop singing , blackbirds threatened , black hawk down , blood contaminated , blue mussels return , bluetongue , brain eating amoebae , brains shrink , bridge collapse (minneapolis) , britain one big city , smaller loaves of bread , britain siberian , brothels struggle , brown ireland , bubonic plague , budget increases , buddhist temple threatened , building collapse , building season extension , bushfires , business opportunities , business risks , butterflies move north, camel deaths , cancer deaths in england , cannibalism , cannibalism again , caterpillar biomass shift , cave paintings threatened , childhood insomnia cholera , circumcision in decline , cirrus disappearance , civil unrest , cloud increase , coast beauty spots lost , cockroach migration , coffee threatened , cold climate creatures survive , cold spells (australia) , cold wave (india) , computer models , conferences , conflict , conflict with russia , consumers foot the bill , coral bleaching , coral fish suffer , coral reefs dying , coral reefs grow , coral reefs shrink , coral reefs twilight , cabbage shortage , cost of trillions , cougar attacks , crabgrass menace , cradle of civilisation threatened , creatures move uphill , crime increase , crocodile sex , crops devastated , crumbling roads, buildings and sewage systems , curriculum change , cyclones (australia) , danger to kid's health , darfur , dartford warbler plague , death rate increase (us) , deaths to reach 6 million , dengue hemorrhagic fever , depression , desert advance , desert retreat , destruction of the environment , disappearance of coastal cities , disasters , diseases move from animals to humans , diseases move north , dog disease , dolomites collapse , dozen deadly diseases , drop in birth rates , drought , ducks and geese decline , dust bowl in the corn belt , early marriages , early spring , earlier pollen season , earth biodiversity crisis , earth dying , earth even hotter , earth light dimming , earth lopsided , earth melting , earth morbid fever , earth on fast track , earth past point of no return , earth slowing down , earth spins faster\, earth to explode , earth's poles shift , earth upside down , earthquakes , specifically the 2015 nepal earthquake , earthquakes redux , earthquakes redux 2 , egypt revolt , el nio intensification , end of the world as we know it , erosion , emerging infections , encephalitis , english villages lost , equality threatened , europe simultaneously baking and freezing , eutrophication , evolution accelerating , expansion of university climate groups,  extinctions (human , civilisation  logic , colony collapse disorder (bees dying) , inuit , smallest butterfly , cod ladybirds , pikas , polar bears,   possums , walrus,   toads , plants , salmon , trout , wild flowers , woodlice , a million species , half of all animal and plant species, mountain species , not polar bears , barrier reef , leaches , salamanders , tropical insects)  experts muzzled , extreme changes to california , fading fall foliage , fainting , famine ,  farmers benefit , farmers go under , farm output boost , fashion disaster , fever , figurehead sacked , fir cone bonanza , fish bigger , fish catches drop , fish downsize , fish catches rise , fish deaf , fish get lost , fish head north , fish stocks at risk , fish stocks decline , five million illnesses , flames stoked , flesh eating disease , flood patterns change , floods ,  floods of beaches and cities , flood of migrants , flood preparation for crisis , florida economic decline , flowers in peril , fog (more) in san francisco , fog (less) in san francisco , food poisoning , food prices rise , food prices soar , food security threat (sa) , football team migration , footpath erosion , forest decline , forest expansion , frog with extra heads , frostbite , frost damage increased , frosts , fungi fruitful , fungi invasion , games change , garden of eden wilts , geese decline in hampshire , genetic diversity decline , gene pools slashed , giant oysters invade , giant pythons invade , giant squid migrate , gingerbread houses collapse , glacial earthquakes , glacial retreat , glacial growth , glacier grows (california) , glacier wrapped , global cooling , global dimming , glowing clouds , golf course to drown , golf masters wrecked , grandstanding , grasslands wetter , great barrier reef 95% dead , great lakes drop , great tits cope , greening of the north , grey whales lose weight , gulf stream failure , habitat loss , haggis threatened , hantavirus pulmonary syndrome , harmful algae , harvest increase , harvest shrinkage , hay fever epidemic , health affected , health of children harmed , health risks , heart disease , heart attacks and strokes (australia) , heat waves , hibernation affected , hibernation ends
t3_1kvh11-t1_cbt1zz9-cbtem0y	brain_cancer	relevant	0.803	i have the same fear, only in reverse. i have brain cancer that's killing me and everyone thinks everything is fine, but i can feel that shit is not right, but i do it because i'm scared as fuck of them (my wife, kid, and parents) seeing me in a condition that i cannot take care of since i have been the go to person when something is wrong through the years. it scares the fuck out of me knowing my wife is going to be hurting, and my daughter hurting, and there is not a fucking thing i can do about it but sit alone and cry like a bitch.
t3_1sbf9z-t3_1sbf9z-cdvvxye	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my parents respected my sister's wishes of no more surgeries when she was 12. she had a cancerous brain tumor and died 10 years ago. the surgeon had a plan to get the tumor out, although they would never have been able to get the original tumor out, they could have prolonged her life with that surgery. she died just before christmas.
t3_3zc2rl-t3_3zc2rl-cykweqn	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8476	i have had brain cancer 4 times, done chemotherapy for 3 of them and lost my hair once, i am not at all offended by this, people just need to stop being offended by everything
t3_34muwv-t3_34muwv-cqwl12z	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	when my daughter was 4 she was diagnosed with brain tumor.  tumor was removed  completely, still had to under go 30 doses of radiation to brain and spine and 8 cycles of intense chemo.  she's 7 now and she has problems remembering things and processing things.  fuck cancer.........
t3_4r8ybe-t3_4r8ybe-d4zpekb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i never got to hear any last words but my best friend was battling cancer (she would have been 21 on july 11th), i will never forget seeing her there in that hospital bed. she suffered from a heart attack, and the paramedics revived her even though she was dnr. so when they put her in the ambulance she was pretty much gone.  we all surrounded her hospital bed, she had her eyes closed, slowly breathing on her own but was technically brain dead, we just had to wait for her to pass. it was heart breaking to sit there with her family and wait hours for it to happen, it took all day.  the part i will never forget, near the end, she opened her eyes and kept looking up. i knew it wasn't a good sign but her family had hope and kept saying she was going to pull through and that she can see and understand them. she did this off and on and it broke my heart to hear her mom lean in to talk to her. i felt scared and hurt that i was loosing my best friend but it was harder to see a mother actively loose her only child...  all before this happened she was just having a normal day, hanging with her friends and her boyfriend in her room. and she just had a heart attack. four days earlier i took her to chemo and they never stated the mass in her chest could break down, and thats what caused it. a part got logged in her heart causing the attack.
t3_lvpi3-t1_c2w88gc-c2wa4yj	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had a brain tumor that was crushing her pituitary grand when i was 4-10. i didn't understand the seriousness of it then but now i can't believe she made it. it took years and an experimental(at the time) surgery to get it removed after 6 maybe up to 10 years of her having it and that was 20 years ago and she's still alive and kicking. i'm 32 now and asked her how she did it and raised 3 kids all by herself and she said that having a positive attitude and knowing you can beat it is the only way. even though then they said there was nothing they could do and she probably had less then a year to live! so i totally sympathize with anyone going through the same kinda thing. kick it's ass man! you know you can!
t3_44vd7w-t1_czt8cmx-czt8hjp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7453	fuck you're a lifesaver dr. kimchi i had brain cancer and you noticed from the simple behavior of picking my nose. how can i ever repay you for your sharp observations that has saved my life
t3_16gqy4-t1_c7vv2dm-c7vv8bt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	since i am so young, and have no family history of colon cancer, she said a colonoscopy was unnecessary. she said i could get one if it would give me peace of mind but she said the chances of it being cancer are so low it is not even worth it to consider it as a possibility... she is probably right but with my anxiety, i always thinks it's the worst. if i have a headache for a couple days in a row, instead of thinking i'm just having a off couple of days, i automatically think i have brain cancer...
t3_22x4xt-t3_22x4xt-cgrdayk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.759	this may be as unpopular as the puffin, but i sort of agree.  not in all cases, such as the mental health issues (anxiety, depression, and others) because those can be regulated with diligence, medication and support even if it takes a long time to find what works for you.    i'm 27, and my neurologist and i are trying to figure out if i have brain cancer.  the results have thus far been inconclusive, but there is a shadow on my cat scan that, and i quote, "worries them" because it's coupled with brain crippling migraines that cause me to go blind, sound sensitive, smell sensitive, and traditional medications don't work long enough for me to get better.  if it turns out that i am royally screwed and end up with a tumor - i'm trying to be cavalier here, i'm really not as okay with this as i sound - my boyfriend of 4 years and i have discussed where to go from here.  though obviously nothing is concrete, we decided that it would be best if we broke up.  clearly this isn't a marriage, so the only lives we'll be ruining are our own, but if this is a tumor, and if it is inoperable, i would be loathe to force someone to stay by my side through the sort of trials and tribulations that come with chemotherapy.  neither would i want to shackle him to a relationship that is doomed to fail.    i don't want this to seem like we don't care about each other.  we do.  we've discussed marriage, we've discussed children and even named them for when they happen.  i am deliriously happy with this man.  i love him more than i have words in any language to speak.  but if i am sick, if i am dying, then he should go before things get any worse - and any deeper - than they already have.  it breaks my heart.
t3_3uo16o-t3_3uo16o-cxgo8bv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6009	i went through this for 4 years with my mother and her brain tumor that would not go away. the absolute worst was that picture before she died, that is not her at all. it is someone else that can't grab you and hug you like she used to, she can't smile, she can't remember anything. very sorry for your loss.
t3_17hhq2-t3_17hhq2-c85n68d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.761	congratulations, but my mother had a brain tumor and got it removed. than 5 years later it came back and we couldent stop it. good luck my friend.
t3_1uxt2r-t3_1uxt2r-cemqmez	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my friend's daughter was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor on her 6th fucking birthday. reality is, she won't see her 7th. my son is close to the same age, and sometimes it just overwhelms me. i can't imagine him being gone, living life without him. i get so angry, and so heartbroken, i weep.
t3_2uieqj-t3_2uieqj-co940oi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7572	about five years ago (i was fourteen at the time) i was diagnosed with brain cancer. a few weeks later, i had just finished my second round of chemo when a kid in the grade below me started being really rude and tryng to hit me in the head. i asked him what his deal was and he replied, "your obviously dont have cancer and youre just doing it for the attention. you should go die in a hole."
t3_1arkti-t1_c90avic-c90hakf	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have glioblastoma multiforme(stage iv brain cancer). when i got married ,i was a handsome man with a badass career. i was a pilot in the u.s.  air force. my wife is a doctor of psychology. she is beautiful, kind, and intelligent. she would never leave me, but i have been crippled severely.  my left side of my body has been severely weakened or disabled completely, making use of my left arm impossible and walking reduced to a slow, painful limp. "i have a large bald spot on my head where the radiation therapy permanently killed my hair. i can  no longer drive  because the cancer interferes with signals from my eyes travelling to where they need to be processed. in short, i am not at all what she married. the cancer will kill me and she should not have to waste time caring for me when she could be with someone healthy. this thinking won't help me, so i just do as much as i can for her every day, as limited as it may be. i understand your anger over your spouse leaving, but there are great aspects over knowing someone you love can be happy with someone healthy. *edited repeatedly for spelling
t3_120y5t-t1_c6rgs8w-c6rlh1e	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5153	you just made me "awww!"  my dog was from the shelter too... she was a black lab/chow mix, loyal and adorable, very talkative. she lived to almost 15 before we had to have her put down. she had a brain tumor that hit her suddenly, there was no warning and then she was having seizures. i miss her every day, even still... but unfortunately my living situation has changed since then and i can't get a dog just yet.  it will definitely happen in the near future, and it will definitely be another rescue.
t3_2n1ivt-t1_cm9vi33-cm9vsir	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7455	i want you to know,when i was diagnosed with brain cancer,i was told i had 3 months max to live.i was told to get my affairs in order,make a guardian for my children.19 months later i am alive and cancer free and meeting lovely people as such as you.please keep me updated.you can always message me to chat!
t3_2zd971-t3_2zd971-cpiqm31	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry you are going through this now. you are not alone.   nmil threatened and half-assed attempts at suicide for as long as anyone can remember. her worst was getting my husband's shotgun, locking herself in a room, firing out the window, throwing her bulk to the floor, and then making gurgling noises. my husband was 14 and he was very concerned. he tried to get his dad involved, but his dad told him she was faking it as usual. she was. it was all because she needed her child to prove he loved her...again. it's a game with her. she just wants to manipulate these little dramas. she has no desire to become healthy. she will not put in the least bit of effort. she got cancer and made it our job to convince her to get treatment at every phase. she actually is better. she *could* look forward to some good years -if she liked good things. right now, she's harping on her "brain cancer" which is an interesting version of things. she never had brain cancer. she had lung cancer that spread to her spine and her last round of treatment is radiation to knock out any potential rouge cells that might be in her brain but are too small to detect. she thinks it plays better as "i have brain cancer."   there isn't one thing we can ever do for her so long as she is unwilling to do anything for herself.    edit: reading further here, i see some comments about borderline pd, and while i am in no way qualified to diagnose anyone, i have seen the actual dr's diagnosis of my mother-in-law, and it is bpd.
t3_1f2u1k-t3_1f2u1k-ca6f18b	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7449	i sat with my best friend, in my living room, while she ended her life via physician assisted suicide after battling a debilitating brain tumor for five years.
t3_fypgn-t1_c1jp6hj-c1jy36g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6609	the cancer was in his brain.  my moms cancer spread to her brain and while she was lucid for a little while, she did get simple things like this mixed up.
t3_224pqg-t3_224pqg-ch4qdxs	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8624	there was a girl who was friends with my roommate who had apparently partied at our apartment multiple times. i served her and her family at the restaurant i worked at, but i had no recollection of ever meeting this girl. she said "you probably dont recognize me, i dont normally look like this." once she told me her name, i was blown away. she was beautiful when i had originally met her. she was diagnosed with brain cancer and the medicine she was on made her gain 100+lbs, she was blind in one eye, and her motor functions were obviously impaired (just holding her silverware was a challenge). they were enjoying the meal because it was her favorite restaurant and she had been on a strict diet. she was diagnosed terminal that day, so they decided to splurge and let her eat at her favorite restaurant one last time. i was almost in tears walking away from the table, and did everything i could to make their experience special. i thought about her almost once a week over the next few months, praying for her health, and wondering how she was doing. even though i barely knew her or her family, i bawled after finding out she had passed away a few months later, at age 22.
t3_2w7rq2-t3_2w7rq2-coobxnu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i was getting ready to pass kidney stones, turned out i over worked/streched a muscle during some sexy time and it took almost 2 weeks for the pain to subside.  not sayin, just sayin, know what im sayin?  doctor is going to know more than the internet can provide.  i have a head ache...... brain cancer
t3_1d3hma-t1_c9mtg3d-c9mvtqo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8291	the professors are all very intelligent researchers. some of the best in their field. one bio teacher i had was in the process of testing brain cancer medication. but, their contracts require them to teach a few classes a year. some classes are even shared time between 3 or more professors. short story, they don't care about you. and they aren't highly trained teachers. most read off their power points, make you buy a $300 book they authored and in the end don't contact you. you talk exclusively to the tas.   this is true for the maths and sciences. english classes are small. maths and sciences have upward of 300-400 students in every lecture hall.
t3_1on2ad-t1_cctl2q7-cctmfis	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6096	i know exactly how you feel. my mom was the healthiest person i knew. she was always concerned about nutrition and exercised every day. then one day, she told us she was depressed. she was put on anti depressants, which made her very loopy (or so we thought). after a couple of weeks, her mood was better, but she was getting more and more confused. i wasn't living at home with my parents, so i only saw her on weekends. when i saw her like this, i told my dad to stop giving her the medication and he did. i slept at my parents house that night. the next morning, my mom was more confused than i had ever seen her (or anyone, ever). i started asking her questions like "did you eat breakfast?" she couldn't answer them. at lunch time, i asked her why she wasn't making herself lunch when she was hungry. she didn't know. my dad made her lunch and we took her to the er. a cat scan found a huge brain tumor taking up most of her frontal lobe. an mri found a second. she had brain surgery two days later to remove the larger tumor. she survived it, but never came back. her personality, most of her memories, most of her ability to think, were all gone forever. one week later, another mri was done. the larger tumor had already started to grow back. two weeks later, she was dead. she went from sane and healthy to dead in 6 weeks at age 54. sorry that was really long. if you want to talk to a stranger who has gone through something similar, i'm here. good luck.
t3_1vsdyl-t1_cevj867-cevkq1x	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	it was quicker than it could have been, but it was pretty awful.  for a few months before we found out she was sick she started having debilitating headaches that were bad enough to make her vomit.  her personality had changed a lot too.  after they removed the tumor she was back to herself for a few hours.  later in the night she started acting strange and stopped making sense when she was talking.  later in the night she starting seizuring that caused massive brain damage.  they had to pull the plug.    i guess there were cancer cells all through her brain that reacted when they removed the tumor and thats what cause the seizure.  if they never had the surgery she would have lost her mind before she died so it's better that she went when she did.
t3_1cgey5-t1_c9g97wq-c9ggle6	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7541	my cousin had a tumor on her brain stem.  when they removed it, the nerves (or whatever the technical term is) that send the signal that your stomach is sated were injured.  she was incredibly skinny and fit before the surgery, but rapidly gained weight afterwards because she had no awareness whether she was full or not.  had to seriously adjust her diet and ignore her constant hunger cravings to get back to normal weight.  she still feels hungry all of the time.
t3_1e08x3-t3_1e08x3-c9vp29p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not sure how satisfied as much as wtf was she thinking, but there was a woman in our group of military wives who said she had a brain tumor. she wore scarves and was always asking people to watch her son while she went to appointments. later she got pregnant and everyone brought her food, cleaned her house, watched her son for free, etc. halfway through she told us she was having twins but one of them died and they needed to remove the baby, but the other one was ok. so even more help from everyone. she had the baby, went home to australia for a month, came back "cured" from her brain tumor but now her daughter was sick. long story short, she was basically starving her, but we all took the kids and cared for them while cps was investigating her and come to find out, no tumor, no twin and she was just very mentally unstable. they gave up parental rights without even trying to keep the poor little kids.
t3_3qtlm3-t3_3qtlm3-cwi7uju	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7555	i'm so sorry about your mom. i had brain cancer (anaplastic astrocytoma) but not a mets when i was in my early twenties. cancer sucks ass. i can totally empathize. i can't answer your questions about tramadol but i'm sure that there's someone here that can. good luck to you and your mom.
t3_2xjus3-t3_2xjus3-cp0woog	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5263	practice your responses to things you know will come up.  determine what your boundaries are and how you will enforce them, and practice those.  if going to their house is a trigger, don't go- meet them in neutral territory. we make my nlaws come to our house most often, because their house is a depressing place to be, and they are both very comfortable being hostile and acting like assholes in their house. they behave better in ours.  we always try to invite my husband's uncle along to family gatherings too, because most importantly, we love him- he is a nice person and one more person they will unconsciously behave better around. my husband's son (an adult) is also a good person to invite, because they try a little harder when he is there too. he's actually a secret ninja too, because as long as i have known him, i have never once seen him take any of the bait the ns dangled before him. he met them when he was 14 (because they'd caused his mother to flee with him when he was a baby with their hostile n shit that had to have been far worse when they were younger and not physically ill.) i watched that kid adeptly deflect my nmil's invasive questioning and "oh poor me" shit. seriously, he's a legend in this house.  you can say tings like "we need to change the subject now, mom, because that is just too painful." and there can be a consequence if she won't relent- you can say "you know, mom, i asked you to change the subject with me, but since you're stuck on this, i'm going to go now. i'll see you later."   you can set limits on things like phone calls and their duration. "well, i'm glad you're doing alright, mom. that's good to hear. i need to go now, and i'll talk to you next week." or "i'm sorry that happened, and i hope you feel better soon. i'll talk to you again next week."  it's hard, but we do it. nmil has been fighting stage 4 lung cancer that did spread to her spine and brain. treatment is amazing these days, and she's going to get some cancer-free years out of it. she's made it an emotional bullshit struggle at every stage- harping on some thing about how we all have to decide if she gets the treatment or not, and going through a repeat of that at every stage of treatment. we're now on the last bit where all she has to do is get radiation therapy to knock out what is in her brain. her prognosis is very good and she should be celebrating that and looking forward to say 5 years of good life. instead, she's going around telling everyone she encounters "i have brain cancer." there's no changing this sad sack personality. she will spend the rest of her life telling people what they should feel sorry for her about. she taught us one thing- life is too short and we're not playing that head game. it's not at all cruel that i ignore her "i have brain cancer" statements and ask her if she wants more mashed potatoes. she is the cruel one. she wants her whole family to sit around with long faces and cry and wail and weep for the rest of her life. she wants many unreasonable things. we can't give them to her.
t3_42i1u2-t1_czalvua-czb2vs3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a boss that faked brain cancer to get attention from a girl/coworker whose grandmother had just died of cancer. i was hired after the whole thing had started, but it was the "office secret" kind of. he had told her one night and told her not to tell anybody. of course she did.  so, he was getting a lot of questions about chemo, surgery, etc. he eventually took four or five days off and said he was having surgery. he came back to work with his head shaved and a cut along the side of his scalp. it was obvious that it wasn't nearly deep enough to be a surgical scar and that's when everybody figured out he was lying. he immediately quit and moved half way across the country and that's the last any of us heard from him.
t3_1n3k0o-t3_1n3k0o-ccf4kio	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8097	have had headaches, forgetfulness and dropping stuff a lot lately. i have had one uncle die from brain cancer and his brother also has it now. my father (the 3rd brother) had stomach cancer. scared shit right now to go any where near a doctor. but i go back and forth between "i have always been a little clumsy" or "you're just getting older" to "omg i might have brain cancer".
t3_480kzq-t3_480kzq-d0gtb5o	brain_cancer	relevant	0.569	i'm sorry to hear all that, i have a type of brain cancer (grade 4) and it does get very hard to continue being yourself. the people around you have their versions of you in their minds and when you can't live up to that anymore it's almost like you're disappointing them. your father is doing extremely well!! don't give up hope. he may seem like a different person but he's still your dad that loves you with all his heart.
t3_1bqn39-t3_1bqn39-c995diz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[some in my family are just as nuts. my aunt and uncle actually believe my cousin's brain tumor made her gay.](http://i.imgur.com/hgnpixh.png)
t3_3l5l0o-t3_3l5l0o-cv3oj02	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	not really an everyday technology, but a cure for cancer would be nice. i was diagnosed with brain cancer at 19 (i'm 21 now), and, although i'm doing really well for the type of cancer and stage it was in, there is always a possibility it comes back. and when cancer comes back, the treatment isn't the same as the first time. the first time, i received more than a lifetime's worth of radiation to my brain, so they can't even do radiation again (which wasn't too bad compared to chemotherapy). instead, they can only give me chemo if it comes back, which was the worst experience of my life for a year straight.   so if they could come out with a cancer vaccine or treatment that would make it so i never have to worry about it again, i feel like i could finally get on with my life and put all that far behind me.
t3_4naizr-t1_d43litz-d43lqke	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;you havent made a point slick.  oh i have, you're clearly too daft to understand.  op put himself in a vulnerable position and has suffered the consequences.  https://www.google.ca/?ion=1&amp;espv=2#q=prevent%20home%20theft  &gt;this theft was at minimum pre-meditated  ah, you're a psychic.  &gt;so closing the door wouldnt have done much.  i have stage 4 brain cancer now.
t3_4wwh63-t3_4wwh63-d6b6y9h	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7582	lots of people in this thread seem to think that their brain functions in a known, rational way.  what you think you see isn't actually what you're seeing, it's what your brain is feeding to your conscious mind.  if the part between the eyes and the conscious starts sending complete garbage, the conscious doesn't know.    i have seen the effects of late stage brain cancer on a family member and it's crazy and heartbreaking.
t3_1ai5il-t3_1ai5il-c8xn6jq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're a very brave girl and an inspiration!  your body is beautiful. i have brain cancer myself, and it truely makes me happy when i see someone who can take their disease and not let it own them.  you're very beautiful and wear those scars with pride!
t3_22vyyk-t3_22vyyk-cgve0wa	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.681	my daughter was diagnosed with an optic glioma, also on her chiasm, when she was 3. she is now 23 with no loss of vision.  she was treated with chemo (carbo and vincristine) when she was 10 .  and last week she started treatment, also chemo (this time avastin and irinotekan), for a brain stem glioma.    the nf specialists we've taken our daughter to have generally advised against radiation because nf patients are more prone to risk of secondary cancer from radiation later in life... but they did discuss radiation, so it wasn't  a black-and-white... "no radiation for nf kids" response.  do you have access to a nf1 specialist?  all the best.
t3_3vjjr9-t1_cxo54x5-cxoszbc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8108	my mom took care of my grandma when she started to get dementia.  she started to slide pretty fast after my grandpa died of a brain tumor and it was really hard on my mom.  none of my aunts and uncles really helped that much, my mom moved in with my grandma when she was still sort of able to do things herself which meant my parents were living in separate houses for about a year.  eventually they put grandma in a home where she spent the last year or two before she passed away.  my grandma had just given up on life after grandpa died; she didn't want to think about him being gone.  that sort of stuff really weighs on a person and i know it's been pretty hard on my parents. i'm still not sure what i can say or do to help, even years after grandma has passed.   anyway, do what you can to keep yourself healthy and happy.  i'm not sure what i would do if i was in your situation but i know it's not easy.
t3_3t03ve-t3_3t03ve-cx3h2lh	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5867	but wait, there's more!  smoking is great and my number one way of self-medicating with my cannabis. but! i liked smoking it before i knew i had brain cancer, so i didn't find adapting to the short term high/smoking process at all difficult.  for those who haven't smoked and aren't certain about it/don't like inhaling smoke there are tons of options!  the first to look at for nausea is the vaporizer. i personally recommend the volcano for at home, and the pax for portable. set to a cool but effective temperature they can give you the positive feelings you are looking for without coughing. they also let you monitor how much pretty easily and control how "high" you will get.  another method, imo the most effective, is edibles and tinctures. there are many ways to address this, herb based vs oil based, food vs tincture/capsule, strain/phenotypes included, etc. the options keep going. for people on chemo, probably the best (the one best for me when i was on) was a high quality tincture. a small amount put in your mouth under the tongue gives a real nice relaxing body buzz.  that's the big difference of eating vs smoking. much more body buzz with eating, which definitely helps with sleeping and nausea.  a real point too... be careful where you get your cannabis! some, most, is clean delicious medicinal herb. it's possible though to grow it dirty, leave pesticides etc in, or treat/spray it for marketing. it's not common and hopefully you shouldn't have to worry about it, but the more you know about what strain you've got, where it was grown, and how it was grown the better.   hopefully there is a compassion club around for most members facing cancer in their community. for canadians who don't know/trust their local supply there are lots of great online dispensaries. some require full government prescription, others are more bc liberal and can work with just diagnosis. you can get some of the best bud in the country at your door incognito.  and let's all hope for legalization/medical insurance coverage before too long!!!
t3_2h50uk-t1_ckplxxq-ckpvzm6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as someone who actually had a bout of hypochondria, it is -not- fun. it actually affected my marriage for the time it was going on because my wife had a hard time dealing with my constant state of panic.   you know when you read on webmd that your cough is "probably just a cough or lung cancer!!!" and you're like "uh...yeah, it's just the regular cough"?  when you've got the hypochondria going on, when you have a pain your brain just won't dismiss the bad things. i had a headache and for the next two days i was worried i had brain cancer, or that i may die any moment from an aneurysm. i had back pain and thought i probably had cancer in my lymph nodes there. my hand hurt and i thought somehow i'd developed rheumatoid arthritis.   it was a really miserable time. i have no idea exactly why it stopped, but i just woke up one day feeling better and i was able to push the negative thoughts out of my head. i recognize a lot of people don't have that sudden change back to positive, but i'm glad i did.
t3_t3hyv-t3_t3hyv-c4jcnq1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5151	growing up, i was a slight hypochondriac. never unreasonably, but i was imaginative. more often than anything, i considered the curiosity that i had a brain tumor. i would wonder if a person would know they had one, what it might cause, and how it could just be there without anyone knowing.   well last year i had a seizure. turns out i had brain cancer. a golfball sized tumor in the occipital region with dendrils that extended to the spinal column. so basically i was right. it was there, doing nothing. doctors said they couldn't be sure how long it was there, but they estimated between 5 and 15 years.
t3_1pozjy-t1_cd4kyhb-cd4l2sf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6633	i have seen what brain cancer does to over a dozen people. i work on a lymphoma and leukemia ward as a nurse. if he is getting chemo for it then i feel worse for the guy, but if he has a year to live then he probably isn't getting much done about it and won't have to deal with the torture of that. in the end he will die and no longer the in pain, while the victim will live on with the psychological scars that potentially haunt her for life.  imagine a life where sex only brings you pain. ruins relationships, nightmares. i wouldn't want either but my point still stands.
t3_2mo36l-t1_cm65hhe-cm66uj3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.507	/u/comoutsid322 said:  &gt; i don't believe this. i had a friend with brain cancer that would smoke weed everyday and smoking weed made his affects look worse!  &gt;with brain cancer he could barely walk, when he smoked he would stumble around aimlessly. weed didn't help him at all.  &gt;"let's adults make adult decisions" so you can act like little kids?? that's what marijuana does it makes you act like a little kid.  &gt;you're like a little kid crying because your mother won't give you that one piece of candy at a store... i think as adults people need to wake up and realize that one object isn't going to solve everything.  &gt;it's one item where there are plenty of legal substances.    sorry about your fake friend.  his case doesn't de-legitimize the science surrounding potential medical uses of cannabis.  only one acting like a child here is you. calm your tits.
t3_3b5kxn-t3_3b5kxn-csj2f3n	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	man, i've had too many dreams where i was diagnosed with brain cancer to not actually get brain cancer. that death really wants to take me. if i don't die from brain cancer, imma be pissed. i mean, he fought so hard for it.
t3_2l3qwf-t3_2l3qwf-clr8pjj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6727	my grandmother was cared for during her declining years by my aunt and uncle and my brother.  after ten years during which my mom and dad never called her or wrote her she decided to cut my parents out of the will. she was a millionaire.   my brother told me that they all tried to convince her to not cut them out and to call my parents but she would not be swayed.  when she died and my parents found out they started a lawsuit against my aunt and uncle (mom's brother) to contest the exclusion saying she was pressured when she was not. my parents lost the lawsuit.  then my uncle was diagnosed with brain and lung cancer and given two weeks to live. my brother called my parents asking them to bury the hatchet and make peace but they would not listen. my brother asked for my phone number or address so he could contact me and say my good byes to my uncle who was good to me. my parents said they neither had my address or phone number. a total lie. they had both. my number was unlisted and finally my brother managed to go through a bunch of hoops to get my number from pacific bell and managed to call and let me know almost two weeks after my uncle died. till the day my parents died they never spoke to my aunt nor did they apologize for their actions.   greed and pettiness seems to know no bounds.  edit: thanks kindly for the reddit gold!
t3_4iolyr-t1_d305yo0-d308atu	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i just blacked out and woke up in the hospital. there are different kinds of seizures, but yeah, apparently i was conscious and flailing around nonsensically. i was taken to the hospital and put in a medical induced coma for about a day. this actually prompted a ct scan, which found a tumor in my brain. don't fuck with research chemicals kids. i have been treated for brain cancer. i'm 2 years out of treatment and everything seems to be going well, but constant monitoring is still necessary.
t3_2ysg8t-t3_2ysg8t-cpd17es	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6611	sad news. my uncle's brain tumour is tumour**s** and non-operable. today's surgery cancelled and radiation will be attempted instead. unfortunately the original prostate cancer was advanced when it was diagnosed so there was probably a good chance of it spreading like it has. it sucks that such horrible things happen to good people.
t3_3dw27d-t1_ct9os2w-cta7wab	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i said "fund brain cancer research!" would you automatically think that i meant "and don't fund any other types of cancer research! those assholes can die a painful death!" do i have to say "fund brain cancer research too!" for you to get it?
t3_433dvn-t1_czf6nuz-czfbnak	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; yup, i know mine did. at age 13-15 i was interested in girls both romantically and sexually, without at all being interested in guys. in fact, i've never felt more strongly about a person than i did with my first major crush (a female). around about age 16, i sort of just started noticing guys more and became less interested in girls. i'd say at around 18, i couldn't at all think about girls in a sexual or romantic way. now (at 20) vaginas make me shudder, so i identify as gay.   stuff started at 16 for me too, only it wasn't at all gradual and hit me like a damn truck pretty much overnight. different outcome though, i pretty much stabilized into an equal sexual interest in men and women (though my attractions are very gender specific, i'm about the furthest from pan someone could get) and that's remained pretty much the same since i got it figured out.  on one hand, it was more analogous to getting used to an addition than moving into a new house, which would almost certainly have been more stressful. on the *other* hand it would have been nice to have been able to gradually get used to it, i seriously thought i had brain cancer or something at first.
t3_1uvzgw-t1_cemfdio-cemoca3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**[gitemstevedave](http://para.ms/reus/gitemstevedave)**: [^^original ^^reddit ^^link](http://www.reddit.com/r/conspiracy/comments/1uvzc3/a/cemo5wt/?cemfdio)  i have aspergers/adhd, but i don't think vaccines caused that, just like i don't think that eating a hot dog will give you cancer.  i have family members who have died of brain cancer who lived a lifestyle of total health, and family members who have smoked since the age of 17 who are totally fine.  i am who i am.
t3_47p2es-t1_d0erizt-d0f1al2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they said she had a brain tumor but my mother took her back home to scotland to see her vet and she was completely fine.   if i can wait with her to be spayed i will definitely be watching like a hawk to ensure she doesn't get pregnant.
t3_20k3mr-t3_20k3mr-cg43erq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my aunt had cancer and she was in a coma about 8 days before she died. it hadn't spread to her brain nor did it start there.
t3_f8xw8-t3_f8xw8-c1e930c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was 14 years old, back in 2000, my mother died right in front of my family and i... she was diagnosed with lung cancer, and passed on 6 months later at home, in her own bed...  she was in severe amounts of pain, the cancer had spread to her brain and she was basically in a coma...   we all stood around her bed, my sister holding one hand, me holding her other, and we told her how much we loved her, how strong she was, and we reassured her that it was ok, that she didn't have to fight anymore, and that she could let go and be with god...  i was only 14, it was the hardest thing i've *ever* been through.. my grandparents, my cousins, the entire family *made* me tell my mother that it was ok for her to pass on and that i'd be in good hands...   it was the most *difficult* thing i had to say and even though she could not respond, her eyes were closed, she had tears coming down her face and with the little amount of strength she had she squeezed my hand and took her last breath...  it was the most traumatic, lonely day of my life... the only thing i'm grateful for is that she passed with our entire family around her, expressing our love, and she is no longer in pain...  not a day goes by that i don't think about her in some way... some days i miss her so much it almost hurts to breathe... but i take comfort in knowing that she's no longer in pain and can rest in peace now...
t3_1jzj33-t1_cbjtwzd-cbjtyze	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah it's such bullshit.  i'm convinced i have brain cancer or something dire.  and that makes no sense because i'm a pretty healthy 24 year old.  i hate it.  drinking does help, but i'm already a borderline alcoholic and i can't exactly drink all day at work.
t3_3j4tay-t3_3j4tay-cuqe84a	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5965	everyone experiences things their own way.  i was actually relieved when i got my diagnosis since they told me i had stage 4 brain cancer first.  i'm also not very far along regarding issues, so i don't have as much to deal with emotionally as someone with more disability.    just focus on now and don't borrow grief from the future.  i refuse to mourn anything i haven't lost yet.
t3_3wzqi2-t3_3wzqi2-cy07un4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[current accepted list of ailments to qualify for medical marijuana  acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (aids)  agitation of alzheimer's disease  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)  arnold-chiari malformation and syringomelia  cachexia/wasting syndrome  cancer  causalgia  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy  crohn's disease  crps (complex regional pain syndromes type ii)  dystonia  fibromyalgia (severe)  fibrous dysplasia  glaucoma  hepatitis c  human immunodeficiency virus (hiv)  hydrocephalus  interstitial cystitis  lupus  multiple sclerosis  muscular dystrophy  myasthenia gravis  myoclonus  nail-patella syndrome  neurofibromatosis  parkinson's disease  post-concussion syndrome  rsd (complex regional pain syndromes type i)  residual limb pain  rheumatoid arthritis (ra) page 6  seizures, including those characteristic of epilepsy (starting january 1, 2015)  sjogren's syndrome  spinal cord disease, including, but not limited to, arachnoiditis, tarlov cysts, hydromyelia, syringomyelia  spinal cord injury  spinocerebellar ataxia (sca)  tourettes syndrome  traumatic brain injury (tbi)](http://www.illinois.gov/gov/mcpp/documents/dph%20faq%20080814.pdf)  [note that ptsd, ibs and others are not there yet.  they are currently being recommended by a board.  they ought to be pushed more of course](http://www.illinois.gov/gov/mcpp/pages/default.aspx)
t3_1f9mg8-t1_ca87ysr-ca88e1v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	singapore isn't a country being referred to. and there's no straw man argument in what i've said.   if i had brain cancer i'd want to be somewhere i can actually get treatment. the best treatment in the world does me zero good if i can't get it.
t3_4ea4g2-t3_4ea4g2-d1ylo5b	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6673	my mother was recently diagnosed with terminal cancer. she has tumors in her lungs, brain, stomach, and arm. her breathing is extremely shallow, and she has permanent double vision because the brain tumor is pushing on her visual cortex. i'm working 60 hours a week, and the little free time i have i spend at home trying to take care of my mother or just being around her. i'm 20, and she's only 44 years old. i can't feel anything anymore, and i don't have the time to gather myself. i know this kind of thing happens to a lot of people, and they usually get through it, but everything seems so much harder when it happens to you.
t3_365gl3-t1_craxszq-cs2io2x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"brain cancer" how does it feel now that pepi totally stomped froggen : )   i guess i have brain cancer to think pepi is better than froggen, afterall froggen totally stomped pepi's diana !!/s
t3_2b7p2u-t3_2b7p2u-cj2kv7c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7165	one of my best friends approached me in my driveway one night. he told me he had something to tell me, that he hadn't told anyone yet, and that i was the only friend that he trusted with information.   "noontoker17, i have brain cancer."  we went on a very long drive. he went on about how he's dealing with it, and that he doesn't want me to tell anyone or contact his family because *he* wasn't supposed to tell anyone just yet. he said they haven't actually figured out the cause yet. he said that while severe, it was treatable. i watched him cry over this.   i was heartbroken. i knew he would probably be fine, but i hated seeing my friend in this state.    almost a week later, a mutual friend of ours told me that about our friend having brain cancer.  i was confused because i thought he wasn't going to tell anyone.    we called his parents our of concern.   they knew nothing about it.   we confronted him... he was lying about having brain cancer for attention.  he apologized profusely and admitted he needed help, but i've never gotten over it.   i haven't spoken a word to him in almost six years.
t3_3ywtbx-t1_cyhdrjj-cyhqric	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6284	i have low grade brain cancer and i am a year into a clinical trial - phase ii. my oncologist told me there aren't placebos because they have so much data already so they are just comparing results to the data they already have from standard of care.  i have heard this is true pretty much across the board for primary brain cancers. unfortunately survival statistics haven't changed much in the last 30 years.
t3_42mif5-t3_42mif5-czbf7ze	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	ok, i'll look at this from my perspective.   i have brain cancer, i've had it since i was 12 (11 years).  it's recurred twice.  at no point during any of my treatments have i looked like a gaunt cancer patient. even when i had radiation i only lost a small patch of hair (about the size of a balled fist) which i could hide very well. i wouldn't base it off appearances.   even when cancer is terminal, there are cases of people beating it and going into remission. this is a big deal and usually accompanied by a great deal of celebration by the person.   the buzzing of hair is a little odd. as for the iv, typically when i get an iv you won't even see it, it's just a pinprick.  many times with chemo they get a port instead, though.  i don't know all the details, she could be playing off of sympathy. the fact is most long term cancer patients i know are fairly casual about their circumstances because they're used to it. i can't say for sure one way or another, just be careful how much of this you base off of her 'looking sick'.
t3_4bagc5-t1_d17lbzg-d17ryqo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i fucking hate them. i have the ability to not go full panic attack but i fucking sit there feeling uneasy for like 20 min its fucking horrible. i sit there and i try to remind myself its just anxiety but any little body itch or pain or ache makes me go full house mode and think i have brain cancer or am having a heart attack.   for fucks sake i hate anxiety
t3_2alez1-t1_ciwb34z-ciwx38p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had tv in my room always on, and my parents couldn't understand why and switched it off and eventually took it out of my room. few days later they thought i had brain cancer because i got really bad headaches.
t3_1cgey5-t1_c9g9dju-c9gbfou	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6396	this.  my little cousin has a brain tumor a couple years ago, and it completely changed her personality and social awareness...sad really.  very happy she is still alive, but she turned into a brat.
t3_2upmaa-t3_2upmaa-coanfz1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel like this would be a great premise for an snl skit. he goes to the hospital to visit sick children, and all they do is bust his balls about the interception.  wilson: hey little girl how are you doing today?  cancer kid: well i have inoperable brain cancer and my seahawks lost the super bowl on an ill-advised pass play on the 1 yard line. one of these things is a great tragedy, the other is cancer.    wilson: hey little boy, how are you doing today?  leukemia boy: well i have leukemia and have been robbed of my childhood. but it could be worse, i could have been the idiot to call a passing play on the 1 yard line when i have the best power rb and rushing qb in the league.
t3_2nzks8-t1_cmicohn-cmid4z7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"son and i" "she" obvious fake story to op : most people are going to make fake stories, i can even give it a try. "i've been trying to play archeage for all my life, i had brain cancer last week, i finally got surgery and had it fixed, now i can play archeage but my family is in a financial loss and i do not have enough to pay for patron, letting me have the account would let me get the start i need because i have lost the chance to get even with everyone else playing :( " (ps: i want the account too)
t3_3shw6a-t1_cwxhtmw-cwxj062	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey, i care about your chronic pain cause i live with chronic pain as well. i recently just lost my last circle of friends because of my depression and they are pulling at straws to make me seem like a horrible, depressed person without considering that i feel like i'm being stabbed every minute of the day. i really upset my mom one day when i told her i wish i have brain cancer or a tumor because at least they were considered curable.  it upsets me that others wake up, live, and go to bed at night without crippling pain, but it's just my jealousy. i often question to myself why others are depressed when they have a seemingly stable life while i have to pretend like i'm not feeling like i'm getting run over by a truck. i feel bad about it.
t3_3ggg1m-t1_cty08jm-cty14n0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7692	my daughter has had 7 brain tumor surgeries. if we hadn't had good insurance [through my job], we'd have been finacially ruined.
t3_1ozb9y-t1_ccxab9s-ccxai72	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been through real pain, but that's not my point. sure, if i had to choose between the worst imaginable physical pain or the worst imaginable emotional pain, i wouldn't choose to have the physical, but that doesn't mean the emotional isn't serious. it can be quite crippling as well, and trying to make someone see differently with an anecdote like that feels to me like saying "oh, you have breast cancer do you? boohoo, i have prostate and brain cancer, go cry me a river".  my point is, don't make light of emotional damage. physical pain might be worse than emotional pain at times, but that doesn't mean that emotional pain can't be absolutely crippling as well.
t3_2o00oi-t1_cmwl7ih-cmwmb0u	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	thank you for your note!yes hope is real! 2 years ago, i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer at the age of 39! i was given 6 months! today,2 years later i just renewed my nursing liscence so i can start back to work! and i look pretty damn good for a dead person :) my thoughts are with your father in law! merry christmas
t3_4wbq6z-t3_4wbq6z-d65vjbn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.84	nice. my aunt was just diagnosed with a butterfly glioblastoma and it's not looking good. hopefully she can recover like you.
t3_17a7rr-t1_c83o7a9-c83ot7r	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8342	i was aware of that song and video but have never actually watched it...i'm not sure how i got through the whole video but i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.
t3_3e4zm7-t1_ctbooxj-ctbpc4s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	nah he's totally helping.  look at [this guy](http://i.imgur.com/inbowao.jpg)...i bet he has the worst ~~glaucoma~~ :  edit:    acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness   alcohol abuse   alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)   ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa  anxiety disorders  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis   arnold-chiari malformation   arteriosclerotic heart disease   arthritis   arthritis (rheumatoid)   arthropathy, gout   asthma   attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (add/adhd)   autism/aspergers   autoimmune disease   back pain   back sprain   bell's palsy   bipolar disorder   brain tumor, malignant   bruxism   bulimia   cachexia   cancer   carpal tunnel syndrome   causalgia   cerebral palsy   cervical disk disease   cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy   chemotherapy induced anorexia   chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy   chronic pain   chronic pancreatitis   chronic renal failure   cocaine dependence   colitis   conjunctivitis   constipation   crohn's disease   crps (complex regional pain syndrome type ii)   cystic fibrosis   damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease   degenerative arthritis   degenerative arthropathy   delirium tremens   dermatomyositis   diabetes, adult onset   diabetes, insulin dependent   diabetic neuropathy   diabetic peripheral vascular disease  diarrhea   diverticulitis   dysthymic disorder   dystonia   eczema   elevated intraocular pressure   emphysema   emphysema   endometriosis   epidermolysis bullosa   epididymitis   epilepsy   felty's syndrome   fibromyalgia   fibrous dysplasia   friedreich's ataxia   gastritis   genital herpes   glaucoma   glioblastoma multiforme   graves disease   headaches, cluster   headaches, migraine   headaches, tension   hemophilia a   henoch-schonlein purpura   hepatitis c   hereditary spinal ataxia   hiv/aids   hospice patients   huntington's disease   hydromyelia   hypertension   hypertension  hyperventilation   hypoglycemia   hyrdocephalus   impotence   inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis   inflammatory bowel disease (ibd)   insomnia   intermittent explosive disorder (ied)  interstitial cystitis   intractable pain   intractable vomitting   lipomatosis   lou gehrig's disease   lupus   lyme disease   lymphoma   major depression   malignant melanoma   mania   melorheostosis   meniere's disease  motion sickness   mucopolysaccharidosis (mps)  multiple sclerosis (ms)   muscle spasms   muscular dystrophy   myasthenia gravis   myeloid leukemia   nail-patella syndrome   neurofibromatosis   nightmares   obesity   obsessive compulsive disorder   opiate dependence   osteoarthritis   panic disorder   parkinson's disease   peripheral neuropathy   peritoneal pain   persistent insomnia   porphyria   post concussion syndrome   post polio syndrome (pps)   post-traumatic arthritis   post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)  premenstrual syndrome (pms)   prostatitis   psoriasis   pulmonary fibrosis   quadriplegia   radiation therapy   raynaud's disease   reflex sympathetic dystrophy   reiter's syndrome   residual limb pain   restless legs syndrome (rls)  rheumatoid arthritis   rosacea   rsd (complex regional pain syndrome type 1)   schizoaffective disorder  schizophrenia   scoliosis   sedative dependence  seizures   senile dementia  severe nausea   severe pain   severe vomiting   shingles (herpes zoster)  sinusitis   sjoren's syndrome   skeletal muscular spasticity   sleep apnea   sleep disorders   spasticity   spinal cord injury   spinal stenosis   spinocerebellar ataxia   sturge-weber syndrome (sws)  stuttering   syringomyelia   tardive dyskinesia (td)   tarlov cysts   temporomandibular joint disorder (tmj)  tenosynovitis   terminal illness   thyroiditis   tic douloureux   tietze's syndrome   tinnitus   tobacco dependence   tourette's syndrome   traumatic brain injury   trichotillomania   viral hepatitis   wasting syndrome   whiplash   wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome   writers' cramp
t3_1dawln-t3_1dawln-c9onn9h	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it might seem silly but losing my dog. she was my best friend and i only got 5 years with her before she got a massive brain tumor and had to be put down. her name was china and she was the most amazing dog, she got me through some horrible periods of depression i don't think i would have survived without her.  i got through it with the support of my family but it was a really hard time and i still tear up thinking about her.  [this is my girl &lt;3](http://i.imgur.com/1v5uefz.jpg)
t3_2l42uv-t1_clrgk06-clrgtq6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5114	no. she had one of the most aggressive and deadly forms of brain cancer.   she was guaranteed to die. if you look at her mri, the tumor was covering almost half of her brain. and it was growing.
t3_2yqsg7-t3_2yqsg7-cpc3y3j	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7626	as i sat down at my computer, i recalled the doctor's visit that had changed my now short life forever. mere hours ago, the somber physician had informed me that i had contracted brain cancer. the tests were positive, there was no doubt: i had only months to live.  on the way home, i had plenty of time to think about it. such an innocuous series of events... who could have guessed it would lead to this? why me? surely someone else deserved it more? why had that sad excuse of a human being given his illness to *me*? but now, as i sat at my computer, i realized that, in some small way, i was to blame for this.  resigned to my fate, i jiggled my mouse and the screen jumped to life, displaying one of the countless threads on /b/. typing through tears, i carefully constructed my comment:  &gt;gtfo newfag that post gave me cancer
t3_1hnxu3-t3_1hnxu3-cawgfqv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a girl i went to school with got a brain tumor removed, and she gained crazy control of her eyebrows. she can make them do the inch worm thing and she can do the wave with them. she said it was totally worth being bald for 3 months.
t3_4qxanv-t3_4qxanv-d4x00ge	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.743	i developed a brain abscess during my last quarter of college. a week after my commencement ceremony, i came down with what were originally diagnosed as cluster headaches that lasted a bit more than a week. one particular morning, i woke up in incredible pain and very dizzy. i walked over to the toilet and threw up. my girlfriend and brother took me to the hospital where the doctor originally told us it was highly likely i had brain cancer and not to expect a good outcome. the last thing i remember is sitting in an er gurney with my mom and a family friend. i woke up in the icu with a 24 cm surgical incision on my scalp. the doctor told me it was a brain abscess and not a tumor and that i would be fine.
t3_2ps4bp-t1_cmzj2do-cmzneab	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6808	wow, this is almost identical to what happened to me. my mom had a brain tumor that they found when she slipped and hit her head at work. she immediately went into surgery and fell into coma after. even when she woke up, she was blind (but constantly hallucinating the world around her), couldn't remember where she was, how old i was or why she was in a hospital.  i can definitely relate to those feelings you described though. i always felt this combination of guilt from being glad when she died and her suffering ended, and relief knowing that my family could move on and try to live a normal life without her.       im sorry you had to go through that, but i'm glad you're doing better now!
t3_q99od-t3_q99od-c3vteht	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here is the text from this meme pic for anybody who needs it:  &gt;title: cancer is the answer to everything.  &gt;meme: first day on the internet kid  &gt;* searches symptoms on google &gt;* looks like i have brain cancer!  &gt;^[[background](http://imgur.com/pgnpb)] ^[[translate](http://translate.google.com/#auto||searches+symptoms+on+google+-+looks+like+i+have+brain+cancer%21)]  this is helpful for people who can't reach quickmeme because of work/school firewalls or site downtime, and many other reasons ([faq](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/comments/o426k/faq_for_the_qkme_transcriber_bot/)). more info is available [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/qkme_transcriber/).
t3_1r9m6k-t3_1r9m6k-cdl3k84	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if only my brother were still alive. while he was going through treatment for his brain tumor he played goldeneye religiously, and got ridiculously good at it.
t3_3jjfvc-t3_3jjfvc-cupqmg3	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6519	all for it, i have had brain cancer 4 times, i know the pains, and humiliation of having to be in the hospital. if you get to that point of machines keeping you alive, your wetting the bed, your bed ridden, constantly in pain, that's not living
t3_2ara8g-t3_2ara8g-ciy783v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8278	i had to cancel one time and knowing their bs i told them i had terminal brain cancer and that i had 3 months to live and that i was moving in with family who already had comcast. they wanted to know which family member so they could verify they had comcast..........  reality was i lost my job and had to cut back on expenses.
t3_2l4ju2-t3_2l4ju2-clsh4jb	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6642	since i'm not jesus i'm not going to judge her decision. nor have i had brain cancer to experience the horrific pain she has experienced ,as in her other video she explains the excruciating pain she has felt. her choice to end an already ending life is equivalent to 9/11 victims who jumped out windows because the fire was too hot, or the story of the soldier in the bible who was injured in battle and decide to end himself
t3_1lou8k-t3_1lou8k-cc1j58g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she lied. constantly. when she started saying she had lukiemia, her father beart her, she had a brain tumor and.topped it off with."my mother is a necromancer", that did it for me.
t3_1w3b7d-t1_ceydh9g-ceydt0m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm with you guys on this. my mother was diagnosed with a brain tumor just shortly after she became pregnant with me. therefore, my early childhood had many significant moments. i'm very sure i have memories as early as 3 and my mother died when i was 5. i definitely have memories of when she was around.  to me, seven seems like an extremely late or "safe" number.
t3_2yay92-t3_2yay92-cp7uefo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm really sorry that you and your mother are going through this.  as a mother with kids in college, i'm advising that you should stay in school, that's what i would want if it were me.  i have a nephew just diagnosed with brain cancer (he's in his twenties) so if you want someone to talk to, feel free to pm me.  wishing you all the best.
t3_1jta9f-t3_1jta9f-cbiayqw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7563	our goofy 4-year old big dog who's head smells like syrup (yeah we can't figure it our either), [landry](http://imgur.com/hszsbxo).  my little cranky 10-year old lady, [chloe](http://imgur.com/kqhezux). best hangover buddy ever. she will spoon with you all day on the couch and not judge you for still being in your pjs at dinner time. my friends call her an immortal because the vet thought she had a brain tumor (some of the muscles in her head suddenly atrophied)  and 6 months to live, that was 3 years ago. she just keeps on kickin'.
t3_1mdknc-t1_cc8aswy-cc8b19d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"man stands in front of tank during tienanmen square protests" as opposed to  "i have severe brain cancer and this is going to be my last bottle of milk in life" with a picture of a bottle of milk.
t3_7sbjm-t3_7sbjm-c07aap6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my aunt had a very similar case.  the doctors cut her scalp ear-to-ear, peeled her forehead down over her face and the back of her scalp down around the base of her skull, and then essentially cut the top of her skull off as if it were a cap.  they pulled her brain back (i think i remember them saying) about 1.5-2 inches out of her skull and then began to bore out the tumor from her eye socket, which they later reinforced with some sort of mesh and bone fragments from cadavers.  as well, the tumor was apparently wrapped around her ocular nerve, so they risked severe damage when they removed that.  my mom saw her the next day in the hospital and said she had never seen someone so swollen. "her eyes were sunk into her face a good 2-3 inches... like someone had punched holes in her skull where her eyes should've been."  honestly, one of the craziest surgeries i've ever heard of, but she survived and seems to be alright now.
t3_3862j5-t1_crtvq6s-cru72gc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can read certain types of things but not others.  for instance, i can read road signs but i can't read comic books. i can read labels on food but i can't read novels. i can read greeting cards but i can't read plays. i can read menus but i can't read textbooks.   i was able to read textbooks when i was 14. but then my brain slowly deteriorated and i can't read them anymore. :( at best, i can flip through them and read bits and pieces of them. a paragraph or two.   my doctors are baffled. they all say "i've got no clue what this is!!"  i've had two mris done to test me for brain cancer and alzheimer's. nothing unusual was detected. my mris looked fine.   so i still have no idea what is wrong with me.
t3_1x2li0-t1_cf7svom-cf7w8r2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8215	oh it absolutely is. some people need it to get through the day. personally, after a health scare where i thought i had brain cancer and would die within a year, the possibility of not existing anymore vs something that i know doesn't exist(god and heaven), i chose the latter. it made my days not seem awful and pointless.
t3_1sn9n5-t3_1sn9n5-cdzska3	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7516	just lost my sister to this 3weeks ago, grade 4 glioblastoma, she was only 27. brain cancer is an evil disease but don't lose hope bro!
t3_460rrq-t1_d01vorr-d020cxc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6673	this was basically 100% my mom's story. she was an alcoholic and heavy drug user from 11-a few months before she died. she got lung cancer and amazingly it was treatable and she didn't have to have chemo or radiation! but even after that she continued to drink and abuse drugs and smoke. her scans kept coming back normal and her cancer in remission. then she started acting very odd. she would have black outs, several hit and runs with her truck, even falling down randomly(once into a bon fire). we as her family thought she was just using more, and in grief from her husband dying 6 months prior. the final incident was she crashed her car three times in 10 minutes. hit a pole, drove off and ran some one over, then totaled her truck slamming into a stop light pole. after a brain scan they discovered a rumor that was taking up 30% of her brain. once again she was treatable. but she was sober and clean while in the hospital. possibly the longest run of sobriety in her entire life. it was amazing and the doctors were amazing! they removed the large tumor and a smaller one in her prefrontal lobe. other than a seizure she recovered and got stronger. they released her eventually and she went to live with my sister. everything was fine. memorial day weekend she went to a cook out and asked my sister to take her home, she wasn't feeling well. the next day my sister went to check on her and she was in distress. my sister called 911 and then called me. from the time she called to the time i got to the hospital (roughly 20 minutes) she was fully on life support. we took her off ls after a few hours and held while she died. moral of the story: a life of abusing your body will catch up to you. you can dodge several medical bullets but eventually your body gives out. they said that her organs just failed. they were so damaged from her life style that even though her tumors were operable her body wasn't healthy enough to sustain life. i urge every person to not smoke and drink and use drugs. cancer is hard enough to beat when you're other wise "healthy" sorry for the book i wrote but i feel very strongly about this subject as it hits very close to home.
t3_fibs5-t3_fibs5-c1gqjol	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5008	thanks everyone for all of your suggestions. i did get her an ipod when she was first diagnosed, so i'll download some books on tape for her to listen to.  an update - she just spent four days in the hospital - her most recent mri showed a tumor on her spine and another on her brain lining (which at least explains why she was having so much weakness and trouble walking) and a fractured vertebra. they've taken her off the oral meds she was on (since they obviously weren't working) and her appetite is slowly returning. i was able to visit and take her some treats on saturday and keep her company for a while.  she is undergoing a course of radiation to try to shrink the tumor on her spine. if that doesn't work, she will probably have to move into hospice.
t3_2n8opw-t3_2n8opw-cmbeeds	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	this could be a long post...(sorry in advance for mistakes using mobile) my grandma recently passed away in august. she passed from brain cancer.  she was born in thunder bay ont. can. her maiden name was ardelle munn. her original goal in life was to be a nun. that changed when she saw my grandpa, rolling up in his red ford galaxy 5000 convertible. they fell in love and had my dad. then, they moved to a small town called uranium city. they had one more child there. my grandma was a stay at home mom and my grandpa was a miner. after a few years, they moved to edson alb. can. where my grandma started a foster home. including foster children, she had 97 kids go in and out of that house. all but 3 have been successfull and have high paying jobs. every thanksgiving, christmas, easter and other holidays, she would find a family with no home/food and make them supper and let them stay over the night. she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2007. she was deemed cancer free in 2010. then, last july, she was diagnosed with a terminal brain cancer. no matter what the doctors told her, she always had a smile on her face. she would joke with the doctors and they said she was their favorite they had in a long time. she had that effect on people. in late july, things took a turn for the worst. she started to lose memory, and hallucinate. she would scream at night, because there were spiders in her bed and blindfolders. the doctors said that they can take her off medication and she could live 7 weeks, or leave her on it and and have 5 months. we left it on, and the next day she passed. her favorite thing was a butterfly. we caught some before the funeral, and let them go as they lowered the casket. at the time of her death, she had one child left in her care, my cousin, her last foster child. she defined a perfect woman. she had no flaws and was awesome. i love you grandma how i coped: i stayed with my family for awhile, and i was with my grandpa alot too. i found it easiest around them. tl;dr my grandma died of cancer. she should be a saint edit: grammatical issues
t3_4x1jkt-t3_4x1jkt-d6bvw2r	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	one man's opinion here.  i have brain cancer.  no sympathy....  i'm 67 years old, have kids grand kids so this kind of end of time for me isn't sad or a hardship. i think what has been said is good advice.  however, the thing i would advise, based upon my own experience is to avoid talking too much about the medical side.  do some normal talk that would go on if there was no cancer.  nothing is more wearing than repeating the details of the cancer treatments and their outcomes.    i appreciate humor and conversational interaction. one man's opinion
t3_k858y-t1_c2i7w47-c2i93b0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7975	hey!  my grandma was my grandpa's prof (yes, it was very strange then for a woman to have a phd) and they married and had a child together.  they were together for the rest of my grandma's life. (she died of a cancerous brain tumor several years ago)
t3_wpkqd-t1_c5fqhye-c5g1nce	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7558	i would like to have actual proof that you can actually sense that i have brain cancer when you and i don't even know where we are.  all you have on me is my reddit name.
t3_28mwwn-t3_28mwwn-cicgmps	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this can't be legit... surely this is some kind of sick parody??? i just stumbled into this subreddit and this is the first link i have opened.   it hurt my brain reading that drivel, so painful i have brain cancer now.
t3_3qk1e6-t1_cwfz91z-cwgfv3v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7366	i'm so sorry to hear about your wife.  i had brain cancer until 5 years ago and i can't imagine what it must have been like to watch her go through that.
t3_75xo7-t1_c05s057-c05s1li	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so if i'm on a waiting list for 5 months when i'm sick how is that better? at least it was free???  if i have brain cancer and i'm in the uk and have no money - i am basically fucked right?  &gt;that's because the us is still the world leader in technology*. when you have a complicated form of brain cancer, it makes sense to go to the place that has the most cutting-edge medical technology.  socialized healthcare stops this and stops competition.  you answered my question and backed up everything i was stating.  thank you.
t3_17j8zv-t1_c8687je-c8689dg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when she was little, her big sister had a brain tumor and downs syndrome. her favorite food was peanut butter cookies, and towards the end of her life, she was spoiled. now my girlfriend has an involuntary association between peanut butter and the tragedy that loomed over the house for months, even before her sister passed.
t3_2xfjiv-t3_2xfjiv-cp04xe1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6733	me and my sister are fairly sure our dad killed our mom, i'm glad he did though. she was terminal with brain cancer and told us numerous times she was suffering and wanted to die but the doctors were sure she had at least a year left. one night our dad was acting kinda strange and told us to tell her we loved her and the next morning she was gone along with all of her morphine
t3_3klnqm-t3_3klnqm-cv31zle	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7982	somewhat related - not exactly in response to what people say to him about his diagnosis but more so about his appearance.   my boyfriend is young and has brain cancer, in turn the long-time corticosteroids have bloated his face a decent amount and he also has a lot less hair than pre-diagnosis. he had someone checking his id at a hotel's happy hour who told him straight to his face "that doesn't look like you." he is never comfortable playing the cancer "card" but needless to say he immediately said to her "i have brain cancer." i don't think i've ever seen someone look like they pooped their pants harder than that lady.   that was only one of multiple times this has happened - once mid radiation when his hair was falling out on the right side (you can't buzz down your head until after because the mask needs to fit exactly) someone at a froyo place asked him if his hair was "a new fashion thing." another guy stared at his scars on his head for a good few mins and then felt the need to ask "what happened to you?" while standing in line at an ice cream place. it's amazing how many people don't think before they speak.
t3_2954ty-t1_cihisl4-cihmszo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6793	they don't take it well, do they? my grandma had a brain tumor and we had to stop letting her drive. my mother was staying at her house taking care of her. my mom calls me almost in tears, "have you seen or heard from grandma? i took a shower and she stole her car keys out of my purse and took her car and left".
t3_15k6p8-t1_c7n68ev-c7n6g1n	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dog just had started having seizures too, but they were from a brain tumor and he was too old and had too many problems to consider treating it.  it was a really bad christmas.
t3_4lg2lm-t1_d3ngtcc-d3ni2ka	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8075	my grandmother fought cancer for ten years, it went into remission and she was (or thought she was) in the clear for twenty years. suddenly, in her late forties, she started having memory problems. at first, she tried to hide it, but when she started having trouble remembering things like her daughter's name or what year it was, she finally went to the doctor and pushed for further screening. her brain was *riddled* with tumors. they gave her a couple months, at best. they went thousands and thousands of dollars into debt putting her through chemo. she didn't qualify for medical insurance because she'd first had cancer in her early twenties. preexisting condition, they said. after a few months of fighting, she just gave up. stopped treatment and told her husband and children she'd either die or she wouldn't, but she was done. she lasted another eighteen months after that. at the end, she thought she was a little girl. didn't know where she was, who her husband or children were, or why she was always hurting. she thought she was being held captive and they were hurting her. my grandfather once drunkenly admitted that he felt relieved when she finally passed and that the guilt never left him for that.   my mother likes to pretend she was unaffected, but it definitely influenced her treatment of me growing up. i guess i'm a lot like my grandmother. when i had my own cancer scare at the age of twenty, she put aside all her emotional bullshit and drove 600 miles to help me fight my insurance to get things taken care of. only time she's ever come through for me on anything.
t3_4zcu7x-t1_d6v4gwi-d6v5t9a	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7666	i have brain cancer that could very well kill me before episode 9 so you know, i wouldn't say no to seeing any of the movies early if things took a turn. be glad you're not in that position. it's the least of my worries, yes, but c'mon.
t3_4qeh7p-t1_d4sfwxz-d4tnuog	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8375	i had a friend who had brain cancer and surgery, they removed a section of skull and brain tissue under it. she wore a hat from the time of her surgery until they put a protective plate back for the missing skull section. imagine a big scoop out of one side of her head, skin sill over it, scar, but nothing round under it to make it look normal. she wore the hat for warmth, a little padding (no bone under it), so she felt she looked 'normal', and so other people weren't freaked out.   according to this rule (and your post), she was being rude. according to real understanding, she was being polite. i think a lot of etiquette rules are not only stupid, but are signs of people jumping to conclusions too fast, like wearing a hat only having one possible meaning, you must want to leave! rather than wearing a hat to keep warm, to look good (cancer patient and hair loss!), to feel self respect (my friend), for religious reasons, or a host of others.
t3_2ffiqq-t3_2ffiqq-cl8tjmr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been to the emergency room 2 3 times already... 1st time was for fear of having cancer or something wrong in my head becuase my head felt heavy and numb.. i went they tested and concluded that nothing was wrong with me.. 2nd time i went becuase i thought i had brain cancer, they did an mri scan cray bloodtest the works and still nothing was wrong with me.. 3rd time was really what done me in.. i was sleeping in bed one night and  when turning to my side i felt a very sharp pain.. i went to the restroom and that was the end if it.. the next day my insides felt very off and uncomfortable. like my intestinal track was shifted or whatever.. i went to the restroom after taking some pills for constipation, i discovered what i feared to be a parasitic worm in my stool.. about a couple days or a week before this incedent i had learned about parasites and melanoma ...  took the "worm strand" to the emergency room where i waited in terror becuase i thought i would be dead soon... i kept recalling my biology teacher saying that in rarrare cases parasites can even progress to infest the brain... after waiting i went to an actual hospital (sample in zip lock bag in hand) and i  got it examined by a doctor before testing and he said that it looked like it was unchewed unprocessed food. me being stubborn as i was challenged him and said, "but dont sometimes these things climb up into your intestinal tract and have bits cut off when pooping it out?" after that he said that since i seemed so concerned he would get the sample testep in a lab... i waited in terror crying sometimes for fear that i would die sometime soon.. results came back via email and said that it turned out to be "rare indigenous flora" (plant or vegie i ate from a salad.... after that i was so relived only to find that there was a mole growth in my left shoulder.. i feared and panicked telling myself  (how bad could my luck be.. do i let this slide or do i press on with diagnosis?) went to another doctor got it removed, sent to a lab, results came back as normal... i didn't have melanoma... and now i sometimes find myself struggling to think against the thought that my skin irritation or heavy headed-ness is still related to having a parasite... the struggle is real and seeing all these posts here does help give me closure in that nothing is wrong with me. it's all mental.
t3_32q06p-t3_32q06p-cqdyop1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh my god i'm so sad to hear that she passed... i've been following her on instagram since she got diagnosed. my grandma also had glioblastoma multiform. she seemed so cheerful even when she was sad :( i wish all the best for her little boy and her family.
t3_3fmkk9-t1_ctq1fl1-ctq1fpm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[**@thooorin**](https://twitter.com/thooorin/)  &gt; [2015-08-03 16:38 utc](https://twitter.com/thooorin/status/628243628901580801)  &gt; only just got back in, but i just checked esl's cs:go rankings and i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.  goodnight.  ----  ^this ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot  [^[contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=tweetsincommentsbot)[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
t3_42qppf-t1_czcdb6p-czcioxg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5196	wow kudos to you for following through and persisting with the investigation. i had brain cancer that two over two years and three surgeries to diagnose. my family doctor dismissed my extreme fatigue by saying "everyone is tired" and ushering me out the door.
t3_3erh07-t3_3erh07-ctic5lm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom saw her best friend die at work.  it was a normal day, they joked around and did their work. then all of a sudden she just started throwing up blood. 911 was called but her lung was hanging out of her mouth. she had horrible lung cancer and never even knew it. my mom said right before she died, she gave her a look that was a mix between shock and "help me." now that image is burned into my mom's brain forever. my mom has trouble keeping relationships now. i think it fucked her up really bad.  also... my mom still smokes. i don't know how she didn't drop it then, but she didn't.   r.i.p tracy...
t3_2k57wv-t3_2k57wv-cli253v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6678	i had a relative die of brain cancer a few years ago. not a pretty end as death can be a long drawn out process. maybe more so for the family, although no ones really knows how much awareness people may have while in a coma.   in the same situation i'd be doing the same thing. have in fact already purchased what i'll need.  i don't see the point in suffering and putting family and friends through such an ordeal.
t3_1ci4r3-t3_1ci4r3-c9guznt	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5041	one of my closest friends has grade 4 brain cancer and has lost no hair through all of his chemo treatments. can anyone explain this?
t3_2t1u8m-t1_cnv15ny-cnvedqj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had a panic attack exactly twice. the first time it was induced by some motion sickness playing a game that i've never experienced before, so i freaked out that i suddenly was violently sick and though i had brain cancer or something. the second time i took some pre-workout shit that gave it to me.   both times were the worst fucking shit ever, and i feel so bad for anyone who gets them regularly. i always heard about people having panic attacks and i just thought it meant you were scared of something and got really worried. i didn't think it was multiple hours of feeling like you could die at any moment, and yeah...that constant feeling like you're falling into a pit and it will never stop.   glad you're okay, man.
t3_2nhaon-t1_cmdnw8i-cme7cz7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5211	a lot less impressive but i had a friend similar to the princess. she told everyone she got a brain tumor( the really agressive type too) but never got any treatment or surgery. she was super energetic just a few months after dropping the news. her tumor never came up again. i guess she needed a medical incomplete on her transcript. "fell pregnant" but never talked about an abortion( but its plausible she kept quiet bc of stigma). told her bf she was in med school. she was not. now she is faking her judaism. told everyone her grandma was jewish .she went to a synagogue where she pretended to sing in hebrew. became head of the jewish club at her school somehow and i think she just came back from her birth right trip to isreal actually xd.
t3_1l4wi8-t1_cbvwz0k-cbwicbw	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i can definitely empathize with what you went through. my mother has an inoperable brain tumor which has manifested symptoms more or less identical to schizophrenia. they shrank the tumor with chemo and radiation, but now there is scar tissue from the radiation in the same spot her tumor was, and it continues to grow and cause symptoms very similar to what the tumor would have. lose/lose.   i'm sorry your family had to go through something like that, it's tragic and terrifying.
t3_4hitk4-t3_4hitk4-d2pvijh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	---  &gt; &gt; **http://imgur.com/a/myiab** &gt;  ---   *i am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*   ---  **it appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post.**   **please update the original post to include this information.**   ***do not delete this post - instead, simply edit the post with the requested information.*.**   ---  [report inaccuracies here](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot/) | [github] (https://github.com/ianpugh/locationbot2.0) | [author](https://reddit.com/u/ianp) | [locationbot statistics (not mobile friendly)](https://locationbot.info) | locationbot v2.1.1   ---  original post:  author: /u/unc1eruckus  **private student loan bankruptcy, undue hardship** &gt;i was diagnosed with brain cancer a year after graduating with my bachelors in 2011 am just now starting to be able to work, i have defaulted on every private student loan, what is undue financial hardship
t3_2b5zk9-t3_2b5zk9-cj2fsvh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8544	stay strong man, i still remember the scariest and saddest moment of my life was when my mom told me she had a brain tumor and the dr told her realistically she was looking at a year top, its been 4 years and thankfully shes still with us, fuck the haters and stay positive bro
t3_3m7v5q-t3_3m7v5q-cvcx2qz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not to sound heartless, but who cares?  even if i had brain cancer i wouldn't care.  let me die.  i know people have different opinions, but stuff like this just feels so asinine to me.
t3_66dlf-t1_c02zb4s-c02zbt5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.652	i knew a fat girl that got a brain tumor at a very young age.  it killed her.  it was very tragic, and she was a sweet person. there was no precedent in the family. thing is, she always used to drink diet coke.  it was pretty much all she drank.  she was 18 when she died.
t3_1ks3i8-t1_cbs2a0x-cbs3tzv	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom's er doctor tried to dismiss her symptoms as "hysteria" (she could tell from his attitude). turns out he missed the plum sized brain tumor call. and the reason she was in the er was because she was working part time as an rn with 25+ years under her belt. and the fucker still treated her like she was an idiot.
t3_4t2w34-t1_d5e77qy-d5e8pmi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she died of cancer at the end of november last year.  she'd been sick for two years and two other friends and i took care of her 5 days a week so that should could be home with her husband and daughter where she wanted to be.  right up until the last 5 days or so, she was in mostly good spirits no matter how bad the pain was (and it was really bad).  the last few days she declined very quickly and we were there round the clock, just stepping out of the room when she had family visiting so they could have one on one time with her.  when she finally passed, she insisted on having the people she loved most in the room with her and she was struggling not to go.  she had the most incredible will to live.  then she started seeing her mother, who had died when she was young, and said her mother was 'telling her how to die'.  i'm not a religious person, i don't presume to know what she was seeing, whether it was genuinely her mother or whether it was a hallucination from the meds or what, but it was eerie.  she started asking for seemingly random things, which turned out to be things her mother had worn or had near her when she died.  once she had them, she settled down and in the end, she quietly slipped away and her last moments were peaceful.  i'm so glad she had those final moments of peace.  she was a wonderful person, would do anything to help someone.  when she was going through her first round of chemo, my husband had a brain haemorrhage and she insisted on taking care of my stepson that first night so i could be at the hospital with him.  you could talk to her about absolutely anything and she'd just listen, no judgement, and always know the right thing to say.  she deserved so many more years than life saw fit to give her and i miss her so much.
t3_2mjmrq-t3_2mjmrq-cm4x6j9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7266	my sil just told me she did this. she was diagnosed with stage 4 brain cancer recently. writing her eulogy/obit put her at ease. it scared her parents, because the doctors are giving her 2-5 years, but it really made her feel better about the time she has left.
t3_1fw1pl-t3_1fw1pl-cafax03	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7396	i too have kaiser. i'm 23 and i found out i have brain cancer in august of 2012, with insurance, in just the past 2 months alone ive racked up 2 grand with of debt.  i have to get bi monthly bloodtests, which if used for "preventative medicine" is free. but if you need it to make sure chemotherapy isn't killing your ass... there's a copay.  the kaiser empire around california keeps growing...
t3_476lfa-t3_476lfa-d0bcpqr	brain_cancer	relevant	0.518	not my friend, but my little sisters friend from elementary school found out she had a brain tumor that couldn't be removed and died a few months later. she was only 14.
t3_x87yd-t1_c5k4b77-c5kfdrn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6772	i had a spanish teacher who got brain cancer and detiriated very fast, one day he shot himself in a park because he didn't want to do it home for his mom to find the body.
t3_3r150r-t3_3r150r-cwk1g14	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5416	tremendously sad, except for my maternal grandfather (i wasn't old enough to understand).  almost everyone in my family (up to grandparents) has had cancer and so far we're beating it. but, when it's been fatal and we knew in advance it's been pretty crushing.  when my father and i went to visit his mother in hospital after she received her death sentence (baseball sized brain tumour) she had the look of fear as if she couldn't believe what had happened to her. my aunt (*very* aggressive brain cancer; dx to her death was about 2.5 months) was just in physical pain. she knew what was happening and confided that she wasn't so upset to "reunite" with her late husband. but i was sad, she was awesome.  my sister beat thyroid cancer and my paternal grandfather and my own father beat skin cancer. i'm waiting my turn...
t3_4kafrv-t3_4kafrv-d3dtte2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	r u aware that she sat on the board for walmart and gave all of our jobs away to nafta? did you know that the 100000 jobs they created was from outsourcing and temp agancies being formed while they abolished the 100000 jobs that were worth keeping and changed the tax law to benefit outsourcing? she is the devil and im afraid trump sucks less.  i have brain cancer now
t3_3eocq6-t3_3eocq6-cth56sz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6738	in june, my daughters were both placed on the honor roll for school, my husband and i both received promotions and raises, i was asked to be a godmother for a good friends son, we celebrated our 16th anniversary, and finished our kitchen remodel.   i spent the next week convincing myself i had developed brain cancer because i was having intense headaches. dr. said i'm fine.  cherophobia is exactly the word i would use to describe my life.
t3_k25ze-t1_c2gy0tg-c2gy2gz	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7463	yes. i hope that my body dies before my mind. alzheimer's is truely sad. i experienced something similar with my mom when she went through full brain radiation to combat cancer for her last 6 months. watching her personality fade away was the hardest for me. i wonder what it was like for her. it must have been terrifying.
t3_1euawm-t3_1euawm-ca3y9l6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had a handful of them in my life. one was my then boyfriend being a complete a-hole and breaking up with me in a public place. he was very cold and heartless. woke up mid-panic attack.  dreamed i had brain cancer and watched myself chaotically run around during my last months trying to do...something. woke up crying and quit smoking (too scared of any cancer).  a few more i don't remember too well.  they usually get me down for a while. can lead to depression for me.
t3_2i44cg-t3_2i44cg-ckymmdd	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7953	i'm actually ok with dying in a couple months. i was diagnosed with a malignant brain cancer recently, and my odds don't look good honestly. my family and coworkers are in denial about that fact, and i can't bring myself to break their hearts. i've lived a good... albeit short life, but... at the end of the day i don't have any pressing regrets that i can fix. i'm ready to die if i must, just wish it was easier for them to accept that, so i could feel less guilty about messing up their lives when i die.
t3_1ax0xr-t3_1ax0xr-c91o1zz	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6765	i would only terminate if the disease or "special needs" would cause the child pain. i knew a little girl, who just passed away recently, who was born with a tumor on her brain and was missing another part of her brain.. she was not supposed to live past a month, but she made it to 14 months.   i just could not put my child through that. her name was isabelle, and she was constantly in the hospital and having tests performed, or sick,  and she had a hole in her neck from a botched spinal tap (ended up being why she died, she got meningitis from that hole that the parents were assured was closed... it wasn't.. shands hospital is not all it's cracked up to be.. they killed this baby before her time)    she was an amazing baby, but i couldn't put my child through that, and i know my husband and i could not handle seeing our child put through that.. the parents of little izzy are strong and amazing people, one of a kind parents.
t3_3jhf0e-t3_3jhf0e-cup6wtk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5016	i was diagnosed with a rare form of brain cancer that left my left side impaired. it has been severely difficult to play all xbox one games.i learned of the elite while watching the evo conference.  i think the elite  was heaven sent i am reaching out to you all so that i can get the elite  donated to me so i can play the games  more efficiently.  thank you for your time.
t3_2955pl-t1_cihlanf-cihm3cw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeahhhh, tkoz can go fuck himself. my mother worked as a nurse her whole life, and a year before she qualified for her pension she was diagnosed with brain cancer and had to settle for fucking ssi disability. doesn't pay the bills, still glad she's alive, but it's a fucking pittance for all the hardwork she did. but screw her for choosing to have her brainstem start eating itself, huh?
t3_max38-t1_c2zjakw-c2zjddj	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	well, doctors can be wrong. my own mother was diagnosed with stage 4 brain cancer and given 12-16 months life expectancy. that was 2.5 years ago and she is in remission/cancer free today. the direct result of an excellent brain surgeon, oncologist and radiation doctors on her case.
t3_2zf23i-t1_cpibd19-cpibfsd	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	her mom has some shit in her brain that might kill her something like a tumor or some shit also she has bad headaches and takes alot of non perscription painkillers most exedrin
t3_2vnvp9-t3_2vnvp9-cojbwhy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was living in tokyo at the time. but my dream turned the streets into the river-streets of venice. except they weren't rivers but rather waterslides going in each direction, and in order to exit you had to find a way to flip out.   then i went to a coldstones where the cashier told me i had brain cancer but he would cure it by injecting my leg with what looked like a syringe full of pez. i blacked out and woke up on a train.  on the train i found my friend, who looks more asian than anything, dressed up like some genie and he was telling me he would read my palm "for the small price of a handful of acorn shells"    wellbutrin dreams man...
t3_2eul2w-t1_ck394qa-ck3bq4d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i honestly don't think i would ever post something negative on a thread about someone dying. sometimes people haven't dealt with serious loss, maybe someone in their school died that they didn't know, or some 3rd cousin died, but never someone they really knew. i had a close friend who died of brain cancer in 5th grade, and this really affected me. i find it hard to be insensitive about someone passing after you have felt it. i have found that it only hurts more to be negative about things, and it's better to look at the positive side. he was really important to this community, even though he wasn't the most active. he probably meant a lot to his friends, family and even people that didn't try to be his friend. i don't really know who he was, but i know he was very important to everyone here, because many older players have come back to the subreddit to talk about him. i know that there is a place for him in heaven.
t3_1nweeu-t1_ccmpykm-cdkrbzk	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6731	hi, i'm sorry for your loss. my sister died this morning at 7am (uk time), she was diagnosed with a grade 4 glioblastoma on may 31st. the tumor was non operable and caused an increasing weakness down her left side and blind spots in her vision. she had 6weeks of radiotherapy+mild chemo pills. she then began a monthly programme of stonger chemo pills. after radio she got pnumonia twice and a blood clot on her lung. sadly the blood thinning injections she was on to rid her of the blood clot allowed for servere bleeding around the tumor, yesterday when i came home from work my mother and i were unable to wake her (she was snoring). the doctors told us there was nothing that they could do but she was unconscious and not in any pain which is a relief. she was only 27 years old and the best big sis anyone could ask for. anyways i just felt like reaching out to you because i know you've experienced a similar nightmare to the one that i'm going through.
t3_3931li-t1_cs03sn5-cs0bkh1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my cousin was dx with medulloblastoma at age 20. it progressed to stage iv and she passed away at 22. such a horrible disease.
t3_4qxanv-t3_4qxanv-d4x2f3v	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5089	i was in a medical indust coma for over 5 days. i have had brain cancer basically all my life. in february of 2014 i passed out and was technically brain dead twice for 8 minutes a piece and paramedics couldn't find a pulse either.
t3_1ios8x-t1_cb6ks48-cb6ksto	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so can the mind affect itself by thinking? if i have brain cancer, can the mind (which can conceptualize not having brain cancer) "cure" the brain cancer by affecting its physical reality through thinking?
t3_1z47ys-t3_1z47ys-cfqsqg5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't feel like an awful person. my grandma was diagnosed with the worst brain tumor you can get in july 2012, and i won't lie - i found myself wishing my mother had had the diagnosis instead. i'd be free of her now, if that were the case...  your mother cannot be saved in these circumstances.
t3_4i8s1q-t3_4i8s1q-d2w71ke	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think lots of people have, but some that might seem like they're dead are actually still alive.  i know this is messed up, but over a year ago i had a different account (pretty messed up right? haha, but seriously read on). on that account i had a rough patch in my life and i felt suicidal. i wrote about it on here how i was going to kill myself and then i didn't say anything. i just stopped posting for a month before deleting the account.  so not everyone has killed themselves. with the internet it's very hard to tell. like if i ever did die, i'm pretty sure no one would really know since no one close to me would post on the internet about it.  to anyone that was affected by what i did on an old account of mine, i'm deeply sorry. i regret it so much.  oh yeah and i also rang up a suicide hotline... this is the one i'm most guilty about. i lied to the person over the phone that i had terminal brain cancer and was going to kill myself. i talked for a while, but they said they had to go but told me i had to ring back. i never did.  it still haunts me to this day. that i put my own attention seeking behaviour above another person's emotional well-being. i don't know if they still think about me but i wish i could tell them how sorry i was. in some ways i wish i actually killed myself so that it wasn't fake. but i'll probably kill myself eventually, just not for a few years at least.  sorry i rambled on there. i hope this clears things up a bit.
t3_2coltt-t3_2coltt-cjhp1ew	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6675	by reading your post, i take it you're either a late teen or early 20s individual. please listen to what i have to say, as you are at a fork in the road in your life and which way you go will determine how content and happy you are in general from here on out. i am a 44 year old woman, 5'7", hourglass figure, lowest weight 118, highest weight 156, currently 135. i spent the majority of my life comparing myself to others and no matter what, was always "less than" and unhappy.  i would starve myself and never be good enough or pretty enough. it was when i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer that i finally saw the real me in the mirror.  i am beautiful. all of me. every flaw, every curve, it is me. if others don't want to look, they don't have to, but ya know what, my confidence is what makes people notice me. i'm happy and i don't have all of that negative energy on my shoulders constantly whispering in my ear that i'm not good enough. you are perfect cause you're you. please enjoy your life.
t3_f87ap-t3_f87ap-c1e127n	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6697	was walking and talking with one of my fraternity brothers and now fiance. my bro was talking about his financial issues. i guess he was running really low on money and i gave the joking advice: "well, you can always sell a kidney"  he responded softly "no, i can't. i had brain cancer in high school and ended up losing a kidney"  i didn't believe him (how can you be good friends with someone for 3 years and not know something like that?) so i laughed thinking he was joking. eventually he showed me the scar on his back and the scar on his head where the surgery was done, he also explained the reason he always grew out long hair was to hide the scar.
t3_2iaelg-t3_2iaelg-cl0wbg5	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5979	just got word from the doc, i have stage four brain cancer with only a week to live, and he said it was caused a large amount of radiation known as "op's post".  by rule i must upvote, as this is /r/cringepics. thanks for the cancer.
t3_42x7f0-t3_42x7f0-czduyep	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know how you feel. i racked up an almost 4,000 dollar hospital bill because i was convinced i had brain cancer at one point (turned out i was completely fine). had family worried and everything. embarrasing to say the least. just know that a lot of us have done similar things, and you're not stupid.  our brains convince us that we're dying, so for an anxiety sufferer, it's normal, i would even say expected, that you are going to make at least one unnecessary hospital visit in your lifetime.
t3_4vbrfg-t3_4vbrfg-d5xqpw1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8515	that's the thing, i have done everything i can to reimagine myself in the eyes of others, it's just that no one cares. freshman year i was annoying and sometimes offensive, and yeah, i was just a piece of shit no one wanted to talk to for good reason. sophomore year i got better in the beginning of the year but once it was about a week away i had to shave my head and tell people that i had brain cancer and needed surgery. that surgery temporarily made everyone love me for the most obvious reason on earth, but afterwards i got addicted to my anticonvulsant medication and started acting bipolar to the nth degree. eventually i got a recommendation from my brain surgeons and neurologists to start smoking pot and it kept me seizure free (even though i wasn't prone to them after surgery) and helped with my depression and anxiety, and now i like to think i've matured into a calmer person, but still everyone treats me the same. i eat less now, am trying to start exercising more, and am working on music and philosophy as rediscovered hobbies, but still everyone knows my name and thinks i'm exactly the same as i was before.
t3_wph5t-t1_c5fbxib-c5fcmdv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just got called a reasonable adult. insert stopityou.jpg. i live in ct, work in ri for a company in ma. in ma marijuana is decriminalized. in ri there is an extensive medicinal marijuana program and just had legal dispensaries approved. i have a friend with brain cancer and uses marijuana regularly to keep up appetite and fight nausea. it really works. i have seen it. i am unsure of the status in ct. over all i would approach it the way i feel. i can not control my kids actions but i can try to inform them. i would let them know that i smoked weed as a teen. i will tell them why i stopped. it was expensive, and life altering do to its legality. if you get caught you aren't getting a speeding ticket you are viewed as a hardcore druggie with a come nose and meth teeth. its kind of like, you really have to pee but can't find a bathroom so you pee on the side of the road. a motorist sees you with your dick out and reports you. if you get arrested you are now a sex offender and have to go on the list. for taking a piss! it frustrates me that an alcoholic is a person with a disease. alcohol is far more dangerous in my eyes than smoking weed. so my kids need to way their options. is it safe to do this? what are my chances of getting caught? what is the worst that could happen? based on those questions they make decisions of their own. my parents never talked to me about drugs until i was older, and it was only when my dad found an old roach i had saved under my mattress and forgot about. i was 23 and owned my own home when he found it. i read online and watched way too much true life on mtv. i could see that anything harder than weed could seriously end your life. losing control of your body for whatever reason has the same consequences. my parents always provided me with outlets to hold my interest. i had dirt bikes mostly. dirt bike parts cost money. i had a job at 14 to pay for parts. i did well at my job to keep myself employed to buy new bikes. i didn't have money for drugs, i needed money for gas! i find this part of my life interesting because i would say no to weed but jump over pickup trucks and off of cliffs for that adrenaline rush. i was really addicted to the adrenaline rush of going big. i still am today. i love action packed anything. shooting especially. i hope to pass my love of anything motorized, fire arms, or electronic onto my kids to keep their minds out of drugs. the kids that did drugs while i was growing up were the kids that didn't have anything else. if i got caught running from the cops on my dirt bike the consequences were less severe than getting caught with a joint. it is worth adding that i have a 9 month old daughter, unborn child is gender unknown at the moment (august 24th is our anatomy scan). i have every intention of teaching my daughter how to operate a firearm safely, operate a motorcyle/go cart. i don't care how boyish these tasks appear. girls like shooting too. my wife loves it but is not mechanically minded at all. however my wife is a damn good cook. that brings me to my next point. this is how i feel. my wife is even stronger about this opinion. she is deathly afraid of alcohol abuse and wants to educate our children from a young age that these things are not mysterious. they are just things people enjoy. experimentation without permission is punishable if caught. i will never condone illegal activities. this will hopefully teach kids to be sneaky and not get caught. my wife is very old fashioned, save sex for a real relationship, real women stay home and take care of their family. my wife does expect a proper housing and attitude out of me however. i hope our kids see these values and mimic them.
t3_11tg0n-t1_c6pijse-c6pjx92	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dog got a brain tumor which made her blind and then we had to put her down. she was only 4. saddest day of my life :(
t3_4nen7c-t3_4nen7c-d45qr2t	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	mine did. my wife had a massive seizure when she was 32. we soon found out that it was brain cancer and that she would die young from it. i had almost eight years with her and am thankful for it. but although i wouldn't trade it for anything, it's taken its toll on me. i was grieving the entire time because we never knew if she had six months left or six years. i don't think we wasted any of our time and it helped us focus on what's important but it was something i carried around with me constantly. and i don't think that's something you do for so long without it having a permanent and profound effect on you.   it was hard for me. she lost her carefree innocence, then she lost her job, then her freedom, then her ability to read, then talk, then her life. the main solace i take from it is that i was there for every second. she was never alone. but i'm not sure what i've become after the fact.
t3_n72ir-t3_n72ir-c36szlc	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow, this reminds me a lot of something that happened to me a few years ago.  i worked at starbucks, and i mainly worked nights, and the night crowds are usually either regulars or young people, and for a little while, this grouchy-as hell guy kept coming around.  every few nights he'd come in, bark his order at us, and not talk at all, he'd just glare at us while he waited for his drink and then he'd leave.  one night i was on register, and i see him, and while i knew he'd pretty much just be a dick, i figured, "why not have some fun with him?" so i tried to be especially friendly to the guy. as he approaches i give him a big smile and say, "so how are you doing tonight?"  "terrible! worse than last night, and i'll probably be worse tomorrow."  not the answer i was expecting, i didn't know how to respond at first, but eventually i said, "well it can't be that bad can it?"  "yes. it can."  "well what's wrong?"  "i'll tell you what's wrong. my wife and i own a farm. it's our livelihood.  we have to take care of it every day and we never get a day off, or else we won't be able to live. that's our life and we chose it. my wife got brain cancer last year, and since then she has been in and out of hospitals, and finally i got her back home and so i spend all of the time that i'm not working on the farm taking care of her, and whatever free time i have i spend researching surgery and brain cancer and caner in general because doctors are all fucking incompetant and don't know what the fuck they are doing. one doctor, i have had **one** good doctor, and all the rest are just assholes who are there for a paycheck, and she may as well already be dead to them. they don't care. they want to do surgeries and biopsies, but most research shows that biopsies in the brain have a high risk of spreading cancerous tissue, so i have been fighting them almost every goddamned time they make another stupid decision about how to treat her. i had to hire her brother to work for us on the farm because i don't have the time to do it all on my own and most days he flakes out and never shows up. i get about 3 hours of sleep a day, every day, and there will never be a day that i get more sleep than that until my wife has died, or been made well. nothing is going to get better on its own unless i do it myself, and nothing is going to just go away. i probably can't even do this all, i will probably lose her and eventually lose the farm, but in the mean time, i will keep losing sleep and working as hard as i can to keep it all together."  that's more or less what he said verbatim, but we talked to him for over an hour, so there was a lot more said than i was able to include. he continued to come in, and he continued to be generally not too pleasant, but he was markedly nicer than he had been, and we definitely didn't hold his demeanor against him after what we'd learned.
t3_1lncty-t1_cc1oi3v-cc1pfpf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7449	it's a terrible disease. i had a friend who died of brain cancer a few years back and my aunt is diagnosed with stage 4 cancer that spread from the stomach to the pancreas, lungs and liver. so i'm not disagreeing that it's a terrible disease that i personally would like to see cured for my family's sake.  that doesn't change the fact that cancer is responsible for 15 % of all human deaths every year. in the short term, curing cancer would be great. but curing cancer, heart disease, aids, diabetes and all the other terrible sicknesses would only speed up what will be one of the biggest problems for mankind in the next 100 years.   i don't like saying it, but if you look at it objectively, curing cancer doesn't exactly help mankind.  oh, and i'm sorry for your loss. i do know what cancer does to a person and i'm not saying that i would want anyone to die of cancer because i don't. i'm merely pointing out that i wouldn't want my grandchildren being raised in a world where dying of cancer wouldn't be the worst thing to happen to a person.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/human_overpopulation - read about it there.
t3_48s1da-t3_48s1da-d0m8mx5	brain_cancer	relevant	0.813	when i was a young child my mother and father got divorced, my mother remarried and had more children but my father never did. i am my fathers only child, and consequently, the only grandchild on his side of the family. my grandfather passed away before i was born, but my grandmother was the most amazing woman i've ever met. she was independent and strong and i idolized her for all her successes in life. she was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumor when i was in high school, and in order to ease her pain my father took care of her for 4 years until she passed away. she didn't want to go into a care facility or hospice and it killed her to give up her independence, but she allowed my father to take care of her. i visited her almost every weekend, and towards the end i would spend hours sitting by her bedside. one night she had a seizure, and when we brought her to the hospital she fell into a coma. for about a week she was in the coma, and one day when i went to visit she woke up for a brief moment. she looked at my father and i with this pain in her eyes i've never seen before, but she still managed to crack a smile through the breathing tube in her mouth. she was awake for all of 2 minutes, she squeezed my hand, fell back into the coma, and passed away the next day. it broke my heart. i've never forget the look in her eyes. she came back for one last glance to say goodbye.
t3_31nq4j-t3_31nq4j-cq3vba1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've seen this kind of thing before and it always struck me as being similar to the following:  "doctor have you considered there might be other causes for my head pain than the nail in my forehead? there are lots of conditions besides nail-in-head that could cause this. what if i have brain cancer and you're so focused on removing the nail that we miss it?"  obviously it shouldn't be blanketly assumed that the obesity is the only problem, but if someone is complaining of knee or back pain and they're carrying an extra 100lbs then it should at least be admitted that this is a likely cause.
t3_3rvcdu-t3_3rvcdu-cwrs3qw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i lost my partner that i met when i was 12. we were together for 3.5 years and she died from a brain tumor that she had to suffer through of the 2.5 years of our relationship. i am 17 now and she died 8 months ago and i don't cope with it my life is so empty and the only thing i want is her.
t3_4wzf0d-t1_d6cbsrb-d6cptb8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sorry to hear that man, and i meant no offence. i assume you are doing ok now, and am happy for you. i apologize for my insensitivity. i was a bit fucked up last night when i wrote the above comment, but i know that is no excuse. i had brain cancer as a teen and i do not take it as well as you when people make insensitive jokes and comments. again man...my bad.
t3_p67jv-t3_p67jv-c3mxus6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6962	i would try to approach it with more a sense of caution than nervousness. know that if your doctors are aware of anything, they know as well if not better than you do, what can be done. stay positive, and approach each new challenge with an openness to any outcome. don't build expectations, but accept realities. this technique save me and my family a lot of emotional trauma when i had brain cancer last year. i hope all goes well for you, and that you find comfortno matter what happens.   stay strong, but not foolish. it is natural to be frightened by mysterious diagnoses, but stay collected and reflect on your presence through your medical journey, whatever that may be.
t3_75xo7-t1_c05s1li-c05s5le	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; so if i'm on a waiting list for 5 months when i'm sick how is that better? at least it was free???  more anecdotal bull-crap. show me statistics or stfu. if the waiting lists were so bad, you'd think it would show up in the overall mortality statistics? people will die waiting for treatment. but it doesn't.  the one area in which the us health care system excels is survival rates for diseases like cancer. the difference isn't huge (10% or so), but it does exist. however, is that difference due to our competitive, free-market health care system, or the fact that the nih pumps $28 billion each year into research for exactly those diseases? remember, we spend more than twice as much, per capita, on health care as compared to the uk. if we were bad at everything, that would be pretty ridiculous, wouldn't it?  &gt; if i have brain cancer and i'm in the uk and have no money - i am basically fucked right?  no more and no less so than you are in the us.  &gt; socialized healthcare stops this and stops competition.  this is a baseless assertion. in a socialized health care system, the government would have no role in the development of medical technology, just as the insurance companies have no role in the development of medical technology in the us. companies like ge and universities like johns hopkins develop the medical technology, and these folks will continue to innovate and compete within their field regardless of who is handling the payments and administration.   you're right that a socialized system eliminates competition for the administrative side of things, but in practice our least competitive administration mechanism (medicare) has far _lower_ administrative costs than our privatized health insurance industry as a whole.
t3_f1trd-t3_f1trd-c1cmxqx	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6697	when my nanny was in the hospital, a catholic volunteer came to her room and asked her if she wanted to pray with her before her surgery.  my grandma was confused until she realized they had asked her her religion when she checked in -- she was actually pissed because she had been admitted with a brain tumor and had no idea what she was saying at that point...
t3_1lwwn2-t1_cc3jl8f-cc3o7d9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.75	on my eleventh birthday, i was in the hospital visiting my grandma, who had recently been diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. her doctor had no relation to my family, but that was the first day my grandma couldn't remember my name. i'm truly sorry about your mom. cancer fucking sucks.
t3_1d2sey-t3_1d2sey-c9mptto	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	a few days after christmas in 2011, i was diagnosed with a brain tumor. my worst fear was trying to tell my girlfriend, which i had to do via skype at 11 pm at night (she was at her parents' house after christmas). the next morning i had an appointment with my neurosurgeon, and she left her parents' house at 3 am to drive up and be with me and my parents during the appointment.  she was in her final year of college at the time, and rescheduled her classes so they were all midweek, so she could drive 1.5 hours to be with me from thursday to monday every weekend. without question, she was my rock during my chemo and radiation treatment. when i was at my darkest points during treatment, she was my beacon of light.  when i was healthy enough to move out of my parents house, she became my part-time caretaker while still finishing college.  fast forward to now, i have concluded all of cancer treatment, we both have jobs in our fields of study, and just moved into our own apartment together.
t3_4drgnz-t3_4drgnz-d1tx6nq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6745	i've talked about this in other threads but i had a friend die of brain cancer and her weight didn't kill her but it impaired her mobility. after a few months of wallowing in sadness, made my first new years resolution ever. so far doing good.
t3_3dmt37-t3_3dmt37-ct76sri	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6782	oh, how nice of you to mention me directly. i would like you to remove that.   as i've said before, if this is true, then you've only ever had one option: to go to the media and expose the story. if this were someone i cared about, i would have done this so very long ago. i don't understand why someone would delay under such circumstances.  &gt; cancer started in the brain and has developed into leukemia  if cancer has spread, then the cancer is terminal.   i have never heard of brain cancer developing into leukemia. i'm not sure that's the way cancer works -- i think you'd find that leukemia was the primary cancer and brain cancer the secondary cancer. if he has secondary cancer, then that is terminal. there is no cure. only primary cancers can be treated.   i've also seen that you are a great deal older than your boyfriend. if you are being honest, then are you sure you're not being scammed?  because so much doesn't add up.   &gt; all stuff his parents paid for taken from him  that's theft by the way. a gift is a gift. it doesn't matter who paid for it. it cannot be taken back. so there you go: there is your perfect option; report them to the police for theft.
t3_2xq2q4-t3_2xq2q4-cp2wa4x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is third party, but sadly this has happened twice in my family.  the first is my mother - she died when i was 3 years old and my sister was 1. my father took it hard but ultimately remarried. growing up, i honestly thought everyone had three sets of grandparents. that's how connected my father stayed with my mother's family. my grandmother (mother's mom) went so far as to treat my stepmom's kids as if they were her grandchildren.  my brother went through the same thing. he married a girl that was simply one of the sweetest people i've ever met in my life. 4 years after they married, they discovered she had a brain tumor and she died shortly after that. while my brother has always remained in contact with her family, they aren't that close anymore. i think not having kids and being young shaped that.
t3_1ljda9-t3_1ljda9-cbzu5pj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7437	survived a racquetball sized brain tumor that had been growing for ten years. completely oblivious as there were never any symptoms.   embarrassing moment: took one of my dad's penthouse mags to school in first grade, got found out. 70 year old grandma from iowa was in town, parents were at work and she had to come get me.
t3_2qw3hd-t3_2qw3hd-cna9ssh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6698	save mom.  she died very suddenly of brain cancer when i was 18 and at college. she was my best friend, and i'd give everything to have known and been able to protect her.
t3_a3q3q-t1_c0fptm0-c0fptvl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow! you learn quick don't you? great job! this one was much much better.  &gt;as for intellect, i could intellectually mug you if i had brain cancer and a 107 degree fever. what's more, i could buy and sell you a dozen times every ten minutes.  this stuff is just golden. the amount of detail you provide makes a very entertaining read to the outsider. great trolling.  &gt;if you spent half as much of your time getting a basic education as opposed to developing so-called rules for trolling, you wouldn't be living in your elderly mother's basement.  i am not sure if insults are really the best strategy here. specially the "mother's basement" bit. that has been overused by trolls since the beginning of the internet. try to come up with something original next time. a good troll often draws inspiration from others, but seldom does he copy. also, you already used the "basic education" line both at the beginning of the post and [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/a3q3q/conservative_andrew_sullivan_obama_has_the_kind/c0fpsxa), try not to repeat yourself, a troll is much easier to ignore when they only have one trick.   &gt;parenthetically, geek, a capital "l" has the same meaning as a capital "c."  what does "c.eft-wing" mean? wow, i am really liking the way that your nonsensical answers build and solidify the character you are trying to portray.
t3_17lx8z-t1_c86zdfj-c873d44	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand. my grandfather would be my second choice, he is living..but if i lost them both i would have no one. my brother died as an infant and my only good uncle died brain tumor complications... sometimes little things like a dance seem daunting.
t3_3z64km-t3_3z64km-cyl6a9s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you guys for the kind words.. you have no clue how much it means to me. unfortunately a brain tumor took the light from my life. she was perfectly healthy up until christmas eve :/
t3_45hvev-t1_czy0ku8-czy25oj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7425	she was acting irrational, but she did have an inoperable brain tumor which lead to some of her strange behavior.  not saying she deserves a pass for her actions, just it's a sad state of affairs.
t3_3cmi02-t3_3cmi02-csxi8r8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7494	i haven't really thought about it but, childhood friend of my sister, her mom was diagnosed with stage 4 brain cancer inoperable.  they gave her 2 months.  she didn't tell anyone just wrote a long suicide note and after her husband went to work she texted the next door neighbor and said something along the lines of "i have stage 4 brain cancer and just committed suicide by blowing it away. please call 911 so my husband doesn't find me first."
t3_13gktm-t1_c73sc0x-c73shsz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7928	sorry about your sister's friend.   my tumor was growing still but rather slowly, and it was only in the one place in my head, it hasn't spread to anywhere else in my body which is lucky. doctors seem to think if it does spread it will only spread to another part of the brain due to the low grade type of tumor i have. but with any luck it will be all gone in a few months
t3_2u1zwo-t1_co4kxgr-co4ung2	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	happened to a good friend of mine this past summer. she was 21 years old and was on vacation when she got a really bad headache. went to the doctor and hey found a large tumor in her brain as well as her spine. it was both insane and very sad to watch just how quickly her health worsened. she fought hard but she was gone in less than a month. she passed happy though with her family and friends with her. think about her every day.   edit: spelling
t3_26d5p8-t3_26d5p8-chqaf7j	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandmother just passed away from cancer. she was very demanding, and bossy. she had cancer in the brain, lungs, breast. the brain it was pressing spots, to where her speech was affected. she would tell us she needs her cigarettes when she meant pills. or she'd say shut the shampoo, when she meant to say blinds.  it's a very sad disease and spreads fast. life is short and remember this lady wasn't always this way. it's not always that they feel entitled to these things, she probably really couldn't carry them. but i'm surprised she didn't have someone to help her, like a family member or something.  my grandma was about 80 pounds, but she always had us to support her. she went out every single day doing things with her husband. because sitting around at home in a wheelchair isn't a way to live.
t3_2ha333-t1_ckrcmze-ckrrh3i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6157	yeah i suppose you are right. but it was recently pointed out to me that i have developed a serious self-destructive streak. it's pretty much like i couldn't care less. i am not suicidal in the slightest but i don't go out of my way to avoid dangerous situations either.   i was diagnosed with a 3rd stage brain cancer just over a couple of months ago and i have flat out refused chemotherapy and i don't regret it. if it has to end so be it. it's going to sound absolutely stupid but after years of wishing i had her back, i feel like it's finally happening. it's a morbidly happy feeling that i wouldn't expect anyone to understand. i am just doing everything cara wanted to do when she was here so that when i finally close my eyes, it'll be with 0 regrets.
t3_1xsa4v-t3_1xsa4v-cfe6fqx	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5047	i've seen what useless chemo and radiation can do to a person.  i just lost a dear friend who was much more miserable than she had to be because she tried that shit.  she was barred from trying some experimental treatments.  instead, she was made deaf by terrible radiation to her brain tumor and couldn't hear her childrens' voices in her last days.
t3_1mohsr-t1_ccb8l9d-ccbbpol	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow i had a middle school language arts teacher who was also just,  enormous,  needlessly big,  and she passed away a few years after i had her from brain cancer as well.
t3_10r1bp-t1_c6fw020-c6fyng3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6193	my mother died from brain cancer 10 years ago. she was 46. at her funeral, i asked my frail grandmother, who was 88 at the time, if she was holding up all right. she looked up at me with the most pain i've ever seen in anyone's eyes and said, "patti, people keep asking me how i'm doing. don't they know this is the worst night of my life?" my mother was her youngest child (of seven) and only daughter.
t3_mffm5-t3_mffm5-c30s4sq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7885	its sad that the government is not looking futher into these studies, my aunt one of the greatest most possitive people i have known died do to brain cancer and if medical cannabis would have helped her live for another day to spend with her two daughters, it would have ment the world to them.
t3_1e2dbn-t1_c9wg8vu-c9wgrch	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8406	unfortunately, this isn't my mom's first time around as a caretaker. in high school, her father could only find a good paying job out of state and was gone for months at a time. my grandmother had been fighting cancer since before my mother was born and in my mom's teens, they found out it had spread to grandma's brain. mom said that near the end, grandma didn't recognize anyone except my father anymore and wasn't even cognizant enough to realize she was sick. she thought there were strangers in her house, holding her captive and hurting her. diseases of the brain really are the worst.
t3_3e4zm7-t1_ctc2cb8-ctc2s4q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	clearly he suffers from:  ~~ acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness   alcohol abuse   alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)   ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa  anxiety disorders  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis   arnold-chiari malformation   arteriosclerotic heart disease   arthritis   arthritis (rheumatoid)   arthropathy, gout   asthma   attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (add/adhd)   autism/aspergers   autoimmune disease   back pain   back sprain   bell's palsy   bipolar disorder   brain tumor, malignant   bruxism   bulimia   cachexia   cancer   carpal tunnel syndrome   causalgia   cerebral palsy   cervical disk disease   cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy   chemotherapy induced anorexia   chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy   chronic pain   chronic pancreatitis   chronic renal failure   cocaine dependence   colitis   conjunctivitis   constipation   crohn's disease   crps (complex regional pain syndrome type ii)   cystic fibrosis   damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease   degenerative arthritis   degenerative arthropathy   delirium tremens   dermatomyositis   diabetes, adult onset   diabetes, insulin dependent   diabetic neuropathy   diabetic peripheral vascular disease  diarrhea   diverticulitis   dysthymic disorder   dystonia   eczema   elevated intraocular pressure   emphysema   emphysema   endometriosis   epidermolysis bullosa   epididymitis   epilepsy   felty's syndrome   fibromyalgia   fibrous dysplasia   friedreich's ataxia   gastritis   genital herpes   glaucoma   glioblastoma multiforme   graves disease   headaches, cluster   headaches, migraine   headaches, tension   hemophilia a   henoch-schonlein purpura   hepatitis c   hereditary spinal ataxia   hiv/aids   hospice patients   huntington's disease   hydromyelia   hypertension   hypertension  hyperventilation   hypoglycemia   hyrdocephalus   impotence   inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis   inflammatory bowel disease (ibd)   insomnia   intermittent explosive disorder (ied)  interstitial cystitis   intractable pain   intractable vomitting   lipomatosis   lou gehrig's disease   lupus   lyme disease   lymphoma   major depression   malignant melanoma   mania   melorheostosis   meniere's disease  motion sickness   mucopolysaccharidosis (mps)  multiple sclerosis (ms)   muscle spasms   muscular dystrophy   myasthenia gravis   myeloid leukemia   nail-patella syndrome   neurofibromatosis   nightmares   obesity   obsessive compulsive disorder   opiate dependence   osteoarthritis   panic disorder   parkinson's disease   peripheral neuropathy   peritoneal pain   persistent insomnia   porphyria   post concussion syndrome   post polio syndrome (pps)   post-traumatic arthritis   post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)  premenstrual syndrome (pms)   prostatitis   psoriasis   pulmonary fibrosis   quadriplegia   radiation therapy   raynaud's disease   reflex sympathetic dystrophy   reiter's syndrome   residual limb pain   restless legs syndrome (rls)  rheumatoid arthritis   rosacea   rsd (complex regional pain syndrome type 1)   schizoaffective disorder  schizophrenia   scoliosis   sedative dependence  seizures   senile dementia  severe nausea   severe pain   severe vomiting   shingles (herpes zoster)  sinusitis   sjoren's syndrome   skeletal muscular spasticity   sleep apnea   sleep disorders   spasticity   spinal cord injury   spinal stenosis   spinocerebellar ataxia   sturge-weber syndrome (sws)~~ ** stuttering**  ~~ syringomyelia   tardive dyskinesia (td)   tarlov cysts   temporomandibular joint disorder (tmj)  tenosynovitis   terminal illness   thyroiditis   tic douloureux   tietze's syndrome   tinnitus   tobacco dependence   tourette's syndrome   traumatic brain injury   trichotillomania   viral hepatitis   wasting syndrome   whiplash   wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome   writers' cramp~~   and that is why he posted that one comment multiple times.  he needs his medicine!
t3_3zbxyo-t1_cykvkhn-cykvtyw	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am sorry to hear that. i am blind in my left eye, i have had brain cancer 4 times, and i have to use a walker to get around. just know that it can be worse. you should do a iama, i have had pretty good experience with doing them in the past
t3_45nwxl-t3_45nwxl-czz3wr2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i first developed an attraction to other guys, at the age of sixteen, i initially thought i had brain cancer or something because it was so totally unfamiliar and incongruous to me at the time. i got over that pretty quickly, but if someone had suggested that i'd become suddenly possessed (i wasn't even raised religious) or been abducted by aliens and had something implanted in my brain, i'd have been very prepared to consider it seriously.  i was not actually in any sort of denial about what i was thinking or feeling, so much as it seriously didn't fit in my head very well at first. if i'd been raised to believe that there was anything wrong with people being same-sex attracted i'd likely have gone stark raving mad.
t3_2l8gzu-t3_2l8gzu-clsk0vu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	her only bf that she lost her virginity to died of brain cancer at 17. i was chatting to her as friends as he passed away. she kinda went off the rails and wanted to experience everything, i'm sexual as fuck and went with it. didn't really consider it may be a coping mechanism or she might be in trouble or anything, i just figured she wanted to get some experience. i did things to her to make most porn look tame. my mates and i gangbanged and spitroasted her until she could barely walk sometimes and she was always eager for more, it was like she had no filter or consideration like 'holy fuck i'm 17 and i've had 5 strangers run through me in an hour, i should stop'. she just didn't care.  well if course she eventually changed her mind on her outlook and began to regret all the shit she did. queue the depression and suicidal thoughts and shit. didn't help that the sex tapes got out. last time i heard she wasn't doing too well. feel a little responsible.
t3_g3c77-t3_g3c77-c1kmh3m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6013	my mom has a schwannoma tumor on her brain stem, but the radiation treatment stopped the growth. she was told she had it for 20 years and just noticed a pain shooting from her jaw, and it was discovered. good luck!
t3_3p0a62-t1_cw22iqd-cw22nnt	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6466	mine took 2 weeks. thanks. but now i don't know how to fix my overwhelming firmicutes in all my samples? help! i have brain cancer so figuring this out is really really important and time is of the essence to say the least.
t3_382lqr-t3_382lqr-crrrt9s	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was very relieved when my mom died.  at the end of her cancer battle she developed brain tumors. in my mothers case it drastically changed her mental state. it got to the point where she couldn't recognize anyone but still had memories. she couldn't tell who i was but when i told her my name she would smile and repeat the name.  but sometimes she thought the entire room was on fire and nothing would calm her. and sometimes she would giggle about blue roosters from rhode island.  eventually she went into a coma and died.  that's no way for someone to live. and knowing her she would have gladly been euthanized knowing her outcome. once the brain tumors were discovered it was like "you're fucked".
t3_n0fzi-t3_n0fzi-c35du4r	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5048	my youngest sister was diagnosed with a brain tumor when she was 3, and again when she was 12, and both times was treated at dornbechers.  i wasn't involved too much with the details of her treatments (our parents did all that), but every experience i had there personally was a good one.    portland is very lucky to have one of, if not the best, childrens hospitals.  glad to hear your son's surgery seems to have gone well.
t3_4m41d2-t3_4m41d2-d3slu8h	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	aside from the incessant tapping of my pencil, the room was quiet. my cat was curled up peacefully at my feet. i reached down to scratch his ears and he purred in content. i smiled sadly, knowing that i had planned on this being the last time i got to enjoy his company.  i turned my attention back to my note. i reread it to make sure i had included everything i wanted it to.   it had been a week since i had gotten my diagnosis-stage 4 medulloblastoma. brain cancer. it was completely inoperable.  my oncologist had assured me that there were radiation and chemotherapy treatments available that would give me a few more months, but i declined. up until 48 hours ago, i had been presented with 2 choices: let the cancer kill me in 6 months, or spend hours in radiation, feeling sick and in constant pain, and live maybe another 9 months.  "there is always a third option," i whispered to myself.   i needed no more convincing. it wasn't like i was leaving much behind; just my cat and the almost bone-dry savings account thanks to my recent medical bills. i was going to die, no matter how i went about it.  it might as well be on my own terms.
t3_qs08j-t3_qs08j-c404bw9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6112	when i was 22-ish the same thing happened to me. i lost the clarity i used to have and seemed to be lost in anxiety inducing fog. i convinced myself i had brain cancer and went and get a mri. of course it came up clean.  i am 34 now and i cant say i have regained all the clairevoyance i had in my youth but i can tell you the biggest contributing factor to my fogginess is diet.  by the time i was 23-24 i suffered from chronic constipation. going only once a week became the norm. it's taken me a long time to tweak my diet and figure out what works and what doesnt. basically, what i follow is this: lots of vegetables, meat is good but red meat only in small doses, refined flour products=bad, whole grains=good, sugar and dairy are only once in a while treats. good luck my friend...
t3_1sq28x-t1_ce01ly2-ce04kly	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	old age. my great-grandmother lived to be 96, but she had been in a nursing home with extreme dementia for 8 years before she died. her body refused to die even though her brain had mostly quit working.   or you could look at my father's side and it would be lung cancer or obesity related problems. they are all obese smokers.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrt7m7	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6469	even though she didn't survive, i still feel as though people should be made aware of the dismissive nature towards elderly. my grandmother died of a brain tumour two weeks ago. things started going down hill at around mid february. the first thing that, with hindsight, indicated she had a brain tumor was that she fell. she was out on a coach trip, fell, and had an ambulance called. from this point onwards, everything got worse. some days she wouldn't be able to get out of bed, others she would be fine. some days she would fall and not be able to move her legs, and others she would be wanting to go out. she also complained of dissiness a lot, always saying that it was in her head. her personality changed. she wouldn't strike up conversation whenever we went around to her house, and she swore on occasions (something which i don't think i had ever hear her do in the 17 years i knew her). she also struggled with memory. when she went to the doctors to have a diabetes check, they performed a mental capability test, which she struggled with. she also struggled to write, even though before she would always be doing a word-search. lastly, in the final stages, about a week or two before her death, she tried to eat her food with her hand. she went to the doctors on multiple occasions, and had her legs not moving dismissed because they thought that she wasn't moving enough. they sent her off to have her legs examined and was told that there was nothing wrong with her legs. she never received help for her dissiness about a month before her death. they told us that her memory was failing because she was going deaf, and couldn't hear the question we were asking. on one day, she was exhibiting stroke-like symptoms. she was just sat in the chair being unresponsive, so an ambulance was called for her. the only question which she replied to was how old she was, which she said 79, when she was 78. she never received a brain scan until 5 days before her death. the tumor had swollen up and was pushing, causing the stroke like symptoms, and was sent into a coma-like state until her death. throughout mid february to the end of november, she never received a brain scan until it was too late and pronounced terminal. i feel as though doctors often seem to take the easy root with the elderly and pin the blame on their old age, rather than actually checking
t3_4g2r1m-t1_d2ee5fd-d2eot0s	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7527	i don't know the circumstance, diagnosis or condition, but fwiw, my three year old daughter was diagnosed with a brain tumor about a year ago.  it was removed and it was benign.  it was terrifying on ways that are hard to describe.  my only advice; hang in there.  good things can come.
t3_3j7i6j-t1_cumwx0f-cumx3n6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	unless you have really decent poor peoples medical care. i actually have gotten ct scans especially for my vertigo that got a hundred times worse when i listened to ear buds. they'll put me in the machines find nothing wrong and send me home. i could care less if ionizing radiation hurts me i wish i had brain cancer so i could stay in a hospital a day or few.
t3_22rley-t3_22rley-cgpor2x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	actually yeah, to get away from this annoying kid that lived behind me. i was about 10 or so at the time. he had to be the idea behind russell from the movie up. he looked just like him, acted just like him, and his name was russell. he came over and i told him i had brain cancer and it was highly contagious. he was young so he believed me. but he told his parents and they sent me a bunch of "get well soon" stuff. explaining that to my parents was hilarious yet horrible. i don't regret it because i got free cake.
t3_13upqj-t1_c77cgfv-c77civ1	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7372	my aunt got clinical depression after she was diagnosed with brain cancer. after years of therapy and support from us her family she recovered. unfortunately cancer returns and she doesnt have very long to live but she beat clinical depression and if she can so can you. its amazing what the human mind is capable if it is given the chance.
t3_1p50wl-t3_1p50wl-ccz5rk0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6699	mrs. brungarth  11th grade english teacher. she took the year before off because she had a brain tumor taken out. she came back the next year to teach english to high school students, but one day, a student who was stoned refused to read. she then broke down and told us how because of her tumor she could only read at a 3rd grade level.   a teacher, teaching juniors in high school, could only read at a 3rd grade level. great person, absolutely horrible teacher.
t3_222ui4-t3_222ui4-cgizr5w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6608	this is happening to my grandma! 4~5 years ago she was diagnosed with lungcancer and the doctors gave her 1.5 years, since then she has responded very well to her treatments and is still kicking it today! she was even diagnosed with a tumor in her brain and is now dealing with that. she's a champ!
t3_1p7k7y-t1_ccztb9l-cczv648	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.766	yes, i think it was stated earlier but it was previously grade ii oligodendroglioma but is now grade iii oligodendroglioma (malignant).
t3_1j357l-t3_1j357l-cbarcfz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor when i was a freshmen in high school. scared to lose my dad. that was ten years ago.
t3_2ztnml-t3_2ztnml-cpmm3q2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.804	my grandmother raised me for the most part, she was basically my mother. she was diagnosed with terminal lung and brain cancer and given a month to live, she opted for hospice at home care, i cleared things up with my company at the time and made her my only priority.  i spent her last month alive being present and every waking moment possible and caring for her, giving her medicine, preparing her meals, talking her through the grieving process... she apologized she was dying, she would tell me how much she wished she could stay and we really had no option besides raw meaningful honesty in conversation. while this was going on my grandfather died about 12 days before she did.   this whole event was one of my biggest fears because i didn't know how i would handle it, losing her, let alone them.  i would get distraught just at the thought of it when i realized they were getting old and having problems. after everything transpired and i kind of faced not only their death but guiding them down the path to its door, it really shook me. while it was the most tragic event in my life, it was also liberating in the sense that i faced it and came out okay, of not better for it.
t3_3i0h2b-t1_cucf1b1-cuchn77	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know... when i think about pediatric oncologists, doctors who work with very sick and dying children day in and day out (and those nurses, too), i think it's heroic. sure, it's their job and they make money, but they committed themselves to work in a really difficult field. i have a friend whose son died of brain cancer when he was 18 months old. the nurses who were there for her family join her for different children's cancer awareness events (like those walks and stuff). i'd say those people are pretty heroic. i don't think i could do that job, honestly, even though i'd be getting paid and saving some children's lives.
t3_ouxst-t1_c3kysg6-c3l2b3s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wil always do whatever i can in the advancement in cancer research and cures for those in need. i had brain cancer a few years ago, so anything i can do, i know someone would do it for me. =)
t3_2fqomy-t1_ckc1sg2-ckcb8xw	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5156	my mom recently had this for a brain tumor. she said it was the most confusing emotional experience in her life. they brought her back up and she just started bawling like a baby and an assistant had to hold her hand while they poked around in her head.   flash forward and the tumor is gone and she's on her last round of chemo!
t3_dxbxl-t1_c13ndlq-c13nfwl	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with brain cancer a few years ago, the tumor was operable, and i obviously survived, but i decided that even though i had an m.d., had been working longer than some of my treating doctors, and maybe went to a better school than most of them, that i would be a patient, just as though i had no medical education. i had to wait sometimes, yes, we book far in advanced, most internists or family docs shouldn't have this long of a wait, but specialists will usually. now, if you don't have insurance and you go to a doctor or hospital for treatment, you pay more than what the insurance company does with the same doctor or hospital, and for the same treatment. this is because the insurance company dictates some procedures or treatments as experimental or contraindicated, but more importantly, they aggressively negotiate compensation. think about it, if one person gets treatment and it is expensive, what is the incentive for the facility to allocate resources and staff to determine how much you should be charged? there isn't much, when compared to the fact that the insurance company is representing thousands of people, and thus if the facility in question didn't participate with that company, they won't ever see the vast majority of those covered by that company walk through their doors. when you pay the bill, you aren't just paying the doctor, but also the bills to keep the lights on, the nursing staff, the accountant, the receptionists, the overhead in medicine is huge. and regarding your brother, no, that behavior is not at all common, many anesthesiologists have anxiety or depression issues of their own, anesthesia is very stressful, so on behalf of the anesthesia providers and all of his patients, i would like to tell your brother: go fuck yourself, and enjoy lowered compensation when your greedy ass fucks up and gets sued for everything you thought it was worth.
t3_3ucwqr-t1_cxf3qmw-cxf457o	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	sorry to hear about that. guess that's why you choose revalve as your handle. at any rate, long story short, it was discovered that i had brain cancer at age 8. after the surgery to remove the tumor, some of the drugs that they gave me weakened and softened my teeth. i've had teeth breaking here and there for the past 25 years,  but mostly within the past 10. anyway, on december 11th, i'll be getting dentures so i wine have to worry about tooth pain and breakage anymore.
t3_6u1h7-t1_c04v9ge-c04va6d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7805	i had my mom die of brain cancer a couple years ago. watching her die wasn't nearly as hard as watching her personality and higher brain functions just pop out of existence from one day to the next.
t3_4zktxd-t1_d6wrga7-d6wx4y8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well there are some exceptions to that. my mom used to love chinese food, and then she developed thyroid problems, which went undiagnosed for years, made her miserable and moody. doctors thought she had something seriously wrong with her, like brain tumor level or something. anyway i digress. once she was diagnosed with hypothyroidism and put on medication everything was cool again, but apparently soy sauce interferes with her medicine somehow (we don't understand it but every time she eats it she feels horrible for a week), so no more asian food for mom. it's almost impossible to find anything without soy sauce in it, and when they make those dishes without soy sauce they're apparently pretty bland.
t3_3azalt-t3_3azalt-csi7yln	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6553	my mother is just like this, and has been this way (probably) her entire life.   every man she has ever been with since i can remember has abused her in some way or another. her parents beat her and would cover up the bruises. every man has raped her. my aunt, her sister, had cervical cancer, so of course my mom had cancer and brain tumors. she has "keemo" (as she sends in text messages to me) weekly, but most of the time she can't make her appointments because she has to set her schedule around "abusive people" who ruin her life.  i was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis in december, and now suddenly she suffers from a debilitating case of it. she has to be on 9 different medications for it (i am on 3), but tells me i should take an antibiotic and i will be cured.  she uses these excuses and lies as a means to justify her perfectly shitty attitude and outlook on life, and as a reason to just shit on every single person who has ever given her the time of day, including her daughter (me.) especially me.   she tries to manipulate people into feeling guilty for her, and immediately lashes out at them the moment they aren't able to adjust her schedule around her / bend to her every single whim.  tl;dr - my mom is a cunt, and people who do this shit are gaping assholes.
t3_3ml7y9-t3_3ml7y9-cvggiuy	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6228	i found out i have terminal brain cancer recently.  i was just telling my mum how frustrating it is to keep hearing "it's going to be ok".  are you deaf??? it's terminal. it's not curable.  i'll be dead in a couple years (if i'm lucky).  so when someone says to me, you're gonna beat this i take a deep breath, drink some champagne, watch old disney movies, and travel a shitload.
t3_3eantg-t3_3eantg-ctd7x81	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; but at the same time, i feel so guilty. i'm fucking murdering my best friend.  if your positions were reversed and you were the one suffering from the agony of terminal cancer, is that how you'd feel from his side of things?   i didn't think so.   personally i wish that this option was available freely to human beings who would take advantage of it. there are so many diseases which are incurable and terribly painful that people deserve release from. they shouldn't have to "battle cancer" when they will inevitably be overtaken by it, because that battle is nothing but pure futile suffering.   i have had to put down several friends over the years, and i also used to help euthanasia techs euthanize while working at two separate animal shelters.   it is certainly a better death than dealing with cancer and if i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer today i would take the option to be humanely euthanized in a heartbeat.   so sorry about your friend though. it never gets easier. :(   edit: reversed, not refused. no coffee yet this morning.
t3_405alt-t1_cyrl0s3-cyrywzi	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	short answer, brain tumors were pressing on my brain. i passed out, was technically brain dead twice for 8 minutes a piece and paramedics couldn't find a pulse either i was in a medical indust coma for 5 days   here is an iama i did    iama 27 year old man and i have beaten brain cancer 4 times ama https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c14sw/iama_27_year_old_man_and_i_have_beaten_brain/
t3_44qut9-t3_44qut9-czsgj3k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she died of a brain tumor before she could finish writing her book. you won't believe what her husband did next!
t3_1y6hz0-t3_1y6hz0-cfhy9mw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she needs a ct or an mri. she may have a brain tumor or a structural issue with her brain/nervous system.  i had a dog that became highly highly uncontrollably aggressive when her bone tumor in her face spread to her brain. she also would stumble, her eyes dilated at different rates, and she seemed almost like someone with alzheimer's.  whenever an animal displays aggressive behaviors during sleep or unconscious, that's not a cognitive behavior - but something deeper.  good luck with the neurologist. please keep us updated!
t3_1ofzkr-t3_1ofzkr-ccrn7k0	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5885	i have.  my best friend had a terminal brain tumor and decided that her best option for an exit strategy was assisted suicide.  she came to my house, took her medication and died on my couch while we watched movies.  it was one of the hardest, weirdest days of my life.  edited for spelling.  cold medicine has corroded my brain.
t3_29spno-t1_cio9sr0-cl90qix	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	literally the worst comments about smash i have read in years. i didn't think that level of scrub fuckery still existed  like fuck i have brain cancer now. do people who read kotaku just have a horrible victim mentality or is that actually what the broader public opinion of smash looks like?
t3_1r1uzm-t1_cdithj9-cditlj1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think i have brain cancer from reading that.  they basically say that the entire bible has to be written by god's word because all of the authors centered on a theme with a logical beginning, middle and ending and that would be impossible otherwise.  i didn't see the part where it goes into the some 60,000+ mathematical fallacies located in the bible, but yeah those 40+ authors just perfectly nailed it cuz jesus.
t3_1p3pff-t3_1p3pff-ccyjv25	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5064	my mother is given roughly 1-2 years left to live with her brain tumor before she makes her final goodbye.  i am not calling her enough, but today it will change.   both of us will probably be intoxicated at the time, she's most likely high on her stupid meds and i'm to dumb to take care of myself and my oh so proudly vains. thanks for the reminder.
t3_3q6sgb-t1_cwck3jn-cwcmfpj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6487	this happened to my mil a week before she was diagnosed with a brain tumor (glioblastoma). she kept smelling mothballs (camphor). i mentioned that it could be the sign of something neurological to her because she thought it was pretty weird that no one else was smelling it. she passed away less than a year after her diagnosis. rip funny lady.
t3_2b7l6p-t1_cj38mpq-cj96tbn	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with a brain cancer at 27. i have lived in fear the last 2 yrs.  there is an organization called first descents.  it was a great experience both mentally and physically.  you should look into it. it has helped me a lot
t3_1epflv-t1_ca2jn0e-ca33o51	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've always wondered about this. in my situation, it's my sister vs. my vagina. i have an "innie", you can't see my inner labia unless spread open, and they are very small. my sister has virtually no outer labia, and her inner labia are very prominent (hang down). i took care of my mother through her brain cancer and she had an innie as well. i wonder if its just a genetic roll of the dice.
t3_1ljg9i-t3_1ljg9i-cbzwkk8	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with crohn's at the tail end of 2006, if i recall correctly. in 2008, two months after having a bowel resection, i found out i had brain cancer. that same year, i had two brain surgeries that left me in crippling chronic pain and dealing with seizures that can last up to several days. both have nearly resolved, and as long as i don't over-exert myself i don't have seizures. related or not (who knows if biologics killed my immune system enough for it to completely ignore cancer growing in my body) that's more than enough for me.   i also have osteoporosis at the ripe old age of 24, but i think i have prednisone to thank for that.
t3_4g2r1m-t3_4g2r1m-d2ei5lf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5044	late to the topic, but anyway.  "please kill me!"   my crying, very sick mother some weeks before she died. i was twelve. she had a brain tumor and was no longer capable to talk unhindered, move etc. still haunts me from time to time, seventeen years later.
t3_4ozxvx-t1_d4hwzu4-d4hxopv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, i have seen a person who had brain cancer and was given only a few months to live getting healed after we had prayed for him. i have seen a boy who always had to sit in a wheelchair, getting up and walk after we prayed for him and then he even played soccer after church with the other kids. i don't think anyone from the outside was there to record it, though, but the church records every miracle healing.  but i have also prayed for my grandpa who had cancer and he was not healed, he died, but after he gave his life to christ, and i believe he is with him now.  furthermore, i know what scripture says and i know that god does not answer every prayer, but sometimes has other plans than we expect. some christians have not understood that about prayer, yet.   despite that, i don't want to discuss my own personal beliefs here. something was suggested here that would have political consequences, and i would rather like to discuss those consequences.
t3_34uoj4-t3_34uoj4-cqyqk33	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6652	well, to be totally honest, the sudden decision to abandon your past on purpose could have been caused by the brain damage. your chemicals got all jumbled up, and now you're more comfortable with yourself. whatever was going on in your brain that was keeping you from being who you wanted to be was what got damaged.  i have an aunt that had brain cancer, she went through several years of chemo and she made it through, but she's never been the same. she used to be a sweet person, but the cancer and the chemo fucked with her brain so much that she became a total psycho bitch.  brain damage doesn't have to mean stupidity.
t3_39hnbc-t3_39hnbc-cs3rh4t	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6566	i'm so sorry.  i'm going to have to agree with the other comments, i had a dog suffer with brain cancer for 6 months before he died - i don't think it was worth it, even though he was small, it was very difficult for him to get around, and he was miserable not being able to get up and play. i think we should have let him go sooner. here's to loving and loving again.
t3_1a42ea-t3_1a42ea-c8ua60q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6696	the worst part about being me is that i have brain cancer and i have 1 to 5 years to live.  but the best part is everything else! great friends, a half finished engineering degree, support from fellow redditors, and 1 to 5 years of life!
t3_2bk2uk-t1_cj66w34-cj69ldh	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had brain cancer as a kid, and seizures constantly. as i grew up and learned how to talk and whatnot, i told my mom (and now remember, to some extent) that just before my seizures, i had deja vu. i'd say, "deja vu, deja vu!!!" and my mom would know i was about to go.    so happens that my right temporal lobe, where the cancer was, was removed. i had no idea that this was actually known to be related to seizures...and thought my experience was maybe just a fluke. interesting, thanks!
t3_257xl0-t1_chek8bx-chekb2t	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ohh yeah that makes more sense i really thought that was what happened. i was convinced for like twenty minutes that i had brain cancer because my friends told me thats what was a symptom i was like an [8] not gonna lie lmfao.
t3_3cruqj-t3_3cruqj-csycv5w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**gilded posts**     --- |score|author|post title| |:-|-|-| |5214|/u/gibslayer|[[ama request] ellen pao; current reddit ceo](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0qwa/ama_request_ellen_pao_current_reddit_ceo/?ref=search_posts)| |4739|/u/thatguyyouworkwith|[[ama request] voat.co administrators](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0nq4/ama_request_voatco_administrators/?ref=search_posts)| |4431|/u/mistersavage|[i am adam savage, co-host of mythbusters. ama!](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfqzf/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/?ref=search_posts)| |1122|/u/rjb1337|[iama 27 year old man and i have beaten brain cancer 4 times ama](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c14sw/iama_27_year_old_man_and_i_have_beaten_brain/?ref=search_posts)|  ---    **gilded comments**     --- |ups|author|post title|link to comment| |:-|-|-|-| |6019|/u/amescg|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr69ii)| |3833|/u/solidwhetstone|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr5x2s)| |2595|/u/mistersavage|i am adam savage, co-host of mythbusters. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfqzf/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/csv5hr3)| |2421|/u/coror|[ama request] ellen pao; current reddit ceo|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0qwa/ama_request_ellen_pao_current_reddit_ceo/csr9jpc)| |2356|/u/pdxally|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr65bb)| |2300|/u/i-should_be-studying|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr63wo)| |2221|/u/tinygreeneskimo|i am adam savage, co-host of mythbusters. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfqzf/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/csv66sw)| |2209|/u/courtiebabe420|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr72jg)| |2180|/u/weary_dreamer|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr6ktg)| |2031|/u/insaneinamembrain|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr6trn)| |1972|/u/komrad822|i am adam savage, co-host of mythbusters. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfqzf/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/csv2oab)| |1933|/u/michaelbama|i am adam savage, co-host of mythbusters. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfqzf/i_am_adam_savage_cohost_of_mythbusters_ama/csv9hrh)| |1814|/u/khaaannnnn|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr7jxp)| |1367|/u/lolthr0w|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csr9w69)| |766|/u/siccoblue|[ama request] ellen pao; current reddit ceo|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0qwa/ama_request_ellen_pao_current_reddit_ceo/csrhinh)| |718|/u/everythingistakenlol|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csriurn)| |571|/u/korantano|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr6atz)| |563|/u/yishan|[ama request] yishan, founder of reddit|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0s3q/ama_request_yishan_founder_of_reddit/csrm4cc)| |505|/u/derberauner|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr79ay)| |439|/u/whatismyusername|iama wwii veteran b-17 bomber pilot from the european theater, as well as korea and vietnam, back again, ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c8j21/iama_wwii_veteran_b17_bomber_pilot_from_the/csta5i4)| |342|/u/bothanspy1337|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csrra65)| |316|/u/i_make_milk|[ama request] ellen pao; current reddit ceo|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0qwa/ama_request_ellen_pao_current_reddit_ceo/csrie8k)| |315|/u/lost_in_thesauce|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csrlo7j)| |213|/u/automoderator|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr67px)| |199|/u/accidentalbirth|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr62gq)| |171|/u/brokenarrow|i am christiane amanpour, cnns chief international correspondent and host of cnn internationals flagship global affairs program. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3bvjae/i_am_christiane_amanpour_cnns_chief_international/cspwx47)| |82|/u/eatingkidsdaily|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csrh1kj)| |74|/u/exonity|[ama request] john oliver|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c4c86/ama_request_john_oliver/cssb9vr)| |70|/u/jennazant|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr92jk)| |58|/u/ironflag|hi, im a former historic guide who has heard plantation tourists say some pretty racist things about slavery. ama|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3bt6ot/hi_im_a_former_historic_guide_who_has_heard/cspdc24)| |38|/u/ramblingwrecker|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csrmyyc)| |27|/u/im_ultracrepidarious|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr6f2s)| |19|/u/coldhell|[ama request] john oliver|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c4c86/ama_request_john_oliver/cssfhh3)| |14|/u/hurricanefan13|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr7ua8)| |8|/u/scodeth|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csrpxu3)| |6|/u/googlyeyespy|i am christiane amanpour, cnns chief international correspondent and host of cnn internationals flagship global affairs program. ama!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3bvjae/i_am_christiane_amanpour_cnns_chief_international/csrumlb)| |5|/u/notanothercirclejerk|[ama request] john oliver|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c4c86/ama_request_john_oliver/csshwrn)| |4|/u/grahamsheldon|i am graham sheldon, cast of nbc's the island with bear grylls. i risked starvation and dehydration on a deserted island and had to film the whole thing.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3cfzqh/i_am_graham_sheldon_cast_of_nbcs_the_island_with/csv8bbt)| |3|/u/redhotchiliguy|[ama request] victoria, ex-ama mod|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0iw2/ama_request_victoria_exama_mod/csr8dz8)| |3|/u/brickslamp|[ama request] dacvak continue his now deleted ama where he talks about reddit firing him for having leukemia and also discuss the community backlash from his subreddit /r/gaming becoming public again.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0xh8/ama_request_dacvak_continue_his_now_deleted_ama/csroua4)| |2|/u/iambeau|[ama request] ellen pao; current reddit ceo|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0qwa/ama_request_ellen_pao_current_reddit_ceo/csrjzsm)| |2|/u/beakerandbunsen|welcome back!|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0hcz/welcome_back/csr6txw)| |2|/u/bugcatcher_billy|iama man who had surgery to correct his manboobs (gynecomastia). i do not regret it! ama.|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c3jj7/iama_man_who_had_surgery_to_correct_his_manboobs/csrzl6f)| |0|/u/xhankhillx|[ama request] voat.co administrators|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0nq4/ama_request_voatco_administrators/csrhfb7)| |-7|/u/xtphty|[ama request] voat.co administrators|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0nq4/ama_request_voatco_administrators/csrays8)| |-39|/u/curious-soul|hi, im a former historic guide who has heard plantation tourists say some pretty racist things about slavery. ama|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3bt6ot/hi_im_a_former_historic_guide_who_has_heard/cspc1lu)| |-186|/u/automoderator|[ama request] voat.co administrators|[link](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c0nq4/ama_request_voatco_administrators/csr7e78)|
t3_3jh7v9-t3_3jh7v9-cup7jni	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	interest in other guys was something which hit me *very* abruptly when i was 16, and at first i thought i had brain cancer or something (among other, less rational suspicions about what was going on with me.) i'm really not kidding, it was so incongruous to anything i'd ever previously felt or thought about that it felt like my own brain was betraying me or that i'd suddenly become possessed, and it hit me almost literally overnight. had i not been raised with the idea that there was nothing wrong with same-sex attraction i probably would have gone stark raving mad.  the rest was extremely anticlimactic. i actually told my folks i wanted to be taken to a doctor, and why. my mother was rather taken aback at first, and my dad's reaction was so deadpan i'm to this day not sure what his feelings were about it at the time. (he's a very uncomplicated man of few words, always has been.) my brother at first thought i was playing some sort of joke on our folks, and wouldn't believe i was bisexual until some time later when i put a guy i was involved with directly in front of him. (it's something he still can't really get his head around, he's not the sharpest tool in the shed.)  all my folks really had to say about it was that i didn't need to see a doctor, and that it would probably be best that i keep it to myself until i went off to college (we lived in a very conservative rural community.) my mom also asked that i *not* tell my maternal grandparents about it, as she felt they wouldn't be able to understand and that it would just cause them unnecessary distress trying to. beyond that, it wasn't something that came up as a subject for discussion much. i had a boyfriend during junior and senior years of high school, who my folks were very nice to and made welcome, though once they found out that he *was* my boyfriend he wasn't allowed to stay overnight anymore. (they're not fools and i'm sure they realized "stuff" was going on, but they didn't want to "officially" condone it any more than they'd have let one of my girlfriends spend the night.)
t3_28vepo-t1_ciev5mz-ciex1sc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8063	i didn't have much exposure to my father growing up, but things like your story make me suspect he was an n. he lost his business in a recession and moved away. he stopped paying alimony and child support, i knew this because my mother told me all about it in detail. at that point, she was earning more than him and it was a big thing for her that she was getting one over on him. anyway, a family in the neighbourhood got a home computer, i think a commodore64 (yes, i'm old) and it was soooo cool. i remember talking to my dad about it because we really had nothing to talk about and he just popped out with "would you like me to get you one of those? because i want to get one for you." i didn't know what to say because i knew he had no money, i knew he was barely scraping by and hadn't paid child support for years. so i was extremely wary and deeply uneasy that this was yet another one of his attempts to be the good guy that had always run off the rails and ended in shoddy apologies that could have been avoided if he had just never built up my hopes to begin with. i can't remember what i said in response. but every time we talked after that, he made references to how it was right there in the closet, waiting for us to come down and set it up, so i started to believe him. we hadn't gone down to visit him the previous summer because my nmom had had breast cancer. even though she was "clear", i knew she wasn't full strength so i begged off again that summer because i knew she wouldn't be able to keep up the house by herself. also, at that point, he was essentially a stranger to me because he rarely called or wrote letters or anything. my gcsis went instead. found out later that as soon as she got off the plane he took her to wherever and bought that computer. six weeks went by and on the day before my sister was due to fly home, dad phones because he's got to tell me something. apparently, i was going to have a new sibling in september, he had married his gf in march and she was going to have a baby. now, i can do basic math, it was late august. i was shattered. completely and utterly shattered. i hung up the phone before i started to cry and i just sobbed right there in front of my nmom. she looked at me like i was insane and i barely managed to get out the story in between sobs. she was also blown away (btw, she didn't hug me or tell me it was going to be ok, or anything). i then said "it was just a bribe, that computer" and she looked at me with wonder and dare i even say respect. she then told me that she had wondered why he was doing it and that i was right (she admitted i was right!) after that, i never wanted to speak to him again. what kind of father does that to their own child? that's what casual acquaintances do, family isn't supposed to do that. anyway, years later i thought that maybe i had been too harsh with him, so i got back in contact. turned out to be a big mistake on my part but i least i finally knew that i couldn't deal with his shit, there had never been a relationship to repair. that was one of the things he threw at me to prove he was such a great guy. apparently, i had begged and pleaded with him to buy me that computer, which was a total lie. as for how badly he hurt me with his whole knocking up his gf (who i think actually got pregnant accidentally on purpose to make him propose) and not telling me all i got was "yeah, i could have handled that better" no shit, "father". also, he said to me that he was proud he had never hit his kids (which made me think that his mother must have gone full-on ya-ya sisterhood on him at one point) and i said that that wasn't true. i then told him about the time i remember him spanking me (at night after i had gone to bed, after my mother had spanked me, he was in a rage, pulled my pants down and just whaled on me, i remember screaming and crying and thinking it wasn't fair because i had already been punished) and he was all offended because how dare i spoil his illusions of himself? so he just got drunk and forgot all about it. he was like groundhog day. when he was drunk (which was every night) i could have told him i had incurable brain cancer and once he slept it off would have never remembered it ever happened.
t3_42xkjm-t1_czdymi3-cze1ns6	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom is like your mom. she has brain cancer and the doctors have submitted her into hospice. but before that, she kept wanting to do everything. her quality of life diminished so much but she wanted to keep going with stronger chemo which did nothing to slow the growth of the tumor.  the doctor finally told her that it was too risky for her to continue the chemo and so she stopped. we were relieved but it caused such a strife in our family. my mom wanted to take all the meds to "cure herself" and saw us advising her to go into hospice as "giving up" or "wanting her to die."   we just want her to not puke every time she takes chemo. we just want her to be able to taste food and enjoy the few months she has left. we want her to take a vacation, and accomplish all the wishes and dreams she still has before it's too late.
t3_o6gmo-t3_o6gmo-c3evisf	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had a geoblastoma brain tumor, grade 4. geoblastomas are very aggressive in any form but a grade 4 is the most aggressive level. after a bit of numbness on her left side she went to the hospital and found the tumor last february. she fought it with surgery, chemo and radiation but a few days before she passed she got sick with pneumonia and that was too much for her system. she passed with me and my sisters there, her mom, brother and friends beside her. she was 53.
t3_3dis0u-t1_ct5kczz-ct5uc37	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6038	i've been df'd for a long time- 20 years, but if i can recall, isn't there a scripture somewhere about talking to god about "the murmurings of the heart"? meaning- if you weren't exactly sure what to pray for. when i was still in, i was diagnosed with brain cancer and epilepsy, had the big c removed, so speech was not my fort at that time. the elders always pushed that point down my throat when i didn't have some sort of medical apparatus in it.
t3_1r5flt-t1_cdjvrhe-cdjvu8q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	medical costs are hugely inflated (as op notes) so people without insurance almost certainly can't afford long hospital stays or expensive treatment, which is admittedly an awful situation. our insurance legislation also allowed companies to deny people coverage for extremely dubious reasons, which caused a lot of the "i had terminal brain cancer and my insurer dropped me when they found out" stories you see in the news.     at its heart, it stems from the same thing every other circlejerk does: news shows us only the most shocking, heartrending, extreme, or salacious stories. since that's all we see, we assume that's how everything is. healthcare nightmare stories abound, and healthcare success stories are uninteresting. people read the nightmares and extrapolate for all of america.
t3_4d9cl9-t1_d1pc3yp-d1ptmy3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5174	yes, it's not the point. but the problem i have encountered as someone who is going through chemotherapy and had to wait to get my flu vaccine, is there are a lot of well meaning people who get really nosey about why you cannot get your flu vaccine.   my employer holds a wellness fair every year and they really push everyone to get their vaccine, and it's free for employees, which is great.  however, if you are not getting it and don't want to disclose the reason, people start getting really nosey and preachy.  there were a few people in my department who got on my case about not getting it. i tried saying "i just have a health reason so i'm waiting" was not a good enough excuse for some. i was actually lectured about why it was important and there are very few reasons why i couldn't get it.   i don't owe anyone an explanation about why i'm not getting it. i also do not want to disclose to anyone at my work that i have brain cancer and i'm going through chemo treatment.
t3_2w1n6k-t3_2w1n6k-comsslq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she was texting me while walking down the street one time and commented about how she suddenly felt light headed.    a day later she told me she got freaked out, webmd'd her "symptoms", and legitimately thought she had brain cancer. she was so upset she had her dad call their doctor, who was forced to make a special house visit and perform "brain cancer tests" on her. she did not, surprisingly, have brain cancer.
t3_1kd6yl-t1_cbnug07-cbo3rjn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5109	when i had brain cancer i had to have my head shaved. i waited until the day before surgery, and looking back, i wish i had done it sooner so i could have shown off the beautifully shaped head i used to have.   it took me a while after surgery to feel comfortable without a hat on. i never wore wigs, too expensive, itchy and hot. but it was winter, so i had quite the collection of beanies.   i remember the first few times going out in public without a hat on, i was really nervous, felt like everyone was staring at me. but then i realized, i'm bald because i've been through something not many of these people will ever get the chance to understand, live through and overcome. i don't know if that makes me stronger, but i definitely showed off what i had achieved!  hair or not, you're beautiful inside and out.
t3_1uvzc3-t1_cemf6n2-cemo5wt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have aspergers/adhd, but i don't think vaccines caused that, just like i don't think that eating a hot dog will give you cancer.  i have family members who have died of brain cancer who lived a lifestyle of total health, and family members who have smoked since the age of 17 who are totally fine.  i am who i am.
t3_2kq6dk-t3_2kq6dk-clo2qsf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6576	i was diagnosed with brain cancer at age 8. had surgery to remove the tumor, and was giver a 0% chance to see my 13th birthday. i didn't know any of this at the time. but, now i am 33 and doing just fine.
t3_u8ar2-t1_c4t97ta-c4tbewq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8005	she was fine after what happened.  she never did remarry though, and i can't blame her.  she actually got brain cancer like my grandpa a few years back and passed away too.  but she did get to see most of her family before she did though.
t3_12wh8l-t3_12wh8l-c6ywvxf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5067	ok i actually know what i would call the best looking girl i have ever met... she was diagnosed with brain cancer at 20 and had to re-learn how to talk along with other things... recovery can be tough but now she is normal as ever and healthy.  this is her 8 years later[](http://sphotos-b.xx.fbcdn.net/hphotos-ash4/420806_10100854084180458_1393751199_n.jpg)
t3_1g1eaw-t1_cafvc5d-cag18gz	brain_cancer	relevant	0.518	i would love to be able to afford a bankruptcy. i found out i had brain cancer right after graduating college. debt collectors dont care if you can't work, they don't care that you just had a quarter of your brain removed, they don't care that you might not get back basic motor skills, that the tremors and seizures will stop. they only care that you give them money. discharging that debt wouldn't give me the upper hand in any sense, it could *maybe* level the playing field and get me out of this deep hole i've been trying to fill for years.   i'm sure you know how it feels to be working poor, having to defer and get forbearance on student loans year after year, interest rates piling up, loan companies constantly on your back. but i'm also fairly certain that the career path you've chose will pay off in the long run. as it stands, i can't go back to the nursing field, not with the motor deficiencies i now have. don't be too jealous.
t3_3fxpcw-t1_ctt2ygd-ctt6f8k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7681	while still bad, i think that was better than if they had said it was less severe then it was. a family friend's granddaughter, just over a year old at the time, was sick last year. (i think her name is scarlett, too, oddly enough.) doctors said it was nothing, and similar to brad, the parents weren't satisfied with that answer. they took her to another hospital, and within an hour she was undergoing emergency surgery to have a brain tumor removed.
t3_1rpwpk-t1_cdpu0r3-cdpvmba	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7541	my sister just passed last friday due to glioblastoma (brain tumor), she was only 27. she had 6weeks of radio+mild chemo, the was due 6xmonthly chemo but only managed 1.5. i cant help but wish it was me instead, she was the better human being.
t3_3va94z-t3_3va94z-cxnkodc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first thing that springs to mind.  round 1 basic  question 1: are you a player?  yup  question 2: yeah, i bet you say that to all the girls..  only the pretty ones  question 3: whats the matter? you look so sad.  that's because your boring  question 4: how many girls have you slept with?  too many  question 5: are you seeing anyone else?  yes  intermediate  question 6: are you gay?  honey, i live in a world with [insert celebrity] no-ones that straight.  question 7: wow. your friend chad is hot.  yeah the bro jobs are intense. [retell this story to them untill they believe it](http://x4.fjcdn.com/comments/god+i+love+playing+pranks+_e9bfb30ea17c8a994b3a848630f7cddc.jpg) works best if chad is in on the joke too.  question 8: i have a boyfriend.  so do i  question 9: i dont date little boys/old men  good, i don't want to date you  question 10: sorry, i dont just give out my number.  are you saying you make people you meet buy it from you?  advanced  question 11: im looking for someone whos not afraid to wait.  ok. (continue as you were)  question 12: and just so you know, we arent having sex.  not tonight we're not. (continue on as normal)  question 13: sorry. i need to get to know you first.  then ask me an interesting question.  question 14: stop, stop. this is moving too fast. lets take things slow.  i can't go slow, because i have terminal brain cancer  question 15: what kind of girl do you think i am?! im not some whore!  and i'm not some loser that pays for sex.  bonus round  bonus: youre at the club with an hb9 and leave to use the restroom. when you come back, the hb9 is grinding intensely on the crouch of some guy who's much bigger than you. how do you handle this situation?  "hey do you mind that's my sister"
t3_3klxiw-t3_3klxiw-cuyki1x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7353	i was 16.  i came out to my folks because i wanted to be taken to a doctor, because bisexuality/interest in other guys hit me so abruptly that i seriously though i had brain cancer or something. (i'm not exaggerating, it seriously felt like i'd suddenly become possessed, or my own brain was betraying me.)  my worst fear at the time was that it was actually the case, though i'd have been quite prepared to believe it if someone had suggested i'd been abducted by aliens and had something implanted in my skull.
t3_3780wd-t3_3780wd-crl4kgs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this will get buried but damn , that's awful.  i was sitting here a bit tipsy and saw this post.  i remembered that in the 90's i was a summer camp counselor to a 10 year-old with muscular dystophy. sometimes i think of that kid and get sad.  i forgot his name for all these years...i was a teenager at the time.  somehow i just remembered it, and looked him up with google-fu.  looks like he was alive as of 2012, being hailed a local hero in his town's newspaper!  i thought that was cool but then realized that 18 some odd years later whether or not he's alive doesn't mean much. he'll be dead soon and he's probably completely incapacitated. also, i have brain cancer and i'm stoned. you'd not think all that's true but it is. :(
t3_2a8di7-t1_cisjlho-cisrm83	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had two panic attacks in my life, one after i got very motion sick from a game i was playing (never happened before) and couldn't explain the very sudden onset of nausea so i thought i had brain cancer or something and it just sent me into a panic, and the other just before my son was born in a culmination of all kinds of stress.   my wife kept saying i just needed to calm down, and i had a hell of a time trying to explain to her that it wasn't possible. the closest i got was "you know when you come around the corner and someone surprises you and you tense up and flail your arms and you feel like you either have to fight them or run away at top speed? i feel like that just sitting here and there's nothing i can do to change it"  i'm not sure most people realize that in your logical mind, you're like "i'm having a panic attack. there's nothing to be paniced about, and i need to relax" but your brain is still like "batten down the hatches! fuck this! fuck that! omg go into overdrive!"
t3_1iqbus-t1_cb6zd8s-cb729do	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5895	and he could allow us all to live forever, in this physical iteration, but he doesn't. that is not the way the process works in the way that he has set it up. none of us should pretend that we understand every aspect of why things are set up the way they are, but we can look at a couple of things. it behooves us to have a finite amount of time here, in this iteration, if we concede that the reason we are here is to grow as much as we can before we move on to the next iteration. we are very good at squandering our time and opportunities for growth. there are many things that can propel us forward, but one of the most effective is coming up on the end of our life. as that moment approaches our perspective gets clearer and our priorities become more properly aligned (we no longer worry about things like what color our next car will be and start worrying about things like what kind of legacy we hope to leave with those we love).   having said that, i certainly hope you don't die soon. and while i would recommend that you use this time to focus on things that are *ultimately* important to you, i also want to say that there is hope for you. medical science is always making progress in the area of treating cancer effectively. my mother died of cancer when i was ten and if she were around today and developed the cancer that she had, it may not have been her end. additionally, i have a cousin that had brain cancer and it looked like he wouldn't make it, but he stayed strong and they treated him for quite some time, in various ways, and he is fine today, living a normal life and working on his family farm with the rest of his family.   i always recommend books by dr. bernie seigel to people with cancer. he is a surgeon, and a spiritual man, who decided to study cancer survivors to see if there were things that we could learn from those who won the battle. his work is thought provoking and even inspirational. his first book is called "love, medicine and miracles" and is available in audio form as well as written.  stay strong brother (sister?)
t3_1yb3ts-t3_1yb3ts-cfixf71	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6463	my grandma died in 2008, i think the worst thing i've done was not think about her a lot.  when my parents we're getting divorced she was always there for me and was such a good person, she was diagnosed with lung cancer and eventually contracted brain cancer and died at her home.  i was young enough not to remember a lot of her being there but enough to have really sore spots in my head when i think about things she did for me.  even now i feel bad because i only think about her when someone brings her up.
t3_2kwxmy-t3_2kwxmy-clpfqeu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5091	i had a lemon sized brain tumor and i can't tell you how many times i had to explain that it was growing *under my skull* when they looked at my head quizzically because they couldn't *see* it.
t3_13wsz1-t3_13wsz1-c77z6cg	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i would travel if i could and tell everyone i know how i feel about them.   hang in there op, i have a friend that has had brain cancer 3 times, a 3rd of his brain removed (and the bastard is still one of the smartest people i know). point is, even if it is cancer it doesn't mean it's a death sentence.
t3_fkah8-t1_c1gk7gm-c1gl2hh	brain_cancer	relevant	0.67	main reason is most likely my older sister.  she had a brain tumor that was removed when she was 17 (i was 13).  because of this she has to live with my parents and will never be able to live on her own. i am sure there are other things but i think that it my main drive.
t3_6dx4v-t3_6dx4v-c03kyh9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6759	didn't we have this argument in the late nineties?  i've been using mobiles for over 10 years since i was 13 and i have no brain cancer yet. i will be sure to let the world know the second i get diagnosed with it.
t3_26ljw6-t1_chs90h7-chsafwq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"i got hit in the face, and my nose is bleeding. it says here that might mean i have brain cancer. do you think that getting hit dislodged the tumor or something?"
t3_1obexl-t1_ccqmizo-ccqozy6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that shit is low. my mother did the same thing. before i changed my number, i got the cancer story... when that didn't work, she told everyone that she was schizophrenic and that nothing was her fault because she was schizophrenic.   she's not schizophrenic. she has just destroyed her brain with meth.
t3_2jex7k-t3_2jex7k-clbng9g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother had breast cancer a couple years ago but she had the tumour removed and she managed to get through it, some months ago my parents told me that her breast cancer had come back but that she still had a couple years most likely and some people have lived for quite a long time with it and that she was going to have chemo to help slow it down and help with it, skip forward a couple months and everything seemed fine but she stopped the chemo for a couple of weeks because of how sick she was getting from it she started having pain in her leg and couldn't walk on it anymore so she was taken to the hospital.  my mother was taken to the hospice after being in the hospital for a week and i was told a couple days ago that her cancer has spread to her meninges in the brain and her skull and spine and that she probably has weeks if not days to live.  just 3 weeks ago she was moving around the house fine like everything was normal and now suddenly this.  my dad is broken i'm broken i'm less suicidal and more just.... unable to feel anything other than than sporadically crying when ever i'm reminded of the situation i can't even imagine a life without my mother i have no idea how i'm going to cope with doing anything in my life right now.
t3_2florw-t1_ckag7vq-ckasn1n	brain_cancer	relevant	0.522	i work with this woman who i've been told has a brain tumor or something. she only comes in for two hours on the days she comes in, during lunch. she cleans the lobby, wipes down trays, and always seems extremely mad about it.   she always acts like she hates her job, but you see her with a red and black beanie that matches her mcdonald's uniform when she's walking to and from work....
t3_8h7c7-t3_8h7c7-c09a4oy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;lolz he kinda duz look lyk he dus hav bad breath n dat he'z a rapist pedophile lolz.. imma say nuthin bout da comment afta "go bing bong brothers!!!!"....  i think i have brain cancer now.
t3_1jzwvj-t1_cbk2hu3-cbkc2hi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a brain tumor recently forced my hand with my 15 year old pit mix, i feel your pain, he's better now.
t3_vehcs-t3_vehcs-c53ywzi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5133	last summer i found out i had brain cancer, after my brain hemorrhaged. now, every six months, i find a girl, sob and tell her i'm scared my cancer's back, and it works, every time. still cancer free too.
t3_2v2gw4-t1_coehhhu-coehrbj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8351	hahah yeah...this chick in one year had influenza, h1n1 (she swore), various colds, migraines (after i was dianosed with them), a broken foot (after another person actually did break their foot she showed up with a brace a few days later saying she also did), a brain tumor (after another person was diagnosed with cancer) as well as various other ailments and car trouble. she was always late for work and started playing managers off one another telling mgr b that mgr a let her go early (when mgr a did no such thing).    i think they were afraid if they fired her she would actually sue so they let her eventually quit (and she did try to get rehired which was great to hear since she fucked up so badly her last day our manager finally got off her own ass and made sure she was unhireable ever again).
t3_3nv3rv-t1_cvtf0ep-cvtljup	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've got add and ocd and i'm just learning mindfulness now that ibgot myself a therapist and the key aspect is that you take your awareness and you tone it down.  my ocd tends to manifest as hypochondria a lot. i'll have a brief headache and then spend 3 days where every waking moment i think i might have brain cancer, sometimes giving myself an anxiety attack over it ( which just adds to the "evidence" that i have cancer). or i'll notice my hand is shaking and think i'm getting parkinson's...even though i just finished a really hard workout and most of me is shaking.  mindfulness is where you make a point to examine and be aware of and acknowledge  the thoughts, but you then basically consciously decide to relabel them as fringe thoughts. like "i think i have cancer because of a headache. it is okay to have this thought, but it was not me that had this thought, it was generated by my brain, a brain programmed to be a little too good at recognizing possible threats. i am the conscious mind, and i know that it is very unlikely that i have brain cancer. headaches are a normal thing people get."
t3_231s7g-t1_cgt7f4r-cgtcfta	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have gone to doctors at the va (granted, they aren't the best doctors in the world) and they say i have major depressive disorder, which can cause all types of strange sensations and symptoms you wouldn't ever think of.   but, i swear to god i have brain cancer or something. i just don't feel good. i don't feel right. they have done lots of bloodwork and stuff, and everything came back normal.   so, i guess that's it: major depressive disorder. but i mean, if i could just get this under control i could do anything. graduate summa cum laude from any university. but i can't get my brain right. i can't get any energy.   wtf.   fuck.   god damn it.   i don't want to do anything special with my life. i just want to be happy. and i'm not afraid to do whatever it takes to feel normal.   i have a mri scheduled for next week. i pray they find something definitive (well, not literally pray; but i really hope they find something).
t3_3eylrv-t3_3eylrv-ctjo9vi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was wondering the same thing! i figure he could said she had a brain tumor and that's why she hadn't been at work and had been acting crazy. maybe she attacked him and someone else (trubal) had to kill her to save him? or she succumbed and they cremated her.
t3_2etq78-t3_2etq78-ck2wwa9	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6761	my mom had a brain tumor that messed with her hormones and made her skin tan.  it was from cushings disease but i don't know how exactly it made her skin tan.
t3_25a60m-t1_chf8xcz-chfkc9p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	or it would make zero sense to make him and adc. considering his theme based on the images we saw would place him along mage/support/caster...   i sigh every time i have to read brain cancer like your comments.
t3_413mfw-t1_cyzb1ff-cyzbp26	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hypothetically spoken, if i tell you i have brain cancer and im dead, and you say no the fact that you still breath and shit means you are alive... ^^ get my point?
t3_zepk1-t3_zepk1-c646vau	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have grade iv malignant brain cancer (glioblastoma multiforme) and it formed in my right parietal lobe , just above my right ear. i know that there is no conclusive evidence that cell phones cause brain cancer, but i'll be damned if i don't always use speaker phone now. the chances of my getting gbm are astronomically low considering that i was 25 when i contracted it. the age group that this disease most frequents are over double my age and have lived their lives. if you can, use speakerphone on your cell phone and hold it away from your nugget. i never thought it could happen to me but here i am, typing this to you with just my right hand because almost my entire left side of my body doesn't function due to the tumor's placement in my motor cortex.
t3_45mudt-t1_czz59zj-d008o30	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7582	you are describing my mom. she died of brain cancer in my arms.  but she damn sure kicked and screamed and fought for three years as it metasized from her colon through her liver and on up through her brain.  she was a member of a cancer patient group who explained how to save up deadly meds from prescriptions so they could end their life if they chose, and she told me a year or so before her death that she was saving up pills, but at the end, she died not by choice.  still, she kicked and screamed at death until it took her even though she was unconscious, or at least unable to respond to word or touch for the final two days.
t3_13rfnn-t1_c76kqm4-c76ork3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	going by my experiences with my alcoholic mother, not really.  when she gave up drinking she quit cold turkey.  probably 5 years later she would have a glass of wine at dinner if my dad offered it to her.  it wasn't nice to watch her trying to control herself and drink "normally".  she'd nurse her drink and take small sips but it was obvious her glass was the most important thing in the room to her.  after a few years she thought she could control her demons, and she bacame more relaxed about drinking.  this led to her falling off the wagon a few times.  my dad said to me once there is no such animal as a "cured alcoholic".  only a dry alcoholic.  interestingly, my mum did seem to completely cured of her alcoholism right at the end of her life - she developed lung cancer (yaay!) which spread to her brain.  in the last several months of her life suddenly she developed the ability to drink responsibly - something she had never been able to do my whole life.  i figure she must have had a tumour growing somewhere in her brain that somehow "blocked" her addiction.
t3_1av2v2-t3_1av2v2-c9176xa	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my sister had trouble tying her shoes. her left hand was a little weak. next it started twitching now and then. then it was her arm, her foot, and her leg.   i begged her to see a doctor. she yelled at me, "there is nothing wrong with my brain!"  she died nine days ago from lung cancer with brain metastases.
t3_1vf53j-t3_1vf53j-cerojzt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8444	she had glioblastoma multiforme. she fought like hell, and made it 5 months longer than expected. she had such a beautiful soul. she was my little sister, but i looked up to her and her strength, going through something so devastating yet was the most uplifting person to be around. always smiling  and laughing, she made an impact on everyone she met. :)
t3_48fxxs-t3_48fxxs-d0j9a4p	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	well, i have brain cancer. brain tumors are only ~2 or 3 percent of all cancers. my tumor is *extremely* rare and only accounts for about half a percent of all brain tumors iirc.  i've never met anyone else with it, all of my doctors but one have never seen it (and thus have no idea what to do with it ofc).  my 'best' or most experienced doctor has seen *one* before.  that moment when i join the brain tumor society as a mentor and have to defend myself to the organizers that yes, it's a real tumor, no, i'm not making things up.
t3_46wq1j-t3_46wq1j-d092ep7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you should make it so you can only read what the offender said.  anyways a pretty cool website. i went through couple of cases and i think i have some sort of brain cancer but it was worth.
t3_3ntza2-t1_cvrksh8-cvrzpb4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6519	i've spent the last 8+ years fighting to remove my baby brother from my abusive mom's house.  14 appeals later and my only lucky break was her randomly dying.  now i *may* have a chance to get him out...  fun fact: i have a brain tumor that means i get pretty extensive head scans.  thanks to my mom's gentle care, my neurologist found  i have some gnarly scar tissue on my brain.  it was weird getting diagnosed with shaken baby syndrome at age 25...
t3_1vz5cu-t3_1vz5cu-cexolmf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6415	my sister had a brain tumor leaving her severely disabled her whole life, no walking, talking, seeing, or eating. she died when i was 7 and it is 100% true that life became infinitely easier. we could now go on vacations and my parents could sleep at night. it did not hurt anyones feelings talking about how our lives were easier because it was true. our lives were not happier, but they were easier.
t3_4z25wo-t1_d6s8xt4-d6sf1jf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i worked in a lab where i had to give mice brain cancer. i wanted to get t-shirts for the lab that said "caution: may cause cancer in laboratory animals"  none of my coworkers thought it was as funny as i did.
t3_1tesuq-t3_1tesuq-ce7lea6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	buy bitcoins   buy some more bitcoins   get my grandparents to buy a shitload of bitcoins   make my grandma go to the doctor for that brain tumor  spend more time with her   make sure her husband isn't out buying meth when he has his stroke   make my dad buy bitcoins
t3_16geiy-t3_16geiy-c7vwruo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've known someone that had a brain tumor and it was a bitch but they made it work. having seen them soldier through all that crap, i just wanted to say good luck to you and keep on keeping on good sir!
t3_x9ixo-t3_x9ixo-c5kkeiv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	probably going to be buried, but it pisses me off because it is my own sister. she will make up any lie to make you feel sorry for her so she can get out of all responsibilities...she is 39 years old.  -once told her boss that she had to quit because her daughter has a brain tumor and she had to stay with her...it was just a cyst on her eye.  -then told my parents that they fired her because she would come in on her days off so they would let her and her two kids move in with them.  -told my parents that her old landlord at the city paid housing projects tried to over charge her rent because she wouldn't date him...turns out she wasn't paying anything..rent was 100.00 a month.  -when the city put a warrant out for her arrest because she owed them money, she would tell them that she was me to try to get out of going to jail, but they caught on quickly. i had to start hiding my drivers license because she would steal it...  - when my parent had to move to a different city, she tried to convince them to let her boyfriend come and live with them because she thought she was pregnant... she had her tubes tied..my parents said no.  she made my childhood a living he'll and has no regard to who she is hurting as long as she can get her way.
t3_4mu2oy-t3_4mu2oy-d3yd89z	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad was about 9 yrs ago. i don't even remember what it was. probably just a "hey, is mom home? can you give her the phone?" then he died unexpectedly in a plane crash.   my mom was about 8 yrs ago. she had been brought home from the hospital for hospice, advanced kidney cancer that had spread to her brain and lungs within a month of being diagnosed. it was more talking too her as opposed to with her because she was doped up on pain meds. told her it was ok, that she was home, and she could go on and that i'd be fine.
t3_qxqnq-t1_c41bchg-c41d08p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6711	awesome, my mom had a tumor removed from her brain about 7 years ago shit was scary but she is doing good.
t3_t0wkc-t3_t0wkc-c4il7yl	brain_cancer	relevant	0.638	i remember distinctly when my whole family (extended and all) rented a house at the beach. i was maybe 10 years old. lots of hijinks ensued. my cousin almost drowned because no one was watching him. another cousin (8 year old) who had a brain tumor was left to her own devices. she could barely walk and talk and spent most of her time dragging herself up or down the stairs. she died shortly after that. there was heavy drinking by many parties and quite a bit of fighting.   but, my grandma did get a bunch of us matching pajamas. and there was a ping pong table. that was kinda cool.
t3_39wemj-t1_cs764b4-cs849d9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know. i was raised into being a morbidly obese child (i'm losing the weight now, as a once obese but currently overweight teen) and my parents once found an old reddit account where i mentioned how screwed up by it i was. they were offended, told me to never go on reddit again, and how i should be happy i wasn't abused. apparently i was a horrible child for not rolling over to childhood obesity. huh.  edit: i just remembered, most of the weight i gained because i had brain cancer and my parents were shocked and couldn't say anything that would make me unhappy. because logic dictates if you almost lost your child, to take their mind off it, you should try killing them.
t3_3jq2sd-t3_3jq2sd-cusga6n	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5139	i have brain cancer and that's never happened to me before. but then again, everyone has different symptoms. if you think it's something to be concerned about, i would definitely mention it to your doctor. it never hurts to ask what he/she thinks!
t3_15ha89-t1_c7mmg48-c7mmvrr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6804	my niece was 5 and my nephew was 2 months old when their mother passed away. my niece had a rough time growing up with her dad and my nephew has had a rough life with his dad and stepmother (they have different fathers, obviously). it hurts my heart so much to know that they don't have their mother to love them and protect them, like i know that she would. i do not have a close relationship with my nephew, but my niece is like my little sister (although i would fight for her like she were my own child). my niece does not remember very many things about her mother, and in some ways, i am glad. my sister died of a brain tumor at the age of 27. she had a very slow death and my niece watched her fade away. no child should endure that. i wouldn't wish for anyone to grow up without a parent. there are too many questions that they have when they do not have that person in their lives.
t3_2r0p9s-t1_cnbhkw1-cnbi3po	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	aw, thank you. =&gt; we had a good run- dad's dog was 16, my brother's was 15, and my girl was 10 (was expecting a few more years with her, but she had a brain tumor and we didn't win the fight). it's definitely not easy to give them up, but i'm thankful for the time i got.
t3_15lip4-t3_15lip4-c7nj1c8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8033	i had a skin tumor growing in my left ear. it completely filled up my inner ear and was going into my skull. over time it would have gotten into my brain causing unknown damage. not sure how close i was to death, but the fact that they had to cut off my ear, remove a chunk of my skull, rebuild my inner and outer ear, it was fairly serious.
t3_4xtpa3-t1_d6idfu8-d6k4hr7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6721	do you want someone to go in with you? my pal is semi retired and the most badass health advocate i have ever known.  i took her in to the eye specialist with me and i was acting all calm and she croaked from the seat where she was taking notes, "brain tumor! she thinks she might have a brain tumor!"  the eye doctor said, "i have lost two friends to brain cancer recently, it's a good idea for me to check," and then ruled it out. was an infection that affects my vision but now i know.  my friend could help you - or just take someone with you. find out. *internet hug*
t3_34muwv-t3_34muwv-cqwpbqk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5042	i had brain cancer a few years ago, and i gotta say...i had a great time. i was 18 at the time and they put me in the children's wing. all i did was eat dope food, color, and watch movies.
t3_2lj0ze-t3_2lj0ze-clv8x32	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a "friend" who faked having terminal brain cancer including staging her fake death and even communicated "post-mortem" with those of us throwing her funeral posing under the guise of a caring chemo treatment nurse. people are fucked up.
t3_10ojp3-t3_10ojp3-c6fex7j	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8058	you are very lucky.   i lost my mother to brain cancer.  it was horrible to watch her go through that. she lived one year after being diagnosed. her dr. told her when she had her tumor removed that she would never ride her harley again and would be lucky to ever drive a car. two months before she passed she put 3500 miles on her bike. that was 8 years ago.  i miss the hell out of her.
t3_1xyn79-t1_cffv7a0-cfg2t83	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6637	around 10 years ago, my wife had a similar experience. she dreamt her grandma was writing a letter and she could hear the words as she wrote them. it said something like: "i won't be around for much longer. hold on to [flaviusmaximus] as he is a good man." (we were in the very early stages of our relationship at the time.)  she was pretty freaked out for a few days but managed to forget about it.  a couple of weeks later, she was diagnosed with brain cancer and a few months after that she passed away.
t3_u8sla-t3_u8sla-c4teikj	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6525	hey man, fellow brain cancer survivor here. i was diagnosed with inter-cranial germinoma brain cancer at 26 and it changed my life. i know the hell you're going through but stay strong brother. i know there are so many obstacles at this moment but find the power that resides in all of us. i'm wishing you the best and take care.
t3_1b0zh8-t3_1b0zh8-c92nb0o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5873	my mother had a brain tumor when she was pregnant with me. the doctors warned her against getting pregnant. i survived her cancer. she unfortunately did not.
t3_2b2s9q-t3_2b2s9q-cj18edm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6754	don't want to say it was planned treatment, but my dog had a brain tumor and she started sitting on my lap after she was diagnosed. this was odd because she never wanted to be around when i was burning before..  regardless, i'd like to think it was relaxing for her during her last days
t3_u8sla-t1_c4tcx9g-c4tcxqe	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7545	(page 3)  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taaz7?context=1) (daimakaicho):**  &gt; what specific tumor do you have?  &gt;  &gt; have you found yourself wanting to do a lot of research or ask a lot of questions to better understand what is going on inside your head, or do you prefer to just let the doctors do their thing? &gt;  &gt; do you have a girlfriend? if so, has she been supportive through all of this? if not, when would you mention this in the course of the relationship?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4takcs?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i have a stage iii oligodendroglioma. from what i've read they're very slow growing and not known to be metastatic (spread). when i was diagnosed my doctor told me i had the "best" kind due to its nature. i still laugh about that. i'm a sucker for irony. &gt;  &gt; i did a bunch of research and i found it to be too depressing. i just let my doctor do his thing. i have an mri every 3 months and he tells me what it's doing (so far: nothing. which is good.) &gt;  &gt; my love life was already fairly complicated before all this happened. i was seeing someone for a few months but we broke up about a 6 weeks after this happened (we're still friends though). &gt;  &gt; a week before i was rekindling something with my high school sweetheart (we were on and off for 7 years almost), we had gone out to see the grinch musical (her favorite dr suess character) in december 2010. we were just hanging out and being friends at the time. it seemed like we were going to get back together (as had been our habit/pattern over the time we had known each other).  &gt;  &gt; the day before my seizure i got back together with an ex-girlfriend, we'll call her d.  &gt; d and i dated from july 2009 to may 2010, and we were on and off after she cheated on me in february 2010 (after we had a fight), we stayed together but were constantly fighting most of our relationship anyway. it was toxic to say the least).  during this time i was experience mood swings and was anxious. i want to contribute part of this to the fact that i had brain tumor in my left frontal lobe i didn't know about and i couldn't really compensate for an issue i didn't know anything about. &gt;  &gt; when i woke from my coma i had lost my memory of the previous few weeks, my last really clear memory was january 1st, and i did a polar bear dip on new years day. this particular ex, we had gone out a few times as well before and i was falling in love with her again, wanting to forgive and all that. i woke up and found out she had been contacting my family and friends and i had no idea why. i freaked out and told her to leave me alone.  &gt;  &gt; it took about 4 months for my memory to fully comeback and we had actually gotten back together two days before my seizure. i got back with my on again/off again and that didn't last long before i finally made the decision to break the cycle of breaking up and getting back together, because i honestly didn't see us getting married. we're still really good friends. d and i don't talk anymore.  &gt;  &gt; i've dated a few girls since, and i don't like mentioning it but sometimes the conversation just kind of goes that way "so why did you take 2 years off school instead of just 1?" is a pretty good segway into that. &gt;  &gt; but to be honest, i have no idea how to bring people into this crazy situation. dating was difficult before and it seems like its even harder now. or maybe its the exact same. i don't know. &gt;  &gt; one girl i dated i met while i was actually cycling on temodar while i was out for a friend's birthday, it was getting time for me to take my meds and i had to excuse myself. she asked why and it was pretty awkward. &gt;  &gt; i really shouldn't have been dating anyone while i was going through treatment, to be quite honest.  &gt;  &gt; i've had good reactions to the "i have incurable brain cancer" line, as in they still continue to act like girls and be wishy-washy and play games. i try to avoid girls like that now anyway. focusing more on quality of a person. dating is all about meeting the "right" girl. so it's pretty easy to filter through all the wrong ones. &gt;  &gt; **but** i suppose this is just part of what i'm doing to be a better person. i was a jerk and didn't live to my fullest, now i've been giving the opportunity to be the person i want to be, so that's what i'm doing. i approach things with patience and understanding, and give people enough space to still be themselves. i think my problem has just been meeting people who aren't in a place to settle down and date seriously, while that is the way i approach potential girlfriends. i don't want flings and i want commitment. it's not easy. &gt;   *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taaxn?context=1) (waydat):**  &gt; i don't have any questions..just wishing you the best. most, in life, are never tested like you've been.. you've been through a lot and you are one, tough mother fucker.  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4takhg?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; thank you! it is much appreciated.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taav5?context=1) (janitor_bg):**  &gt; were there any other symptoms or what is only the one sudden seizure that indicated something like that is going on? hope this shit doesn't come back, man, cancer is a bitch.  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4talua?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i was experience headaches and mood swings, but i just attributed those to being stressed from school, drinking too much, and just kind of being depressed. but those didn't seem too out of the ordinary because again, i was still in school and stressing about finishing and all that. &gt;  &gt; after the seizure, my doctor (and my therapist who i only go to see as a personal support...its nice having someone who is pretty objective and has a medical license) have both told me that because of where my tumor is located that the symptoms of anxiety, depression, mood swings, headaches, are all consistent with what was going on in my head.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tagdt?context=1) (vviikkrraanntt):**  &gt; are you in any kind of physical pain? &gt;   **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tant2?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i actually feel great right now. i run several times a week, go to the gym, and i'm working too jobs. i try to keep myself busy because then i don't get a chance to dwell on something that is out of my control. i get headaches sometimes still, but they're never really bad. &gt;  &gt; during treatment was a different story. the temodar has mild side-effects compared to other forms of chemo (another attribute to the "best" kind of brain cancer one can get). it was mostly nausea, feeling exhausted and tired, and my favorite: constipation. i was able to work around the latter by just eating better to keep things regular. there were a couple cycles where i wasn't regular and it was difficult to be around me because i was being such a jerk.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taslp?context=1) (i_minored_in):**  &gt; i'm sorry to hear that.  my mom is on the tail end of battling breast cancer.  what is your expected life expectancy?  awesome scar though!!! i bet you can pull some ladies with it :)  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tauxr?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; life expectancy varies. being young and having a good reaction to the treatment i could have anywhere from 5-20 years. i met a guy who is a 19 year survivor and he had just started his temodar treatments. i guess i am kind of approaching this with the attitude of "if i make it to 40 i'm going to be the happiest 40 year old ever"! &gt;  &gt; the scar actually is barely noticable now. my hair has grown in and i haven't cut it short in over a year. you can't even tell i had my head cut open (unless you feel the area where they went in. there is a slight depression on the left side of my skull above my left eye/forehead). &gt;  &gt; all the best to your mom for her battle. there has been loads of advancements in breast cancer treatment so i hope it goes well!  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tatvl?context=1) (soigroeg):**  &gt; have you start believing in supernatural things you hadn't believed before? like god, of any kind of afterlife?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taxs8?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i've never been a believer in any specific religion, they all seem to have the credo of "treat everyone fairly" which is what i've been trying to do since all of this started. &gt;  &gt; as for the afterlife: i'm not sure what that is going to be like. i suppose i think it could be similar to being in a coma, which was like....nothing. i just woke up and regained consciousness.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tb526?context=1) (jonasthomson):**  &gt; first of all, my dad had brain cancer in the late 70's incurable to, he got over it and is living till this day, so dont give up. &gt;  &gt; second in which part of the brain is it located and if so did it affect you in a weird/funny way like, speaking gibberish or something like that?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tb6gh?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; well that's great to hear! what kind of cancer is it, if you don't mind me asking? &gt;  &gt; it's in my left frontal lobe, i had issues with mulitasking, mood swings, and headaches. knowing about it helps me manage it, so it's almost a non-issue at this point.   *****  (continued below)
t3_4t62m0-t1_d5exlzl-d5ext9y	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes!  people started acted like i was going to die!  i appreciate when people are nice to me and stuff but it gets annoying because they act like i have brain cancer or something.  like worst case scenario i might have to quit football and not be able to have kids hahaha.
t3_4wa2fb-t1_d66c47c-d66diix	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you.  in her case she had symptoms: extreme fatigue, 50 lb weight gain a year. three doctors turned her away, 4th one diagnosed her correctly, but by then it had spread to her brain giving her 500 seizures a day.  she died soon after. cancer sucks. but some doctors suck as well.
t3_3xfghf-t3_3xfghf-cy4c6us	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	bisexuality was something which hit me very abruptly in my mid-teens. i've never been able to come up with any explanation for that, even considering some of the wackier theories.  i didn't develop any sexual feelings toward other guys until i was 16. that happened almost literally overnight, was *very* disconcerting, and left me dealing with this "stranger to myself" thing for a fair while. it really was *that* incongruous compared to anything i'd ever thought or felt toward anyone of my own gender, and for a while i seriously thought i had brain cancer or something. i have had numerous people try to tell me i was just "suppressing" before that, but i've never been able to come up with any memory of any thought or feeling which supports that idea, no matter how hard i've tried.
t3_2vzpsv-t1_comi1fk-comiykb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this all started 20+ yrs ago. she told my mom that she was wealthy and came from money. she was married and had been when one day she comes in and tells my mom she had started dating a guy 30 years younger. she bought him clothes, took frequent trips to ny to visit him, furnished his apartment, bought him a car... less than a month before her diagnosis, she and her boyfriend were buying a house in martha's vineyard. then she started falling seemingly for no reason. her husband took her to figure out why, got the brain tumor diagnosis, and immediately went into hospice care. her husband received a few bills that made him suspicious and there was someone calling her phone constantly. it was the boyfriend trying to get her to finish signing papers on the house. he asked my mom about it and she told him everything. he then told my mom the truth about how she never had money and left him with the inability to buy a gallon of milk. it was a clusterfuck that week. my mom spoke with the woman's friend in australia and even more truths came out.
t3_2kx3gb-t3_2kx3gb-clprsqy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7366	my daughter has epilepsy and has had seizures since she was two. her head did the exorcist twist thing, too. very freaky. when she was on depakote, she stopped having them for 5 years. we took her off and she has them again. she's now on oxcarbazepine and it seems ok, bit i'd prefer better. when she does have them now, they are right before she wakes up from a full nights sleep.  my father had brain cancer (not saying that's what's going on with her) and towards the end 13 years ago) he had grand mal seizures where he'd tense up but would shake violently and would have that look of absolute terror on his face, eyes wide just like you described. but no words were said. definitely kept me awake for a while and still haunts my dreams to this day. it's definitely scary. she could possibly be having night terrors as well. my younger daughter has those and screams bloody murder for 2-30 minutes. no calming her. eyes either closed or open.  man, i dunno. i'm sorry. i hope you can find answers our some relief for her. do you live in a state where medical marijuana or canibidol oil is legal? that could very well help with relieving all of it.
t3_1655cs-t3_1655cs-c7td9od	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	personal sized pumpkin pie (just make her eat it slowly so she doesn't choke on it). i fed one of my rats that had a brain tumor just before she passed, she loved it.
t3_2ztnml-t3_2ztnml-cpmistj	brain_cancer	relevant	0.752	my grandmother developed brain cancer when i was 20. she was basically my mother, my mom gave birth to me as a teenager and my father was abusive. i lived with my grandmother most of my life. she went a bit insane before she passed, like alzheimer symptoms. i held her hand as she died gasping in between breaths trying to say "i love you." she got pneumonia after i talked her into chemo. she only had 1 lung from a previous cancer. the pneumonia killed her. before she became sick she told me "i would never let anything happen to you." that sentence runs through my mind constantly. i sold every single thing i owned and moved 42 hours away from my hometown a month after she died and i will never move back.
t3_3g7nfq-t1_ctwbjd1-ctwby07	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8375	yeah, the rule of "anonymity + audience = total dickwad" and all that makes sense. it's simply *easier* to behave more poorly when you're faced with less consequences.  but that doesn't dismiss what i've said. there are other reasons for why they may be frustrated. very few people actually vent their frustrations or deal with their frustrations as well as they could and it often means that they harm others in the process.   i'm not going to dismiss the person as "bad" just because they had an unhealthy vent that i know of. i've pursued conversations after i've been told that i have brain cancer and gotten reason out of them, and tried to help. you don't get anything by thinking they're bad except a negative mentality and they don't get anything because you and others that think similarly don't give them help.
t3_10kge5-t1_c6eaecd-c6eb0cr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7591	uh... she didn't fuck a ghost. she had a brain tumor which made her hallucinate having sex with her dead patient/boyfriend.
t3_1j6aj8-t1_cbblev2-cbbqdfp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.761	there should be other aspects taken too. when i was 10 i had brain cancer in my cerebellum so now i am unsteady on my feet all the time and my motor skills have diminished substantially but i can drive fine. the only reason i drive now is because i have the knowledge that breathalyzers exist.
t3_pn345-t3_pn345-c3qq117	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had brain cancer and i thought it was a bad case of migrain. so, severe headache came when you got up in the morning (got worse the more the tumour grew), and randomly throughout the day. coffee and physical activity help with the headaches, like running, also had some double vision at random times. the tumour was discovered when i finally checked what my headaches came from and i was directly hospitalized and couldnt leave the hospital because they thought i would faint or die or something. i was operated pretty soon after i was hospilazed. so my tip, always check what your headache comes from, :).
t3_3c2siz-t1_csrwmfo-csrxwp0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7529	nope i'm dead serious and i believe it might have actually been like $403,000. my sister had a brain tumor when she was very young and my parents spent over $1 million dollars getting it fixed in doctors bills. before we had insurance
t3_tmczx-t3_tmczx-c4nx569	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6827	had to tell my mom that she couldn't hold my daughter if no one was around because she almost dropped her.  she was diagnosed with a terminal brain tumor the day my daughter was born, about 4 months in she was at our house and nodded off and almost dropped our daughter.  toughest thing i had to do was to tell her she couldn't hold her unless someone else was there to watch over them both.
t3_37a1oz-t3_37a1oz-crl72g1	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5925	**tl;dr  1) lost some hearing in my right ear, 2 doctors said nerve damage, found a benign mass, gone after brain surgery. 2) slept with contacts in, woke up with painful eye. thought it was an eye infection, optometrist discovers 5 corneal ulcers. almost lost eyesight but end up keeping it.**   first: as a sophomore in college, i spent about 2 months complaining about my cell phone being broken. this was due to the fact that i couldn't understand what anybody was saying to me whenever they called. one day, i pick up a call while i'm driving and switch hands to make a turn. while doing this i realize two things: 1) my phone is working beautifully and i could hear them crystal clear and 2) it wasn't my phone that was broken, my hearing on my right side was broken. so, i tell my parents, and go see an ent. this doctor took a look, did a hearing test, and told me it was just nerve damage, there was nothing he could do, and that i should listen to my music with less volume...   my father didn't like this diagnosis, and thought it was odd i was losing hearing in only one ear and not both, so we sought a second opinion. the second doctor said the same thing, it was most likely nerve damage; however, since i was only 19 at the time, and was only losing my hearing in my right ear, she sent me for an mri, just to rule out anything else. this was even though she thought it was just nerve damage.   two days later i'm in class and i get a phone call. being the good student i was (go ahead and laugh, i just did) i let it go to voicemail and during my break went to check it (using my good ear that is). it's my mother, who says, and i quote: "hey wafflechipbball, we got a call from your doctor, and she found a small mass in your ear canal. call me when you get a chance........" terrified that i had cancer (brain cancer), and in shock, i went back to class and sat numbly through a religious studies lecture. once the shock wore off and fear set it, i called back only to hear "oh it's most likely benign, i didn't mention that?".......... 9 hour brain surgery 8 months later and no more mass. also no more hearing, but hey, it wasn't brain cancer!  aaaaand second: this is a much shorter story. i had many complications following the surgery, one of which was temporary facial paralysis on my right side. this meant i couldn't close my right eye entirely, even when i slept (cue sleeping with eye lube and saran wrap taped to my face). this left me susceptible to getting a really dry eye. months later, i make the decision to sleep with my contacts in aka i forgot to take them out before i passed out. when i woke up, my eye was uncomfortable. i rubbed it a bit, and it started hurting pretty bad. by the end of the hour, i was in so much pain i couldn't open my eye. i thought i had an eye infection, so my cousin (who i was staying with at the time) took me to the er. the er doctor said in relative terms "fuck if i know? go see an optometrist." the optometrist took one look, and said "what the.... did you sleep with contacts in?" i said yes. he said "ok, well you have not one, not two, but five corneal ulcers." i was told i might then lost my eyesight on the same side i was completely deaf, which kinda sucked... thankfully, i retained my sight, although i do have a scar on my eye which follows my sight wherever i look...   have you ever had an ulcer inside your mouth? have you ever touched it with your tongue to see if it was still there only to have it sting with every touch? well imagine that pain. in your eye. every time you blink.....
t3_1iuupw-t3_1iuupw-cb8ls2a	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandfather was a member of kuomintang party in china and was wanted by the communist party for having a gun. they tracked him to his village, hung his dad, mom committed suicide, and brother thrown in labor prison for 50 yrs. grandfather had to escape to taiwan. my grandmother followed him since she was kicked out of her husband's house, being wife #4. she had a daughter that they kept but kicked her out. marrying my grandfather was only option for a ruined woman. after tiananmen square, my mom and her went to china and found out the girl died of starvation during mao's famine.  they life in taiwan gotno better. my grandfather had mistresses and tried to kill my grandma many times. pushing her from a window, putting arsenic in her food. hospital dont get involve when theres crime involved. he abused his kids and wife for years. my mom has scars on her buttocks from being stripped naked and beaten-at 17. he was paralyzed from car accident-like christopher reeves. my grandma took careof him til his death.   and when i was 14, found my dad had another marriage before my mom. he left his 1st wife with two girls behind. in taiwan 40 years ago, that really sucks for a sexiest society, a uneducated woman with no skills.  later, she had brain tumor and her daughters tried to contact my dad for money. (in some countries, no $, no admittance even in er).  my mom changed phone numbers etc to keep them away and she died. i finally found out the guilt my dad carried all these years about two years ago. my family sold some property and he insisted on giving the money to his daughters-which caused fights with my mom-since she felt it belongs to me.   how i feel? my grandfather was a dick to his family.  his loyalty to kmt and sacrifices to his party was noble. my dad? sorry for him. mom? a loss of respect. how can i complain? i grew up in us instead of taiwan, with a ms education, etc... but i do feel sad for everyone. i dont need to take my half sisters share. they deserve what little they got.
t3_3hygff-t1_cubu7ee-cubw3hb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've worked in bookstores for 17 years and just this year i started noticing frequent dizzy spells. i started freaking out, maybe i have brain cancer or i'm gonna go blind! then i read up about how dizziness is a symptom of anxiety that could be affected by caffeine. i had recently started taking am afternoon coffee around 3, and my coffees have extra espresso shots. i limited my coffee to my morning cup with reduced espresso and if i feel need an afternoon cup, i get the small one and make it half-caf. voila, dizzy spells gone.
t3_34a11z-t3_34a11z-cqtbeb9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7527	"you don't seem to properly appreciate the gravity of the situation."  "no, *you* don't seem to properly appreciate it."  "that's....you....you do know i'm about to kill you, right?"  "oh yeah, i realized that when i woke up in your van, hogtied."  "then why don't you care?"  "i'm already dead."  "no, no you're not."  "you're already dead."  "nope. try again."  "i've already killed you."  "that makes very little sense."  "i have brain cancer. a large inoperable tumor is pushing on my occipital lobe. i found out 4 months ago &amp; i'm already a month past due for a toe-tag."  "alright. *you're* dead. i'm fine."  "hardly."  "look, bitch. i'm fine. no strings on me. you're tied up. you're the twice dead slut tied to a tree in the deep woods."  "sure, but you have aids."  "i...wait, what?"  "you raped me. i have aids. aids &amp; syphilis. i started fucking anyone i could when i got my terminal diagnosis. i didn't want chemo, i wanted to have some fun until i died."  "you gave me aids?"  "no, *you* gave yourself *my* aids. and syphilis. can't forget that syphilis. i didn't want to fuck you, creep. you fucked me. now you've fucked yourself."  "no. i'm the black river rapist. you don't get to do this to me."  "you're right. you did this to yourself. but now, you're dead too. before you die, you'll go blind &amp; insane, you syphilitic retard. then the aids will get you."  "no. no. no no no no no no no."  "yes. oh yes, creep. you're dead. i've already killed you. you just haven't felt it yet. you didn't kill anyone tonight. i was already dead when you found me. i'll see you in hell."
t3_4bagc5-t1_d17isxx-d17oijz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	is this a normal thing?  i've never felt physical pain when embarrassed, rejected, or sad.  do i have the brain cancer in my acc?  edit:  seriously.  is it common to perceive pain when emotionally hurt or not?
t3_44aqyd-t1_czpcpvz-czpdrfu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh my gosh i am so sorry. your dad needs to have your mom wear depends like my mother did. is your mom under hospice care? she doesn't have to have cancer to be on their services. call them and they will come over and do an assessment. if she qualifies they will have a home health aide come in and do things for her that your dad shouldn't be doing. they will provide the diapers, chux, latex gloves and other things. also, if your mom has medicaid (if she doesn't she needs to get on it), she can get help through an agency called, american eldercare. they will also supply your mom with the things she needs including a hospital bed. my mother was completely incontinent and i had to catheterize her twice a day. her medicare paid for the sterile kits. my mother had dementia not from alzheimer's but it was just as bad. her brain stopped telling her legs to walk and to hold her up so she was an invalid. she got to the point where she could no longer hold her head up and during the last week of her life she could no longer sit up in her recliner which by the way was also supplied by hospice. she became bed ridden and she refused food (even though it was baby food) and she refused water. every time i tried to give her something she would choke on it. the body starts to shut down when the end comes. her kidneys stopped working and so did her hypothalamus which is for regulating the body's temperature. one minute she would be burning up and be soaking wet then the next minute she would be cold. it was really hard watching my mother die. i was giving her morphine as prescribed by hospice and during the last hour the nurse told me to up the dose and i did. i gave my mother the last dose at 4 p.m. and by 4:30 she was gone. so sad. it was so hard to see her go.
t3_4bu81s-t3_4bu81s-d1ckn6l	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had this something fierce a while ago, and while it still resurfaces from time to time, it's never been as bad as it was. i was concerned i was literally dying, though the 'diagnosis' changed from day to day depending on what i was particularly afraid of or stuck seeing.   what i did was to tell someone i trusted, s/o in my case, and ask him to keep help me keep track. it helped put things into perspective when i would freak out that the headache i had just had to be brain cancer and he'd ask me "what happened to the exploding gallbladder then, or the heart attack?" it was overwhelming at first but over time, it seriously cemented it in my head that this shit was changing more frequently than the weather, and that was the biggest help for me to crawl out of it.   the other half of it is seriously, let yourself get distracted. i have a lot of hobbies and picked up a few more during this period, and always having something to do was invaluable in keeping my mind above the metaphorical water.   finally, if you've got someone you can talk to, don't be afraid to vent. let the shit out, admit how crazy it sounds or how terrified you are, and let the shit out. sometimes it would make me freak out worse to admit to my boyfriend that i was convinced i was dying, but often enough hearing the words come out of my mouth was like a little forced sanity and made me realize just how ridiculous or blow-out-of-proportion it was.   i seriously hope you get through this sooner than later, because it's hellish being there. i spent most of the christmas season the year mine got bad sobbing at everything from commercials to circular ads, because i was fuck convinced it was my last year.   and hell, if you want to vent to someone who's been there, please feel free to pm me anytime.
t3_c6hck-t1_c0qgftr-c0qghrs	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6735	i had inoperable brain cancer a few years ago, but i manned up and beat that thing into remission. manning up is also an effective way of curing fibromyalgia and appendicitis.
t3_42iewq-t1_czakr84-czao4eb	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	no worries. i have had brain cancer basically all my life. 4 times to be exact. because of a tumor on my brain stem i basically had a stroke, i mean i passed out and was technically brain dead twice for 8 minutes a piece and was in a medical indust coma for over 5 days. i now suffer from stroke like effects. if you would like more information, i did a iama   iama 27 year old man and i have beaten brain cancer 4 times ama https://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/3c14sw/iama_27_year_old_man_and_i_have_beaten_brain/
t3_4xo2za-t3_4xo2za-d6h9exg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was visiting my friends at the university i'm attending (high school senior at the time, friends were freshmen in college) and we decided to do shrooms. after way too much tripping and paranoia i for some reason diagnosed myself with depression and called the cops on myself while sitting on the curb. the cop was cool and took me to a hospital and i began to have a panic attack when i said my friend's name, thinking that they would get in legal trouble for shrooms or whatever. the worst part came when two nurses began whispering to each other (probably laughing at how bad i was tripping) and i began fearing for my life. i had been diagnosed seizure prone for about 3 months and in my shroom dazed trip i was convinced those nurses were saying i had brain cancer with only minutes to live. i called my dad to come and hear my last rites and was telling my will to the cops as well as everything i wanted my brothers to do that i never got to do. it was scary believing i would die on that table having accomplished nothing in life, but maybe that's why i said i was depressed and called the cops in the first place. after too much tripping my dad finally showed up, and then i passed out and had a seizure. i truly felt like i experienced death and all its fears that night and i will never forget looking into that light before i seized.  tldr; shroom induced paranoia made me think i had terminal brain cancer and 5 minutes to live
t3_3ovfkq-t1_cw0rwet-cw0uwyv	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6508	a year ago my doctor scanned my brain a bunch and then told me that he strongly suspected i had a form of inoperable brain cancer. they had to do a biopsy to confirm, but if it came back positive i'd immediately start radiation therapy and possibly chemo.  this was in early december 2014. i had just married my wife that august and she was already pregnant with our first baby.   i was miserable. it was shitty. like tb, the cancer they suspected was in there had a median survival time of ~4 years, but i was younger than most who had it. but that didn't make me positive or motivated or optimistic. i was a grumpy, lazy and depressed person for weeks leading up to that surgery.  i went under the knife just before christmas. all the tests came back negative. there was no cancer, no parasite, no virus, no fungus, nothing. apparently i'm just epileptic and the swelling they mistook for a tumour might have just been caused by stress, anxiety or sleeplessness.  so i don't really know how tb is feeling. i went through a fraction of what he's going through for only a few weeks, and it really wrecked me. the fact that this is his second time through the ringer and he's being this positive is incredibly commendable.  good luck, john!
t3_446xhr-t3_446xhr-czo0w1e	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm an 11 year cancer survivor!  i have brain cancer (oligodendroglioma) they thought i had a glioblastoma but thanks to my very smart atheist husband we found out otherwise. long story,  i was told i only had one year to live.  then in 2006 i felt a lump in my breast which turned out to be stage 1 breast cancer (entirely unrelated to my brain cancer). there's hope! i understand your feelings regarding prayer but i had friends pray for me and one friend made me a prayer quilt.  even though i didn't believe in the church, i would lye in bed hugging that prayer quilt.  it gave me a lot of comfort.  hopefully, he can get a second opinion in regards to treatment.  if i hadn't i wouldn't be doing as well as i am.  edited to say the prayer quilt wasn't made by a mormon and for some odd reason that made me feel so much more hopeful.
t3_1ayyeb-t1_c923cx9-c926wn1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	feel sory for you. i was thought to have an allergy first, and then they thought it was gastritus after they rulled out brain tumor and when there was nothing left they agreed it was cvs
t3_2rgmjv-t1_cnfxsq1-cnhrl46	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5642	brain tumors aren't always easy to spot. my dog kept having these episodes where she would stare at things. she was kind of a goofball so we figured it was just her being her. it wasn't until i noticed something with her eye when we took her in. turns out all those times she spent staring at things for minutes at a time is because the tumor was swelling and putting pressure on her brain causing her to have a seizure like episode without her body convulsing, etc.
t3_4udmx3-t1_d5pl05g-d5pll1o	brain_cancer	relevant	0.759	i was diagnosed with a medical condition called neurofibromatosis type 2.  it causes me to grow tumors on my nerves, in particular my auditory nerves, my brain, and my spinal cord.  i've already had one major brain surgery performed to remove a tumor that was causing problems with migraines and could have potentially lead to epilepsy.  i still have several tumors on my auditory nerves that remain, some small tumors in my brain, and some tumors on my spine.  i am constantly going to doctors to see how they're developing, because there really isn't a whole lot they can do treatment-wise outside of risky surgery.
t3_3k3946-t1_cuuf4pr-cuv70hv	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5939	my aunt had a horrible stroke and then a brain tumor and deteriorated in 2 years. my uncle would take care of her every day and remind her that she was the most beautiful woman in the worls to him. she died in february.  she was married to my uncle for 55 years. he really couldn't live without her. in march, my mother had a dream that her sister, my aunt, told her it was time to take my uncle with her. then my uncle walked up to them and held my aunts hand. my mom woke up crying. my uncle died that very night.
t3_3srejs-t3_3srejs-cwzu1pj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	17 y/o with a single mom (sole provider of the house) who has been suffering the effects of her brain tumor as of lately since she's aging. her health has caused her to quit her second job, meaning not enough money for the bills. sucks because i can't do much to solve her problems and it feels like i'm just watching my mom gradually suffer from her health and finances.
t3_1jptef-t1_cbh8syt-cbhbfx1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7886	it's the only game i've ever played that gave me motion sickness, and the first time it happened i had a panic attack because the sickness didn't set in till a bit after i had been playing so i thought i had brain cancer or something. don't ask me why, i think that's kinda just the nature of a panic attack: irrational fear of death or something. never happened before or since. i just played the game in 10-15 minute bursts and felt okay till i finished it.
t3_2y98hv-t3_2y98hv-cp7h5a0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mouth guard has also helped tremendously. before i had one, i had to take advil daily and i thought i had brain cancer or something causing the headache until it was properly diagnosed by my dentist.
t3_1rpwpk-t3_1rpwpk-cdptqzn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6053	the day my dad didn't answer his phone. he always answers i thought to myself. my gut clenched and in my hearti knew something was wrong. three weeks later my dad died from a butterfly glioblastoma stage 4. (brain cancer). march 28th approximately 5:43 pm. changed my life.
t3_4z43e3-t3_4z43e3-d6twmz4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know how to say what i need to say, but i'm going to try my best.  when i started meditation i realized two things :  - being in the present is being aware of what happens around you, the same way you react to your waking alarm every morning.  - when you start thinking or overthinking things you are no more in the present thus you are less reactive to what is around you.  being in the present doesn't mean to have no thougths. it just means to focus your thinking and apply it to your surroundings. a good example of this is when you focus while doing a team sport or just solving a puzzle of logic. at these moments you are in the present because you react to what is around you. and to me this is what meditation is all about, the only difference being you're not doing anything.  when you start thinking or overthinking you run through your mind a lot of scenarios about one subject. and the mind is the worst friend for this because it's very good for creating catastrophic scenarios that will make you feel sad or afraid of certain situations that are not real. one example i have for this is being afraid to go see a doctor because of repeated headaches. at first your thought process is like this :   - "ow a headache"  - then it becomes "ow, another headache"  - and after the tenth headache you'll have in the same week, you might say to yourself "i might have brain cancer"  - and finally telling yourself "i don't wanna go see a doctor, what if he tells me i have brain cancer"  but all these scenarios don't mean you have cancer (fantasy), it just means you have headaches (fact). it might just mean you need glasses.  you can put it this way :  - being in the present is about reacting to things when they happen to you, not trying to avoid some scenarios or reliving things you would have wanted to have happened differently  - not being in the present is about being in your fantasies whether they're positive or negative and take the risk to take bad decisions or simply miss great opportunities. because positive thinking can be as bad as negative thinking if not managed properly. and, who knows, maybe because of not being in the present, you might not see this girl/boy that could be the one you were waiting/searching for (just an exemple, you can adapt that the way you want).   tl;dr : to me meditation is a way to control the fantasies that can go through my mind and keep my head clear so i can react properly to what happens around me.
t3_3bsewp-t1_cspkgx5-cspki8p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you have to have prior medical history that states you have a condition that cannabis can help alleviate, there is a ridiculously large list of conditions that cannabis can help with, i'll post it right away.  edit: here's the list, sorry for shitty formatting. copy pasting from a word document.   acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness   alcohol abuse   alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)   ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa  anxiety disorders  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis   arnold-chiari malformation   arteriosclerotic heart disease   arthritis   arthritis (rheumatoid)   arthropathy, gout   asthma   attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (add/adhd)   autism/aspergers   autoimmune disease   back pain   back sprain   bell's palsy   bipolar disorder   brain tumor, malignant   bruxism   bulimia   cachexia   cancer   carpal tunnel syndrome   causalgia   cerebral palsy   cervical disk disease   cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy   chemotherapy induced anorexia   chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy   chronic pain   chronic pancreatitis   chronic renal failure   cocaine dependence   colitis   conjunctivitis   constipation   crohn's disease   crps (complex regional pain syndrome type ii)   cystic fibrosis   damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease   degenerative arthritis   degenerative arthropathy   delirium tremens   dermatomyositis   diabetes, adult onset   diabetes, insulin dependent   diabetic neuropathy   diabetic peripheral vascular disease  diarrhea   diverticulitis   dysthymic disorder   dystonia   eczema   elevated intraocular pressure   emphysema   emphysema   endometriosis   epidermolysis bullosa   epididymitis   epilepsy   felty's syndrome   fibromyalgia   fibrous dysplasia   friedreich's ataxia   gastritis   genital herpes   glaucoma   glioblastoma multiforme   graves disease   headaches, cluster   headaches, migraine   headaches, tension   hemophilia a   henoch-schonlein purpura   hepatitis c   hereditary spinal ataxia   hiv/aids   hospice patients   huntington's disease   hydromyelia   hypertension   hypertension  hyperventilation   hypoglycemia   hyrdocephalus   impotence   inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis   inflammatory bowel disease (ibd)   insomnia   intermittent explosive disorder (ied)  interstitial cystitis   intractable pain   intractable vomitting   lipomatosis   lou gehrig's disease   lupus   lyme disease   lymphoma   major depression   malignant melanoma   mania   melorheostosis   meniere's disease  motion sickness   mucopolysaccharidosis (mps)  multiple sclerosis (ms)   muscle spasms   muscular dystrophy   myasthenia gravis   myeloid leukemia   nail-patella syndrome   neurofibromatosis   nightmares   obesity   obsessive compulsive disorder   opiate dependence   osteoarthritis   panic disorder   parkinson's disease   peripheral neuropathy   peritoneal pain   persistent insomnia   porphyria   post concussion syndrome   post polio syndrome (pps)   post-traumatic arthritis   post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)  premenstrual syndrome (pms)   prostatitis   psoriasis   pulmonary fibrosis   quadriplegia   radiation therapy   raynaud's disease   reflex sympathetic dystrophy   reiter's syndrome   residual limb pain   restless legs syndrome (rls)  rheumatoid arthritis   rosacea   rsd (complex regional pain syndrome type 1)   schizoaffective disorder  schizophrenia   scoliosis   sedative dependence  seizures   senile dementia  severe nausea   severe pain   severe vomiting   shingles (herpes zoster)  sinusitis   sjoren's syndrome   skeletal muscular spasticity   sleep apnea   sleep disorders   spasticity   spinal cord injury   spinal stenosis   spinocerebellar ataxia   sturge-weber syndrome (sws)  stuttering   syringomyelia   tardive dyskinesia (td)   tarlov cysts   temporomandibular joint disorder (tmj)  tenosynovitis   terminal illness   thyroiditis   tic douloureux   tietze's syndrome   tinnitus   tobacco dependence   tourette's syndrome   traumatic brain injury   trichotillomania   viral hepatitis   wasting syndrome   whiplash   wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome   writers' cramp
t3_344c5f-t1_cqr8cb0-cqr8gho	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a friend that has brain cancer. so i partake in any event he has going on with the nat cancer assoc. so i do make donations anonymously and i also go for the occasional 5k benefit runs. and also part of the make a wish foundation where we take young children with disabilities or terminal illnesses out fishing, or to theme parks, or just hang out and talk with them. when i see the smile on these children's faces it makes it all worth it. and knowing i helped that child or my best friend not think about their daily problems for a day really is payment in itself.  i'm blessed enough to have a good paying career where it's ok to spend money donating or spend my time with the less fortunate.
t3_z6lle-t1_c61xmjq-c61xrhy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;"first post! be gentle! i have stage iv brain cancer and wanted to share with reddit a family photo of me and my two dads shaking hands with ron paul and gaben."  ftfy
t3_23dmrn-t1_cgw9b64-cgw9fsl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, not moreso than any other family. i had medulloblastoma, which is brain cancer, and the cause of that has yet to be discovered. my dad had lung cancer from being a smoker when he was young.
t3_sf5nc-t1_c4dkl9c-c4dopy2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	why is this posted in every single cancer thread? everyone thinks this.  there is no-one out there who thinks "oh thank god, i have brain cancer", or "well my day was going bad until i found out my mom has breast cancer. phew."   this adds absolutely nothing to the discussion.
t3_3ayqys-t1_cshk3jv-csi0hf2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	could you explain how this is blown way out of proportion?  i mean if i knew that i had a higher chance of getting brain cancer in location x, i sure as hell would not want to live in location x.
t3_16s07m-t3_16s07m-c7z29wm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.809	my mother died of brain cancer when i was 17. she was only 48.   it changed my life. her death still affects most of my life decisions. can't believe i'm talking about this on reddit.
t3_17no0w-t3_17no0w-c87fe55	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	back story: when i was twelve i had brain surgery to remove a tumor that the neurologist swore could only be from traumatic injury, but no one could ever figure out what happened to me.  anyways... before my grandma passed away, she pulled me aside and told me that once when she was baby sitting me, i hit my head really hard when she dropped me down some stairs while she was trying to retrieve an orange popsicle that she also dropped.  then she held her finger up to her lips and said "shhh."
t3_3k35lm-t1_cuug5fq-cuusil8	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7929	i was having the same symptoms, and ignored it. a couple months ago i had a major seizure, and they found brain cancer when they ran an mri on me. i'm getting treatment now. if i hadn't had the seizure, i most likely would have died before the end of the year.   tl;dr get it checked now!
t3_4ur59d-t1_d5s5ro4-d5sn2xq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6288	this infuriates me.  i have brain cancer and it is so incredibly insulting to hear someone go off about how it was caused through food or lifestyle choices, and that chemo is going to kill me. what the fuck do you think the cancer is going to do?
t3_2drdzj-t1_cjsf9r2-cjsm4u6	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5031	my aunt developed cluster headaches when she was 52, only two weeks after i was brought to live with her in nyc, and killed herself after 11 days of doctors telling her there was nothing to be done.   i just remember her the first time she got them, for two days she cried that she had brain cancer because the horrific pain in and behind her eye was so bad. she burned her eyebrow and above her eye in an attempt to somehow distract the pain with a boiling hot spoon, but she went to the hospital where they said she had cluster headaches and she would live with them the rest of her life, everyday, multiple times a day.   at this point i was still doing heroin, and i gave her some, and she thought she was relieved, but even in the midst of her high she was struck down by one of them. not even the greatest feeling in the world could take anything away from the worst feeling.   around two days later she flung herself off her roof, although luckily i was not stranded as she wrote everything she owned to me.
t3_3emdrx-t1_ctgczwf-ctgkih9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7929	when i do this i always seem to loose the natural pattern of my breath, which in turn leads me into a tiny panic attack, which then in turn leads me into wondering just why exactly i can't breath right. eventually i become convinced that i have harlequin disorder, brain cancer and pretty much every vague and terrible disease you can think of.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrthz5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom was 47 and decided it was time for routine checkup. during the checkup doc asked if she was a smoker, she said yes, they decided to do chest xray just for routine, found cancer. they removed half her lung, she did chemo. she was a survivor. about 3 years later she started getting wicked headaches, so she went back to docs and told him. they decided to give her an mri and yet again, they found a tumor on her brain. the original cancer had spread to her brain and they didnt know it.. she thought she was cancer free. she died within the year.
t3_30ljtk-t3_30ljtk-cptvnqf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6639	well if it's already too late to really treat? chemo is a miserable process to go through.  my step-grandmother died from stage 4 lung cancer a few years ago. it had metastasized and spread, causing a good sized brain tumor. by the time they found it it was definitely too late and she was in her 60s. i don't know why, but she did chemo anyway. i don't think it bought her any time and it made the last few months of her life miserable as she lost weight and strength. by the end she had lost so much weight she couldn't even stand on her own.  after watching it, i'm pretty certain that in the same situation, i wouldn't bother with chemo.
t3_24rx7m-t3_24rx7m-chahdxs	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6765	true story:  i have a friend who had brain cancer. instead of getting chemo, she decided to go the natural route, clean up her diet and take cannabis oil. and honestly, she wasn't even that good at cleaning up her diet as she still partied, drank, and ate a bunch of sugary crap. however she still took the cannabis religiously and now,two and a half years later, she is cancer free.
t3_462rwn-t1_d026mbc-d02ccdo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother was one was one the "lucky" americans to have access to both the best insurance and the best hospitals. with our employer-tied insurance system she was still fucked.  my mother was nurse working at one of the best hospitals in the country. she was diagnosed with a brain tumor in her mid-thirties.  my parents financial situation was okay until my mother became too sick too work, then my mom was added to dad's insurance. unfortunately, my father's company didn't offer polices like the ones at my mother's former employer.   my parents died paying off $250,000 in medical debt.
t3_43zmq1-t1_czm6kfe-czmhzxs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7911	that happened to my friend's mom.  they found out she had a tumor on her brain stem, then closer inspection discovered it was a massive aneurysm.  before they could even decide whether to attempt even exploratory surgery, she was dead.
t3_47j436-t3_47j436-d0dcmzq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6694	i don't really think i can comment as to your specific situation.   currently i have brain cancer and i experience similar situations in that the people helping care for me do have their limitations, just like myself.   sometimes those limitations blow up. but we can't be expected to remain perfect individuals all the time.   i don't know if any of what i said is applicable but hopefully it was.
t3_31anjl-t1_cq07wx1-cq0coxf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dog was diagnosed with a brain tumor and the vet gave her 6 months.  we gave her zeolite powder and we had 2 wonderful years with her before she told us it was time.  check it out - it might help.
t3_12vs15-t3_12vs15-c6yp2lu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	looks just like my sister's. she had a tumor on her brain stem when she was 10 years old. wouldn't even be able to tell she had one looking at her today..
t3_2pkeah-t3_2pkeah-cmy5e28	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	seriously she needs to get a cat scan.  that some serious tumor pressing on your brain shit right there.  right when she accesses her creative hemisphere too.
t3_3yicyj-t3_3yicyj-cydr3i0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am an oncologist specializing in geriatrics (old people cancer doctor) i have been practicing for 21 years now. i've seen my fair share of idiots, but this one took the cake:  last month i had a 73 year old patient walk into my office and say "i think i have brain cancer. or maybe ear cancer. i don't know doc" so naturally i begin asking what makes them think that and the lovely lady says  "i got a qtip stuck in my ear. i have been using qtips for 50 years and this has never happened. i think my brain sucked it right up. it's gotta be cancer!!"   so while suppressing a laugh i went and got the vacuum and sucked the cotton out of her ear and she says "wow doc you fixed it! thank you" and i sent her on her way with the gentle message that qtips shouldn't go into your ear to which i got the response   "why not! it's not like it can really hurt you"
t3_4jcjca-t1_d35n58e-d35u28x	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6104	my aunt had an inoperable brain tumor. she was given a year at most. she lived for 10. she lived longer than anyone with that kind of tumor had lived.
t3_32z3xr-t1_cqg98rb-cqgcfji	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5027	you can, my sister had brain cancer when she was 11 (now in her late 20's) and it left her in very bad shape, unable to live on her own or work for the rest of her life. she receives money every month from the ss offices to live on.
t3_1ozj3v-t1_cd70e59-cd72su9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks i really appreciate this comment. fortunately for me i haven't had any episodes since i posted this. i was really stressed at the time and my sleep schedule was really bad, and i've been able to improve that recently.   my episodes weren't really that bad. i've read that some people are seeing ghosts and feel presences, as you mentioned. i just saw random images and knew that i was experiencing sp, but nothing too scary. although the first time i slept, i was just feeling really anxious, jittery, and uncomfortable about nothing n particular. my main reason for freaking out was thinking i had like brain cancer or something, not the sp episodes themselves. anyways, i hope your sleep is under control and good.
t3_1n3k0o-t3_1n3k0o-ccfgbdt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sis just diagnosed with glioblastoma about 3months ago. ive had a pain in my back for about 5months, web md said it can be a symptom of prostate cancer. probably nothing but i cant imagine getting diagnosed and putting my mother through another child with cancer. i will never visit another dr in my life, my sis only started getting ill when she started "treatment".
t3_3y6j5z-t1_cyb2mw7-cybe3ha	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6449	one of my best friends had a brain tumor the size of a golf ball. she was completely fine except she started losing her vision and was having headaches frequently. eventually, they found out that she had cancer and did everything they could to save her. a year and a half after her surgery to remove the tumor, she passed away. up until her death, she acted perfectly fine.
t3_1al2ud-t3_1al2ud-c8z3k7d	brain_cancer	relevant	0.755	getting the documentation fro mthe hospital is proving to be a pain in the ass so, without proof, i will just answer your questions here. my answer contrasts with that of kandis101. i was diagnosed with brain cancer about 3 months ago at the age of 20 and was given 2 to 5 years to live.   1. i really want to see mumford &amp; sons play and outdoor concert. it has been my dream for a long time and it is slowly becoming a reality as i am saving every penny to be able to afford to go this august. i also want to finish my degree before i die. i am in my 3rd out of 5 year of chemical engineering and it just seems like a waste of a large portion of my life if i don't finish. another big bucket list item is to travel out of the country and ideally somewhere warm (i am from canada). i don't have enough money to do this so i doubt very much that it will happen, but i am hoping.  2. my family doesn't know. i am not very close to my parents and my little sister is 15 and having a rough time at life with my parents' divorce this year so i don't want to throw this on her just yet. i don't plan on telling my parents anytime soon. i just told my best friend last weekend (on the advice of reddit, so thanks) and she took it really well. we are both being more consistant with making time to see each other and she is very positive and helpful about it. i don't think she is treating me any differently which is a big plus.  3. i can't really say how i am handling it because it varies so much on any given day. i would say that most days i am taking it well. i don't let it get me down too much and i can go a few days without thinking about it. but other days, i feel so sad that it is hard to get out of bed. when i was first diagnosed, i went absolutely crazy. i didn't leave my room (excepting neccessities) for 26 days. i didn't talk to anyone and i was contemplating killing myself.   4. my biggest regret is not having fun in my teenage years because i was so concerned about my future. i told myself that i would have fun once i had a stable job and life. and since i will never have that, it feels like all my hard work and sacrificing was for nothing. on the flip side, i think that those sacrifices and all that hard work made me into the person i am today. and i quite like this person :)  5. the hardest thing, by far, was telling my best friend and wrestling with the idea of telling other friends and family. i am still very stressed out about having to tell people in the future. i want to live my life normally and don't like pity or atention. so maintaining normalcy is hard. also, i have been seeing a guy for about 3 months now and he doesn't know. i don't know whether i should avoid getting involved romantically because there is no future for us. but the game plan is to tell him eventually and let him take the next step.  i hope you got all the answers you are looking for. feel free to hit me up with more questions.
t3_3ev6vn-t3_3ev6vn-ctivd0l	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cersei lannister: borderline personality disorder, narcissistic personality disorder, paranoid personality disorder.  theon greyjoy: narcissistic personality disorder (agot, acok), stockholms syndrome (adwd).  jeyne poole: stockholms syndrome (adwd).  lysa tully: borderline personality disorder?  joffrey baratheon, ramsay snow, rorge: anti-social personality disorder.  roose bolton: schizoid personality disorder?  aerys targaryen: delusional schizophrenia?  gregor clegane: brain tumor causing massive growth and extreme rage.  arya and probably many more: ptsd.  there are probably more.
t3_3ae4ks-t1_csc6c26-csc6nql	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no shit? man i have always just thought brain cancer was like, the worst of the worst. that's nice info to have. i'm fucking terrified beyond belief of cancer. it's really the only thing that scares me, but it scares the fuck out of me.
t3_3en7yw-t1_ctjbe8l-ctjcwzo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's awesome dipshit, i have friends who are dying with brain cancer right now and my dad has cancer too. fuck you so much. i love how you think i'm the violent one but yet you wish death on others. you classless colossal piece of human waste.
t3_2z9zmz-t1_cphms0o-cphqcb6	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7936	hey dude, yea i totally get what you said about how you use to be excited about your scripts and now its a burden. i was diagnosed with brain cancer a year and a bit ago and had a surgery. always had a taste for the opiates and played up the pain post surgery to get a script. at the time its all i had in life, it was a depressing time for me. anyway nowadays getting a script has become almost depressing but i jsut cant stop.
t3_3qtpsk-t1_cwii6ea-cwikklg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it is a fair question, and not an asshole one at all. in another response, we had taken her to a vet and a specialist that day, and neither suggested putting her down. she was fine 2 days ago. they gave us meds and a schedule in which to give her them. there was a slight chance she may have had a brain tumor but she was not showing significant signs that it was leaning that way. it was unexpected. the worst part was that there was hope, and that it was taken minutes away from when we got her meds to get better. after we took her back to the vet to get cremated and describing what happened, the doctor believes it was a brain tumor and something burst, most likely in her brain.
t3_1dahg4-t3_1dahg4-c9oluqg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	about a year ago i started getting really horrible migraine-like headaches. doctors, girlfriend, people at work, even i assumed it was just stress related. i remember saying "shit, watch i have fucking brain cancer or something..."  well... you guessed it: surprise
t3_32fhan-t3_32fhan-cqb9s59	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7529	i'd say that some do.  my aunt passed 5 years ago, she woke up one morning and couldn't walk, turned out she had a stroke. after a lot of investigating after she  passed, we found out that she had really bad lung cancer and didn't tell anyone (kept telling us it was pneumonia) and the cancer spread to her brain, and she had an aneurism, which caused her stroke.  anyway, she went unconscious before her boyfriend was able to call an ambulance (she kept insisting she didn't want the paramedics to see her nude, too) and they took her to hospital, where she was put on life support- tried to relieve the pressure on her brain but it didn't help, she was declared braindead the next morning. my cousin had to fly in to new york from colorado (a whole day of flying and sitting in airports) and we took her off of life support around 6pm the next day. she survived on her own for around 8-10 hours, but didn't pass until everyone left. my oldest cousin was going to stay the night, and she only left long enough to take her brother back to her apartment to sleep. before she even turned around to drive back, the doctor called her and told her that my aunt passed away.  while she may not have been conscious, we all felt that she somehow knew we all left so no one had to watch her body die.
t3_2hjc3g-t3_2hjc3g-cktnb1g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a friend who had brain cancer. or so i thought. she recently confessed that it was all a lie for attention. this lie was going on for months. she would talk about her chemo treatments and even dropped out of college. she never had cancer and is not sick. probably the most frustrating confession i've ever heard.
t3_1nran0-t1_ccldj0a-cclgp2p	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you man lol i once had a growth on my hand, when i asked a guy in medicine what it was a few like years after having it , he said it was a cutaneous horn and on wikipedia it says its cancerous. i thought i had cancer for like a week. till i got to the doctor, when she laughed ,and burned it down. now you can barely tell i had it.  and one more story a long time ago when i had a sleep paralysis episode and i thought i had brain cancer.. and than i had my first panic attack and i thought i had like heart problems.  humans are so stupid..
t3_25u11r-t3_25u11r-chktomo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i do the same thing, i also have bad panic disorder. currently, i've convinced myself i have brain cancer because i had a bad bout with vertigo a couple weeks ago and am still recouperating. i don't know why i do this :(
t3_to97c-t3_to97c-c4ohhea	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7328	a couple:  first was finding my wife dead in our flat. she had hanged herself from the balcony and was non-responsive. panic? yes. irritated at the 999 dispatcher for asking retarded questions? yes. not a good time.  next was visiting my aunt to say goodbye. she had been diagnosed with an acute kind of brain cancer ([glioblastoma multiforme](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/glioblastoma_multiforme)). wikipedia lists a 5 year survival and in the best case it's 14%. my aunt's best case was 0%, mean survival 7.5 months. she would be alive for about 2.5 months.  the terrifying part was she knew who i was, she knew who she was and what had happened to her, she knew that she was going to die and there was nothing anyone could do about it. she stayed in bed the entire time i was there and wasn't allowed to smoke. not because it was bad for her health but because her function was so poor that she might drop the fag and start a fire. she was in such pain because the tumour was huge, in her head.  no, the terrifying part was she had the mental capacity of a ten year old with add. she could not hold a complex conversation because the tumour was in her language centres. she could form sentences and communicate but she would lose words and the sentences would be very staccato. pieces of her would poke through, but it was futiile, she would be dead very soon. the doctors were shocked she lasted as long as she did. i can't imagine knowing the clock is ticking very rapidly towards a painful death where your self disintegrates.  fuck cancer!
t3_149osm-t3_149osm-c7b7mk8	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had brain cancer when i was 19* (i'm 31 now). i'm gonna answer your question in a round-about way.  chemo is a helluva drug. if they don't dilute the small amount they give you into 2+ liters of saline solution iv, supposedly it would just eat a whole through your arm. now, because i was young and have a strong stomach, the nausea didn't bother me near as much as other people. what got to me was how it affected all of my bodily fluids. my saliva had a permanent metallic, plasticy taste. i could smell the same metal/plastic smell because of the mucous in my nasal passages. my body oils made my skin feel the same way. the smell from my urine was so strong that after urinating, i had to take a shower because just being in the room with the urine made me stink that same...metal/plastic flavor.  now to answer your question, cancer doesn't feel like anything. for me, at least. people don't die from cancer per se, they die from the associated organ failure or whatever. so in that example, cancer would feel like organ failure. for me, the only "feeling" i had from cancer was visual problems caused by one of the tumors pressing on that part of my brain--which was great for me, because if it wasn't for that i probably would have found out about the cancer too late.  also, "cancer" is a fairly broad category of things. different cancers happen because of different biological issues that come up. (i'm not a biological person, so that's as much as i know.)  as for the emotional feelings, that's something else entirely. cancer is a funny way to die. not haha funny, obviously, but because it is often harder to accept someone you love slowly dying than to slowly die yourself. so it is often that the dying person is comforting the people who are perfectly healthy.  hope that answers your question, and i'd love to hear when other who've had cancer think about what i said.  *if you plan on getting cancer, i highly suggest getting it when you're young. if you get it when you're old, your body and evolution don't give a shit about you because you're not going to have any more offspring.
t3_2drdzj-t1_cjsf08q-cjsmlcf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.67	when i was 13 i was diagnosed with a lymphoma and had to undergo 4 chemos with 2 weeks of staying at home between them. i lost and gained 20 pounds between each session. i threw up blood, the inside of my mouth was like an open wound so i could barely eat or even talk. the cancer itself never caused any pain, the chemo did. now 4 years later my doctors consider me as cured and i'm happy everyday for the support of my doctors and my family. it really does suck being diagnosed with cancer. i still remember how the doctor broke it to me. i felt like my life would end there as i had just lost my grandmother to brain cancer two years back. this shit just fucks you up but my will to live on may have helped with my disease. i continued school afterwards in the same class i was in before and graduated high school this year with very good grades.
t3_2y0w7a-t3_2y0w7a-cp57qag	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7402	i had brain cancer in 8th grade (4 years back) and now my brain is kinda tucked up. i have a pituitary that basically doesn't work and i have a bunch of cognitive issues
t3_1k1ys7-t3_1k1ys7-cbktdyl	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with brain cancer last year at age 22. stage 2 astrocytoma as well. it was the.size of an egg. not completely operable, so i do chemotherapy treatments. do you do the same and which drug do you use?
t3_4tig2q-t1_d5i1ng7-d5ig3dz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had to put my dog down last night. she was perfectly healthy two days ago and then yesterday she had a seizure and we had to put her down. i felt like a piece of me was ripped out when she passed. we held her for her final moments and she just wanted to be there with us. turns out she had brain cancer and the seizure gave her spine damage. i know what we did was a mercy for her but i still feel like i murdered my best friend. her sister is sitting at my feet right now, she was there too. it's like she's mourning her loss too. your comment really hit home for me. my dog gave me one last little look before the end and it's like she was asking permission to go. her heart didn't stop when the vet gave her the shot. my mother told her it was okay, and even though she couldn't hear us, her heart stopped right when my mother said that. it's like she didn't want to leave us until she knew we'd be okay.
t3_2lo00q-t3_2lo00q-clwnjpk	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	this one is actually true... i had stage 7 brain cancer (they lie about the stages you know) the doctor told me there was not a thing "science" could do for me. i laughed and told him to join the rest of the free thinkers. he was so uneducated. all my friends looked it up on youtube and secret websites that only dispense truth. the secret is to buy illegally strong lemons. (the kind the fda doesn't want you to know about) and smoke weed everyday.
t3_2cjg0s-t1_cjgei9m-cjgf1o7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	its been almost 2 years so its not difficult to talk about anymore but i appreciate the sentiment, there was no past symptoms, she went her whole life with a tumor on her brain stem with zero symptoms up until the anyuerism. do you want my advice? please have her get an mri or cat scan or both, have her lie to her doctor if she has to, a year before she died we got into a minor fender bender and the insurance offered to pay for an mri and i said eh, why? who knows had i told her to go do it she might still.be here today ill never know, and i have to live with that for the rest of my life. dont leave things to chance my friend.
t3_19itfu-t3_19itfu-c8ogr2m	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6744	my mom has a brain tumor as well. she's undergoing chemo treatments and we're not sure if they will work. her seizures are getting worse and she has nasty tremors throughout the day. that's why we're taking her to florida. we don't know how long she has. i am sorry about your ex-wife. i will keep her in my prayers.
t3_25p50f-t3_25p50f-chjdmrn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i used to have migraines as a child, a lot of puking and terrible headaches. my best "friend" used to tell me migraines was the first sign of cancer in the brain. so for a couple of months i thought i had brain cancer and was certain i was going to die.  we're still good friends though.
t3_1611oo-t1_c7rwkan-c7rwpv7	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	poor baby. i hated seeing all the really little kids having to go through treatment.   my daughter was older (15) when hers was found. she had headaches for about a month before i took her to the doctor. the doc thought it was sinus issues turning in to migraines but the meds they gave her did absolutely nothing so i took her back 3 days later and she (the doc) ordered an mri. they did the mri, found the tumor, next day she saw a neurosurgeon, was admitted to the hospital and two days later had brain surgery. they got all the tumor out but it was wrapped around her brain stem so the surgeon told us that he had to "manipulate" her brain stem to get it all. eek. that caused her to have muscle weakness on her left side that effected her eye, arm and leg. she still has issues with balance and walking but has improved a lot.
t3_3dtnn7-t3_3dtnn7-ct8izgl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that i have brain cancer and someone is doing surgery on my brain when i am still awake. this scares the shit out of me because i am getting all of my testing for my epilepsy redone soon (mri, eeg and sleep study). i know that i don't have a brain tumor but these dreams are making me afraid to get my mri.
t3_18tx0l-t3_18tx0l-c8hzevp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6659	my mom had a brain tumor removed when she was 4 years old. i didn't learn about that until it came back when she was 48 and later killed her at age 50. looking back it explains a lot of her slightly odd behavior while i was growing up.
t3_scaxw-t1_c4cypux-c4d38o6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wonder if the opposite is true? i think i have anti-depression. i _should_ be depressed about some things (i'm broke, i'm single, haha), but instead i'm in absurdly good spirits all the time. my friends and i have joked that i probably have brain cancer causing this, haha.  watched the entire playlist and didn't cry. (the clip from the iron giant, one of my favorite scenes of all time, tightened my throat a little though)
t3_3ox4js-t3_3ox4js-cwrx6xq	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with late-stage "terminal" brain cancer 5 or 6 years ago. i got given 7 months to live. after 2 years of chemo i somehow became cancer-free, it's amazing what a few months of chemo can do. i hope tb beats the odds :)
t3_krp71-t3_krp71-c2mnxlz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am in no way qualified to make a diagnosis, but i have gone through the same experience as you. when i've had big, life-changing decisions to make i've experienced something similar sat at my desk at work before.  it got to the point, a couple of times, that i had to go for a walk and get some fresh air.  i had accepted i had brain cancer or schizophrenia or some other neurological problem, and mentioned it to my girlfriend. she said it sounded like a mild panic attack.  nothing to worry about, so to speak.  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panic_disorder edit: better link - http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/panic_attack
t3_r8hp2-t3_r8hp2-c476v91	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have brain cancer as well (grade 4 aa, or gbm), was diagnosed about a year ago. the nih in bethesda, md will consult with you/treat you for free. they will even fly you out there and help with food and lodging if you are enrolled in one of their protocols. there is one protocol that i'm in that simply gathers information about your demographic background for a database. they also have several other clinical trials that you may be eligible for, and as others have mentioned, there are clinical trials all over the country that pay for all care that is involved with the study.  look on clinicaltrials.gov for ones you are eligible for. research hospitals (duke, ucla, mgh) generally have the most state-of-the-art stuff going on, but do your research and try to talk to the principal investigator of the trial.  did your doctor tell you it was a "medical certainty" that you'll die in 3-5 years? though the median survival time is short, there are incidences of long-term survival. i know that you can't assume it'll be you, but you should know that it does happen and it's worth fighting.  also, i want to mention that i've had radiation and have been on chemo for a year. temodar (i assume that's what you'd be prescribed) is probably the mildest chemo out there. my experience with treatment hasn't been too bad. i slept a little more during radiation. chemo gets me a little fatigued but not enough that my friends and family can even notice. i do volunteer work at an eeg lab and my peers don't even know i have cancer/take chemo. i realize there are plenty of other reasons to decide not to go through radiation/chemo, but if quality of life is the main problem for you, you might be surprised at how mild the effects of conventional treatment are.  i don't know the details of your symptoms, but the fact that you've been having them for so long might be a sign that your tumor is slower-growing or progressed from a lower grade malignancy. this may be a favorable prognostic indicator.  i use a vaporizer daily for weed. there are some studies suggesting it might kill some glioma cell lines. just sayin'.  don't give up. my chances of surviving even 2 more years are estimated at about 20%. the way i think of it is: if i had some other disease with a 20% chance of death in the next two years, i'd still be pretty terrified, so i should be an equivalent amount of hopeful that i might make it until they come up with something better.
t3_1jcrzv-t3_1jcrzv-cbdk8sk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	were you able to have the tumors removed?  radiation and chemo, or what is your treatment?    my dad is fighting anaplastic oligodendroglioma grade 3.
t3_3gt35m-t3_3gt35m-cu1a1cm	brain_cancer	relevant	0.677	i had depression since i beat brain cancer when i was just 6 years old.   at the age of 9 i recognised it as depression.   after 19 years, suicide attempts and complete discontent, i finally decided i was worth more.  it took just over a year to find the perfect antidepressant that worked for me, after dozens of failed attempts. (never lose hope) took three therapists and then the most perfect psychiatrist.   it took admitting it to myself and my family, and understanding that it was a disease and not a personality trait.   now i've been on 100mg pristiq for 3 years. i felt happy for the first time on it.  now i love myself,  see worth in everything.   i still have major depressive disorder, and i always will. never as bad as it was for those decades that i refused to help myself. it's under control. like asthma with puffers.   all of you with depression, i know hope is few and far between, but somewhere in there,  you know you're worth trying.   love you all
t3_26lwqk-t3_26lwqk-chsj2je	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	when my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was 7, beat it, and relapsed a few years later. it came back as a brain tumor this time and again she beat it. however, the years following, her health was declining, she had a stroke that left her unable to walk, confined to a wheelchair, and seizures due to her medications. ultimately, she lost her battle when i was 13. it's been really hard ever since, i'll be 24 in a few weeks, and i do miss and think her every day.
t3_3ywzm4-t3_3ywzm4-cyhc39x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was 15 at my girlfriends house. her grandma with cancer and brain dead sister were in the living room, and her parents were away. we snuck into her parents room, she was digging through a drawer looking for a condom and found her moms dildo which was gross she finally found a condom. i got it in, five seconds later it was over.
t3_1wnedn-t3_1wnedn-cf3ouy7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	payed for a girl's heath insurance when she had a brain tumor (we were friends.) she later stole the graduation ring to pay for weed. the ring was my mom's when she graduated and my mom had passed it down to me.   edit: semantics
t3_15tqlh-t1_c7t0iw1-c7t0pp5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6759	yeah she has been kinda batty for the last 5 or 6 years now. they said she has a brain tumor and that she wouldn't live 6 months... but that was like 5 years ago.
t3_1efez0-t3_1efez0-c9zrqm2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my best friends brother was readmitted for brain surgery regarding a tumor they thought they had taken care of and i was buying her flowers for her family that i was going to  leave anonymously on her front door.
t3_t265r-t3_t265r-c4j2x1l	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7863	i had this coworker who said she had brain cancer, had microchips implanted in her brain that released "medicine" (chemo?) and upon not showing up for her shift one day, said it was because she was vomiting bright green radioactive fluid and had to go to the er and have emergency surgery on her microchips. oh and she was 19 and her parents didn't even know she had cancer, because she was medically emancipated and paid for all of this insane cancer treatment out of pocket. (she made $9/hr)
t3_3ce6s1-t3_3ce6s1-csup1df	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7454	to empathize, my answer to this question would be the loss of the love of my life in part because i began to have uncontrollable emotions like anger. two weeks later i found out i have brain cancer and the tumor in my head is what caused me to change so much yet so gradually, eventually causing her to leave me. i survived but it cost me the girl of my dreams. it really kills me inside to deal with them both at once and think that maybe we would still be together if not for my stupid, fucking cancer. (didnt mean to vent, just feeling down thinking about it)
t3_1a7u9n-t3_1a7u9n-c8uvyup	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7271	this was a few months back, but my dearly beloved grandma had the fight of her life with cancer (had it in several places, lungs, bowel, brain etc. and had refused treatment as it was terminal) and one night i was sat with her, by this time she had been put into a morphine induced coma to erase the pain. she took one last massive breath and just stopped breathing. it was a weird experience because i had never actually watched somebody die, but i was kind of relieved as her years of suffering had ended.  edit: she had been cared for at our home as that was her preferred choice and we wanted her to feel most comfortable at such an awful time in her life.
t3_38gzzn-t3_38gzzn-crv043f	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5687	i have brain cancer so i'm horrible with words. but i read and understand. we are out here listening and reading, feeling the same way. wish i could give you a big hug.
t3_3u0gwe-t3_3u0gwe-cxd26yf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6658	lots of good advice here but i wanted to add a bit more. my husband was diagnosed with a glioblastoma several years ago. his battle was short but it felt much longer. i saw it as an opportunity to make his final days as good as possible. there weren't any big trips planned but lots of family time.  some practical things for you to know:   explore hospice options near your mother (assuming you do not live nearby) or consider having her get treatment near you and explore local hospice options.  brainhospice.com is a resource that can give you a good idea of what to expect at each stage of her illness. it helped me to understand what i was seeing with my husband.  learn about her treatment and expected side effects, steroids are often used with brain tumors to reduce swelling since that can be terribly painful. if she is given temodar, ask her doctor what the max dose of colace your mom can have as temodar is incredibly constipating.  steroids can interfere with her sleep, encourage her to talk to her doctor about a good sleep aide.  arrange for her to sleep with her head elevated at home. morning headaches can be brutal with brain tumors and sleeping with the head elevated can help a lot.  make sure your mother executes a durable power of attorney and medical power of attorney so decisions can be made without problems.  radiation will make her lose her hair. look into organizations like henna heals to help her cope with that.  steroids will make her puffy and hungry all the time.   let her be angry, it's a tough diagnosis. she will go through all the stages of dying, try to be there as support for her during those phases.   if your mom is still of working age, have her apply for disability now.   spend time talking with her, being with her, looking at photos together.   take time to take care of yourself or to just cry.  feel free to pm me if you have questions or just need to vent/talk with someone who has been down the same road. my thoughts and prayers will be with you.
t3_12gepk-t3_12gepk-c6v10z7	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8105	my parents were friends through my mom's brothers being friends with my father, and they began dating. after 2 years of dating my mother got pregnant with my brother at the age of 16, my dad was 18. they got married when she was about 7 months pregnant. not only did their relationship last through the troubles of pregnancy and high school, but they had me just two years later when my mother was 18 and my dad was 20. now they've been been married for almost 20 years, i am almost 18, and they still love each other very much. this summer my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer. no doctor can figure out what kind of cancer she is dying from, but it has spread heavily in the brain and it has reached both her liver and lungs. she went through chemotherapy and radiation, yet both had no effect. we've been told that, with no effective treatment, she would most likely only have a month. it has been 2 months since then, working on 3, but it appears that she doesn't have much time left. my dad has been by her side her whole life and now he is supporting her once more through the hardest obstacle she has ever faced at the young age of 36. i love my parents and i am so proud of them beating the odds so many times when they were against them so much.
t3_2qm3jb-t1_cn7d4yh-cn85gna	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7481	i have a friend whose father died of brain cancer last year.  when the family went back to the house after the service, a cousin stole the handicapped widow's credit cards from her bedroom.
t3_19jebw-t1_c8ok7t1-c8okj80	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	nothing too exciting.  lime sized brain tumor removed.  they peeled my face down from the top of my head to just past my nose and went in through my forehead as well as through the top of my skull.
t3_1riazr-t1_cdnnila-cdnxp5i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was 12 when my grandma died.  she had cancer and lived with it for a while before finally letting it go.  after she said her last words you could tell she was gone.  her body was still breathing and lying in bed, but what made her "her" was in heaven.  a couple days before her body stopped, i had a dream where she and i were sitting in her back yard.  she was younger looking and happy, and she told me she got to be 25 again and was with her husband.  she was happy and excited and told me not to worry because everything was ok.  i still cry whenever i think about her even though i'm 25 now, but that dream really helped me.  i think it was her because it was exactly everything she would say.  another time, but when it was daytime and i was fully awake (so no weird nighttime brain tricks), i looked out the window to my bedroom which was so close to my neighbor i could see into her kitchen.  i saw my neighbor walking around, doing laundry or walking from her bathroom to her living room (the kitchen separated them).  right when i saw her i thought "she's dead".  i asked my mom about it and my neighbor had died a few days prior and her cremated remains were sitting in her usual chair in her house... but nobody had bothered to tell me.  i think a lot of the dead still hang around or stop by from time to time but they are generally nice and more intent to take care of their family than be malevolent.
t3_4iolyr-t3_4iolyr-d308a5r	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i just blacked out and woke up in the hospital. there are different kinds of seizures, but yeah, apparently i was conscious and flailing around nonsensically. i was taken to the hospital and put in a medical induced coma for about a day. this actually prompted a ct scan, which found a tumor in my brain. don't fuck with research chemicals kids. i have been treated for brain cancer. i'm 2 years out of treatment and everything seems to be going well, but constant monitoring is still necessary.   edit: oops, i did not mean to reply to the main thread.
t3_4oqsyg-t1_d4ey33z-d4f6qee	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	just graduated my post graduate program with a woman in her late 70s. she still graduated despite being diagnosed with a brain tumor in her final semester. you can do this! i promise you won't be the only person in their 30s+
t3_2p3knt-t3_2p3knt-cmt63hy	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey there madcow, im 25 years old and a ccp. i was diagnosed with brain cancer in the frontal lobe last october and underwent a craniotomy to remove as much as they could (99%) after i have been left with pain that ranges from 4 ona good day to 8-9 on a bad day. are you on any prescriptions? im a decent amount of oxy which has led to a habit forming and now controls my life. let me know if you want to talk.
t3_dttmb-t3_dttmb-c12vtfs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i got really sick one day and i was in bed with my computer on listening to music. the fan was so damn loud that i was convinced it was giving me brain cancer due to high frequencies or whatever. it almost went as far as calling my mom's bf who is a doctor to see if he could hook me up with a brain scan of some sort. i was sure i had brain cancer for the next couple of days.
t3_119ml4-t1_c6kn1rw-c6knx8z	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8484	my aunt's ovarian cancer was diagnosed in the late stages, and she was given a year to live.  a year later, she hadn't told anyone but a few of us very close to her, and you couldn't tell. they then told her it had metastasized to her brain stem, and was growing, and she had maybe six months.  a year later, she was bald, and that was it. she worked for another year and a half after that diagnosis, and lived perfectly normally for about that long with the tumor on her brain stem. once she started to go, it was mercifully fast- but she got a damn long time out of it before.  it can happen! best wishes for your mom, and you. it's hard, i know.
t3_4ft87m-t1_d2bqqa8-d2c2hez	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6813	the mother had a brain tumor and was declared "brain dead" (this is where it gets unclear. the report says that she was alive but with no brain activity) at the hospital while she was 17 weeks pregnant. the baby needed 25 weeks before it was developed enough to be removed from the womb, so the doctors kept the woman alive physically so that the baby could continue to develop. it was 55 days after the woman was declared "brain dead" that they removed the baby from her body.   they never say that the woman was on life support machines or kept alive artificially, but they do say that she needed continuous care everyday to keep her body alive long enough for the fetus to develop.
t3_4wa2fb-t1_d65faph-d65vbeq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my husband's step mother just passed away at 47. she slipped on the kitchen tile and hit her head on the floor. it ruptured her undiagnosed brain tumor and she died within minutes. she has never had any issues before, so it was a real shock.
t3_37sqn3-t3_37sqn3-crpj51f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6799	*i am a bot. beep beep boop.* &gt; &gt;### terminal cancer patient says goodbye ### &gt; &gt;sunburst / forum member &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;***** &gt; &gt; &gt;i found out a couple of months ago that i have terminal brain cancer and i just wanted to say a quick thanks to the wow community for providing such a fun experience over the years! &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;raiding in vanilla wow was so much fun! i belonged to a great guild back then and we had lots of fun experiences (and i still love the people in my current guild!) i will never forget the first time rag rose up! was that cool or what or the noise on vent when we took him down for the first time! &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;i will also never forget coming up on the entrance to ironforge the first time and just being blown away by how cool it looked! &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;i've really enjoyed how the game has developed over the years and how willing the developers were to trying new things. i really couldn't have asked for much more :) &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;as far as the art in the game. sam and all the others that have worked on this area over the years have killed it! i have to admit that the new sylvanas windrunner model really caught my eye. glenn rane you did an awesome job on her! &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;i've also made a bunch of great people in the game and have even met some in real life!  &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;so to wrap it up thanks to the developers for making the best mmo ever and thanks to all the kind and considerate people i have met in game over the years! &gt; &gt; &gt; &gt;rich (aka) sunburst &gt;
t3_vuz7f-t3_vuz7f-c57x9kn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7461	my cousin was diagnosed with brain cancer at age 8 and was told she wouldn't have 2 months. she lived for 2 more years and passed at age 11. here is her at age 9 singing with her family [link](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=moob4josek4)
t3_e9ldr-t3_e9ldr-c16ftut	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7974	st. jude's is another solid option- kids and health. i had a childhood friend with brain cancer and the doctors there were amazing. she didn't make it, but lots of other kids have because the awesome work they do.  alternatively, it is still movember.
t3_q4ggj-t1_c3vqutg-c3vv6l5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i became severely anxious last spring after thinking i was seriously sick (turns out it was just cold pneumonia which triggered a lot of physical anxiety symptoms.) . before that i was just merely slightly anxious. pretty well off. afer that i was in this anxiety hell for the past 10 months. but i would like to say that i am feeling better.  so yes. it can stop. it can get better. but you have to stop grasping on to your pain. you have to stop defining yourself by it. even if it is a constant feeling. you have to literally force yourself to do things that give you pleasure. things that make you forget your self. your anxiety. do not pay too much attention to it. because the more attention you pay to it, the stronger it gets. you can not deny it. but you can pay attention to other things. if you can not find someone. maybe get a pet?  as a example. i remember one particular june day last year. i had not slept at night. yet, it was a beautiful day. i felt like 100 year old. completely out of it. anxiety burning on my skin.  afraid that maybe i can not sleep the next night either. (a thought which always makes me more anxious, which is why i try not to think it) but i got this idea that i should go to the beach with my wife. it turned out to be a glorious day at the beach. a memory i still savor. especially because that glorious day was during some of my worst anxiety. it was there with me on that beach. i was feeling like a zombie. but i recognized the smiles on the faces of people. the freedom of seagulls flying about. constantly rejecting anxious thoughts. not sure if i had a brain cancer or just anxiety. i was able to pay attention that i had been "blessed" with that day. thankful.  on purely scientific level. paying attention to other things. like a pet. has a real basis. which is the fact that you have mirror neurons. when you look at something external. you feel what it feels. if you look at a person smiling, you smile inside. if you look at a pet playing, you feel playful inside. if you look at calm lake, with birds singing in the distance. you feel that calm.   now you can do that wrong.   (i am not saying that being introverted is wrong, but that when you are anxious. you need to look at the  world instead of concentrating on your self. because that is where the pain is. i used to enjoy being in my head. but after my anxiety break, my brain has not been a good place to be.)  you can look at the world and judge it. you can let it trigger anxious memories. but when you do it without judgement. when you just look. now. not in light of your past. you let the world into your mind. you are free of this thing you call self for a moment. and you change. when you look at someone smiling, you smile inside. even if you are not capable to smile yourself. but if you do it for long time enough. the feeling catches.   you clearly know how you want to feel. so you have a capability to feel better.   (lets go on about better here for a while.. better is a dualist term. but the thing is. you are not  wanting to feel better as opposed to worse. . you want pain to stop. which means that you want to  come back towards neutral..)  but you have conditioned yourself into thinking that you can only feel better if x happens. that is attachment thinking. it suggests that if x wont happen, you have to feel miserable. it is wrong. you do not have to feel miserable. there are things out there right now that if you saw. would bring a smile to your face. seek out those things.   actually, you probably have capability to feel euphoria right now. total opposite of anxiety. it is just that you have locked down in this anxious state. somehow, your subconscious mind has come up with anxiety as a solution. it wants you to not look out. it wants you to concentrate on your anxious self. but we know that is not solution. that only aggravates it.    it is anxiety cycle. you feel anxious. you start to pay attention to pain. you feel more anxious.   you break it by opening your eyes and paying attention to other things.   most likely anxiety to you is a signal saying that you are deeply uncomfortable with your life. and you have lived with it for such a while that it feels like you are never going to get rid of it. because it is no one thing. it is multitude of things you are not happy with. it is a constant reminder that your brain wants things to change.  well. nothing is stopping you. you can go out and look at the world.  without judgement, without reflection on your self. open to see that you do not know how everything is. humble. able to understand that the world is more wondrous that you can possibly understand. let go of your pre judgement.   then slowly. you may start getting back towards neutral. or even surpass neutral feeling and feel happy. .
t3_46e2ex-t3_46e2ex-d04dvzk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	stacey had to be constantly aware, at all times, for anything. because it could be anything that could sneaks up on her to end her life. when she was 5 years old she walked around with a nail in her foot for 3 days before it became infected, and she developed an ever so slight pigeon foot. luckily for her, her mother had already developed a life saving perception of dread that caught it before she lost her foot.  now her life was a routine of paranoia. she checked her body completely three times a day. her greatest fear was finding a spider bite a little bit too late, she just hoped the nausea set in fast enough to warn her, and that she didn't confuse it with her regular bouts of nausea from skirting every day sharp objects. she got a full body scan once a month. it could be a brain tumor or internal bleeding that got her, that she just didn't feel in time. she refrained from any kind of sports, imagine fracturing a bone and only making it worse because you didn't know! she felt like her life was like carrying a very large ball of washing from the machine to the line. constantly looking down and around to make sure you haven't dropped something , and constantly readjusting your hold on things trying to feel comfortable.  stacey had tried to explain to people how her disease made her feel, how it changed her life, but even her closest friends saw it as a parlor trick. trying to score free drinks off unsuspecting men, challenging them on stacey's behalf to immature contests of will. stacey had blisters on her hands from holding a flame to them. but hey it saved her $15 on a cocktail... well hopefully things were about to change. stacey's adoptive parents had recently discovered she was actually a twin, and as a gift had tracked down stacey's blood sister, who apparently had the same condition she did.  stacey had spent 4 hours on a train travelling further west then she had ever been before, to visit the house of her twins adoptive parents. she was extremely excited and nervous to meet her, constantly rehearsing their first conversation, and everything she would want to ask. it had her so preoccupied she had even forgot to check under the toilet seat in the stations public restroom! nothing had made her that absent minded in a long time. stacey felt that sharing her worries might make her days a little easier. maybe her sister would have some tips for every day life? maybe her sister lived her life like it wasn't even a disease? what if she was a stunt woman for a famous movie star, and got to hang out with a-listers and go to fancy parties? could that have been the life stacey could have had? if only she let her mind rest for a second?  knocking on the front door stacey felt she was ready. she was wearing her usually long sleeved top and trousers tucked into boots (nothing was sneaking under her clothes!) and felt comfortable in it. she supposed she could have dressed up a bit for such a momentous occasion, but she was already taking quite a few risks travelling so far.  her twin's adoptive parents seemed stunned upon seeing stacey on their doorstep. they knew she was coming to visit but were at a loss for words. they kept looking out behind her, maybe they thought stacey's adoptive parents were also coming? maybe they were just stunned to see someone identical to their daughter who is not their daughter? they directed stacey upstairs to her twins room, and then her twins adoptive father seemed to console his wife about something as they walked off to give her some time alone. something about it seemed very off to stacey, and she got quite apprehensive as she climbed the stairs, walked down the hall and knocked twice succinctly on the door. a boisterous voice not unlike her own shouted for her to 'come in!'. she opened the door and was not sure who was more shocked, her or the distorted mirror in front of her. sitting in a wheelchair, in a thoroughly padded room was her disfigured twin sister, and all stacey could do was cry.
t3_1611oo-t3_1611oo-c7rvejn	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	not me but my daughter started having headaches that kept gradually getting worse. they got so bad she couldn't function. she was diagnosed with medulloblastoma, a type of brain cancer. that was really her only symptom and was caused by the build up of spinal fluid in her head because the tumor was blocking her fourth ventricle.
t3_1cx28i-t1_c9kxi2z-c9ky66f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7396	my roommate/best friend is "legally blind", but she is still able to see. she had a brain tumor in highschool that ended up messing up her vision (or it might have been the surgery, i don't remember which). she can see to function, but she has extreme depth perception issues and no left-side periphery. she explained it as like looking through a lens of perpetual glitter. she can't drive, but she can see enough.
t3_3qtwk1-t1_cwifdlw-cwigxl9	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7466	as a cancer survivor (brain cancer when i was a child, survived obviously, no complications and never came back. well, the part of my brain that signals stress and anxiety got pretty messed up in the process...as in i can have random panic attacks that aren't that common, but i'm also extremely super chill and in control of really hectic situations), the only people who pretend to be offended by this are people who never even had cancer. that kind of shit is infuriating, we can speak for ourselves if we find something offensive, until then stfu.  adding to that...the fact that these tumblrinas think their problems are so much worse than mine cause *gasp* fats r soooo discriminated by not getting hot guys is infuriating. i had fucking brain cancer. and they tell me i'm privileged. jesus christ what the hell is wrong with those people? my mom constantly cried herself to sleep wondering if her baby boy was going to see his 9th birthday, living out his last days in complete misery. you cry yourself to sleep constantly because this hot guy wouldn't fuck you, or because someone *looked* at you while you were eating. get. a grip. on reality.
t3_vl4qd-t1_c55xley-c55xpb2	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8167	i will never understand my fears completely until i look into their face and laugh.  that is how i try to live.  since i told a fun story in another comment about my arachnophobia, here's a somewhat-sad yet still-humorous one to offset that:  when i was twelve, i needed eye surgery as an accidental cabinet-head collision had torn all of the muscles off of my left eye and they needed to be reattached.  i go in for a cat scan and they find out i have brain cancer.  the doctor pulls me into his office and sits me down, and points at a horrible spider-shaped black mark in my skull, which terrifies me not because the obvious conclusion was cancer, but that as a twelve-year-old my first reaction was "oh dear god i have a golf ball-sized spider in my skull nooooooooo!!!"  it's called an arachnoid tumor.  it grows tendrils that tangle in nerve bundles and muscle fibers.  it's called that because of the fact that it looks like a spider on a scan.  a big fucking cancer spider.  i never had chemo because it wasn't an exact science back then, but the tumor has been dormant since i was thirteen.
t3_4m8o44-t1_d3u1e5v-d3u1u1n	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was a baby, three months old, and it was removed by the time i was one. i remember only the after math, but sure. i had to get yearly checks for cancer, as i had a 40% chance of it coming back in either my brain or lungs until i was 11. then, it switched to every other year. the tests consist of ct scans, an mri (i find it redundant that they need both, but oh well), blood work, and some other checks, like seeing if any scar tissue was getting out of control, or if i had any bumps.  the dye lie was because i hated ct scans, and the thought of drinking something let that freaked me out. eventually they realized i respond to needles better, and we went with that from then on. i once had a really big scare, as i had a combo of both mono, and another virus almost exactly like it, making me sleep 19 hours a day. my doctor told my mom it was a good chance that i had brain cancer, as nobody even thought of mono due to the fact that i had caught another virus a year prior with, again, identical symptoms.  i had a ct scan that time, and another time i had a bone scan, which was the absolute worst because i had to remain completely still between two full body x-ray boards. no pillow or anything, i wasn't allowed to use the restroom, so they gave me diapers. i was 9 when i had the bone scan, and 10 with mono. both of these times i honestly thought i'd have cancer, and was more worried about my mom than me.  i got sick a lot, when i was 3 i had the immune system of a 65 year old aids patient. i also had such extreme radiation treatment i would have set off alarms in a nuclear power plant for three years. other than having a shit immune system until i was around 10 years old, i've been fine. i have one testicle, so i ejaculate a lot less than most guys, but that's to be expected. i am down to the same chance of getting cancer again as the average person, and my immune system is better than most now, as i've built immunities to so many diseases.  but yeah, it's pretty chill. i sometimes go to relay for life and get free stuff, but i feel like an imposter since i was so small when i had it. i live a very normal life with no long lasting consequences, and i'm pretty happy with my situation overall.
t3_3d9ydv-t3_3d9ydv-ct9mx9h	brain_cancer	relevant	0.504	i'm an identical twin and my sister and i very rarely got hurt at the same time. when we were little and if i scraped my knee or something else like that my sister would be the "nurse", make sure i was ok, be all attentive, etc., with my parentals right there, of course. and vice versa. i would get mom or dad's attention because i was hurt and she would get the "good for you!" because she was concerned, and it made her feel good. unless she kicked me or pushed me, of course. and.... vice versa.  we're going to be 40 this year and it still holds true! i had brain cancer 20 years ago and have epilepsy because of it. i get alot of attention that i don't want... but she's not jealous. she takes care of me physically, mentally and legally when i need her to. she still is my "nurse", gets the "good for you!" and it still makes  her feel good.  it works for us! 
t3_2jaoiw-t3_2jaoiw-cl9zdlw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7482	my mom had stage 4 glioblastoma multiformae. she was given months to live but she kept truckin for 7 years. she was in her mid 40s when diagnosed.
t3_4pi4nu-t1_d4l8qdx-d4l9fdy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	scary and so weird.  but basically inoccuous. and extremely unlikely to happen again.  i couldn't believe the diagnosis. i was pretty sure i had brain cancer or something.      you and i are lucky. we flew close to the sun and lived to tell the tale. now go finish that lady's work, and continue to be well!
t3_3xssls-t1_cy7lj7g-cy7pda6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7568	can i join y'all in his drunken commiserating shit show? lost a friend to suicide in january, and three others to brain cancer in 2015 as well.  which is just so fucked up because i was diagnosed with the same brain cancer in 2012.  the fuck. why am i the one who's still alive. if i explained my life some people wouldn't even believe how fucked up the last few years have been for me. i probably shouldnt drink as much as i do but who cares
t3_370c5l-t3_370c5l-criu1ky	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8081	i was diagnosed with brain cancer at 23, i'm 27 now. i gave up a few years ago when i realized that chances are, the only person that could handle my shit are people that have/had cancer. the town i live in is full of old people. have you checked out any cancer support groups that have people in the same age group? that's what i'd try. good luck!
t3_p9zqy-t1_c3nslz6-c3nte9k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is such a worn-out and weak argument that reveals a very poor understanding of economics.  you're far from the first and, i'm sure, far from the last liberal to tell me that businesses can't make profits off of things that take a long time to pay for themselves. and it's a specious and laughable claim every time it's made.  there are millions of examples of capitalized future interest returning immediate profits to producers. cars, for example, produce utility over a period of five to twenty years, and may not pay for themselves until long after they are produced. yet automobile manufacturers see quarter-over-quarter profits because people pay upfront the capitalized value of the utility they anticipate receiving.  houses are a more extreme example, producing utility over a period more on the order of twenty to two hundred years. many houses continue to be valuable long after the construction workers who built them have died. yet those workers still got paid wages at the time they built the house, not later. office buildings and universities push the limit even further, lasting several centuries, and _still_ the construction workers are paid upfront, not later.  charitable functions, too, can follow this model. i have donated money to brain cancer research, as have millions of other people around the world. the money i've donated has probably already produced some amount of positive returns, but i highly doubt it has produced a _net_ positive return. however, the awesome thing about research is that the information that is learned through research is useful not just at the time that it is learned, but all the time for the remainder of the existence of human civilization. i have a strong feeling that the money i donated will _eventually_ produce a net positive return, and that is why i donated.
t3_3bqx1k-t1_cspcabe-cspcy8x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	perhaps i could have been clearer. i was trying to delineate her mind at rest and her mind afflicted by her depression. i do not mean to state that i am dead set against her decision, simply that i think this case raises a significant number of important ethical questions that do not seem to be addressed in this thread. namely: in most assisted suicide cases i have seen, the candidate must be proved to be of sound mind, in order to avoid a foggy or coerced mind forced into action it would not normally take. i have heard of brain cancer patients being turned away for this reason. the trouble with this case, and the ones of brain cancer, is that the affliction hoped to be solved through death by its very nature affects the organ that makes that decision. i don't have an answer, but here is the question: can a person demoralized by a rampant and uncontrollable set of emotions be ethically trusted to use that same set of emotions to end their own suffering? or do we as a society have an obligation to step in? these aren't rhetorical questions.   i just very much doubt that very many of those brandishing their libertarian values of "do what you want" at the top of this thread would, at the sight of a man standing on the railing of the golden gate bridge, simply walk by, shrugging to themselves as he steps into the abyss. the trouble, the impossible question, is how long we should hold on to that man's hand before we let go.
t3_4vymod-t1_d62pxgw-d636zho	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was in a bit of a similar situation.  i had a good mother, she just had brain cancer for like two decades so her parenting capacities were limited for a lot of my childhood.  when she died and i moved in with my grandmother at 14 i mostly just wanted to be left alone with a pile of books and maybe a handful of video games.  i wasn't exactly boisterous company but i tried really, really hard not to be a burden.
t3_2l5fes-t1_cls02jx-clsizgp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;  except the twist was that she ended up pregnant. also she might have had a brain tumor which had actually changed her personality and raised morality questions as to whether she could really be guilty. can't remember how it actually ends.  sounds like svu
t3_4g1ee2-t3_4g1ee2-d2dwhei	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6744	i was diagnosed with brain cancer and had to go in for surgery.  not only did he throw me a last minute party with a bunch of coworkers and customers (i only had 10 days notice), but he handed me a cheque for $7000 to help my family out while i recovered.  when i came back he promoted me to general manager of the company.
t3_1f3vn5-t3_1f3vn5-ca6m6yy	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6597	how long was it for her? i only ask cause my girl is fighting a brain tumor and she just started chemo. she also had 2 surgeries as well.
t3_1fx369-t1_caenkb4-caenm4e	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	at 1:30 pm  yesterday, a 6 year old girl named kiki havivy passed away. she was diagnosed with a brain tumor close to 2.5 years ago, and her charity was very heavily supported by tara and the community.
t3_14wp7y-t1_c7h5dx5-c7h6lhr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my brothers first son was born eplieptic, his second sound was born with glioblastoma (brain cancer). he himself was shortly afterwards diagnosed with testicular cancer. shit happens.
t3_2evo3z-t1_ck3e9uj-ck3eejo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she has. her brain is perfectly healthy. she also, has not had surgery. and, if i remember correctly, the cancer spread to her hip then eroded the bone, either way, if she were to stand up her femur would stab through her hip and into her internal organs.
t3_493twh-t3_493twh-d0pflq0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	so here's a fun story for you about how i went from complete zero back to being in complete control of my chops again.  on april 24th i suffered a seizure and was rushed to the hospital where i was diagnosed with a massive tumor in my brain, basically, they said i had brain cancer. my memory was extremely hazy and fuzzy, i could barely remember what day it was, or what was even going on. but here's the more surprising thing: i had completely forgotten how to play guitar. i had been playing for 15 years beforehand, professionally for 7, was a requested player for those that knew me, and a highly sought after teacher at my job. but, somehow, after having a seizure, i couldn't even remember what a goddamn c chord was.  i was like this for 3 months. i couldn't even imagine what in the hell was going on, i had to focus on doing other things because i couldn't do the one thing that i really loved to do, which was play guitar.  but thankfully, after multiple rounds of chemo, my brain started to come back into focus, slowly but surely, and i started to remember things. but here's the problem, not practicing for 3 months put a major dent in my time and my ability to play. and so, for the past 8 months i've been putting it back together, slow and steady. do my warm ups to a metronome, practice scales and chords to a metronome, relearn songs, ect.  it took time, but i'm finally back to normal now and am ready to get my career on track now that my cancer is gone.
t3_zloj8-t1_c65xabw-c65xbzk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	probably losing my shit. i thought i typed the word, but i don't notice that i never did type it until i read the whole thing again or when someone reminds me. it's either sleep deprivation or i have brain cancer or some shit.
t3_4b1tn8-t3_4b1tn8-d2z1dvf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.746	this reminded me when i parked in handicapped once and someone said something quite rude to me. i have disability license plates on my car. i just said to the person "i have terminal brain cancer and i should be dead in the next two months. then you can view this spot empty and know the last words you said to me were horrible" they looked mortified. ha. i do have a horrible incurable disease, i do not have terminal brain cancer. but what business is it of theirs if i park in handicapped? which i am legally able to. eff them
t3_1unmnm-t1_ceka55u-cekl7qc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7441	i never go to a doctor, i rather search my symptoms on the internet. i am pregnant every month, and i have brain cancer every three months. a fortnight ago i had aids.
t3_14esjy-t1_c7cf8ns-c7d0pdb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we don't have those kneejerk responses like, "part of god's plan" or "i'll pray for you." it at least makes them feel like they're doing something. it's part of what makes atheism a longer and more uncertain road to travel. we can keep people in our thoughts, but after that, we might have to actually do something or convey a real emotion.   i had a close friend battle brain cancer for most of her 20's before it claimed her, most of her extended family were very religious, but otherwise nonexistant. her friends and brother were the ones bedside. we were the ones who took shifts home on the couch so she didn't have to be alone all day, and we talked her down whenever she got upset over the religious messages she got from almost strangers.
t3_1hw0f9-t3_1hw0f9-cazl8ps	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7458	my mom was diagnosed with lung cancer (non-smoker for the judgey folks).  part of her lung was removed, radiation, chemo, things are going well.  she starts having these terrible headaches.  my mom was one of those people who would be walking around with an arm off saying, "no, no it's fine, i took an aspirin."  so for her to actually tell her doctor, repeatedly, about these headaches meant it was bad.  she started having blurred vision, mood swings etc.  the doctor kept saying it was stress, or leftover problems from chemo etc.  this went on for months.   finally, my dad put his foot down and made the doctor scan her.   brain tumors.  she died about a year later.  they didn't sue because, as my dad said, "we didn't want our last year or two together to be dealing with court cases."  the doctor was sooooooooo nice.  he only made my dad pay half of my mom's outrageous medical bills, because he was, "soooooo sad we lost ________."    fuck that guy.  seriously, fuck him.  granted, there's no saying they could have saved my mom had it been caught earlier, but she would have stood a better chance.  i would hate him less but he was so obviously without remorse and tried to lie to my parents to keep them from suing.
t3_fwy0y-t3_fwy0y-c1jarpt	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom has terminal brain cancer, we found out two weeks ago she has a tumor. after surgery where they were only able to get 80%-85% of it. after testing the tumor it is a glioblastoma, grade 4, the highest grade and super agressive. she started chemo and radiation last night, she's trying to fight it and we're hoping and praying...
t3_1l2cy2-t1_cbv3u79-cbvjq30	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7416	i can totally relate to the hospital thing. i had two brain cancer tumors removed, and spent 4 months in the hospital due to them almost killing me in the process. when i finally did get home, i couldn't sleep right for close to a month. when my cancer came back, i was re-admitted, and had the best sleep of my life for the next month. it's funny, but what i think also helped me during that time was the fact that i knew subconsciously that i was in a safe environment, and if anything happened people would help me. cheers to a good outlook on life, and honestly, if i were you, i would attempt to get on some sort of disability, or ssi. every penny helps.
t3_4g2r1m-t1_d2edo4f-d2ej4mb	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6568	my grandma had a brain tumor in her forties, no one said she would live but they tried surgery anyway, she lived to be 76 and that was back in the 70s. it's not as bad as it may seem.
t3_qgajc-t1_c3xellf-c3xerpw	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	fortunately for me i received the lottery of brain cancers. i was diagnosed with inter-cranial germinoma brain cancer which responds very well to radiation treatment. it is also extremely rare and afflicts 0.1% of all brain cancers. i was living in a city of five million people and they had only 9 registered cases in the past 10 years. fortunately for me they had a 100% success rate with their treatment. that gave me a lot of comfort and i survived as a result.
t3_2l42uv-t1_clrqzg0-clrt9fp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8042	for crying out loud. the idiocy never ceases to amaze me. call it whatever makes you feel better, but she simply chose her own death date, no matter the method.  &gt; i know people who have ridden cancer out to the bitter end, she did not.  not all cancers are the same. the kind she had was removed, came back with a vengeance, is 100% fatal.   it isn't like she had to have a mole removed. read a book, please. learn critical thinking.   &gt;among those who clinged onto the end when given 6 months to live, at least 1 lived for 20 years mostly in good health,  again, not all cancers are the same. i bet you think someone will come out with one cure for them all too, don't you.    her health is already bad. she is already having major seizures and symptoms. there wasn't any good health to stick around for.  &gt;i have a friend with terminal brain cancer and was given 3-4 months about 2 years ago -- though she is in clearly in the end run now.    maybe no one should be friends with you since it seems everyone around you dies of cancer. or do they miraculously live?   your friend got another 1.5 years. whoopee. doesn't matter, she still died quickly. this woman chose not to go through the horror of it to die anyways. which is her right.
t3_3cs78i-t3_3cs78i-csyloj9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7638	i rent a room and i was drinking with girls from my flat, and i said something about me leaving the apartment soon, cause i have a brain cancer and i'm gonna die *sip*.   those girls looked so terrified and serious i couldnt just tell them "easy, i was joking!". so i said "well, probably. i'll get my diagnosis in 2 weeks". so then for 2 weeks they were asking me about doctors and how i feel, finally i told them "doc called, he says i don't have brain cancer", i just need to take some painkillers sometimes. dodged the bullet.
t3_18k07w-t3_18k07w-cahyusv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6741	yes. i am currently experiencing this. i woke up one day and looking out of my eyes was...different. for several months i felt separated from everything, all stimuli, sight, touch, smell, etc. it was so sudden and uncomfortable that i began fearing it was something more serious. in other words, i was convinced i had brain cancer quite some time. mostly because of the dissociation, but headaches really set me off on anxiety tangents (oh this must be indicative of intracranial pressure, i wonder where my tumor is, etc.) which cause me to dissociate further.     i'm now taking mental supplements (fish oil, co enzyme q10) and anxiety meds (buspar) which seem to be helping. i have days, sometime several, where i feel pretty normal, but it seems that every time i think about it it's there again, which makes me wonder if i'm actually getting better or just getting used to this lesser state of mental awareness. indeed, it's exhausting either way.      like you i'm feeling more like myself again, which is phenomenal and reassuring.    do headaches also accompany your dissociation? also has it triggered hypochondria for you?
t3_t9sjw-t3_t9sjw-c4kwa6d	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6533	instead of perpetuating the false distinction between pharmaceutical/surgical medicines and alternative therapies like herbs or chiropractic. i love the feeling i get after a cup of rosemary tea, and chiropractic helped me a lot when i did sports. i found out i had brain cancer last year and had surgery, now i'm better. still see my chiropractor. still see my herbalist. still see my oncologists. feels good to get help from all angles. why hate it?
t3_3t21je-t3_3t21je-cx33avq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7011	pls gimme a 9000 build op im poor i haev a crappy laptop and crapy internet but pls :'((( im not rich im poor im homeless i have brain cancer and im about to die in exactly 1 month, i want a powahful pc to play fallut three    see! damn y dont u give it to me
t3_17p9wn-t1_c87nr30-c87re74	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ocd is not getting upset over things like this, it's a far more serious disorder which can really make life a lot harder. people seem to love to self diagnose with it (omg pencils aren't straight literally ocd) which is so fucking annoying. it's the equivalent of saying  "omg i have a headache brain cancer lol".
t3_3nlao5-t1_cvp90v4-cvpaihl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i got told i have brain cancer last night by yi jungle who apparently had time to get a few games in between being an oncologist.  the reason he determined me with such an illness? our karthus who won lane and did well all game didnt buy zhonyas. the yi kept getting on him so i told him "be quiet." he then goes on to tell me of my cancer and that i suck. i felt bad being 11/2/6 with his 11/10/8 his cancer must have been stage 4.
t3_3s60z0-t1_cwudkt5-cwvabcb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i build him like an adc. and then i punch people in the face. whether i have brain cancer or not, i crit for 700 when i have 3 full items sooo.
t3_3erh07-t1_cthqxt6-ctiebqu	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6631	i am sorry my friend. i saw my sister die from a bleeding brain tumor this past september. she was 38. she was beautiful. she was an actress, had been on set the night before she died. she had been complaining about a headache for a day or two. she thought it was stress. when we got to the hospital she was hooked up with all these tubes going into her head, keeping her alive. she never woke up. they kept the machines running long enough for each of us - our brother, our mother, her partner and me - to say goodnight. when they turned the switch, it took only a minute until she was lukewarm yellow leather. it is and forever will be the most terrifying and heart wrenching minute of my life. i will always long for my sister.
t3_dmb06-t3_dmb06-c11a2tp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	book recommendation for you:  http://www.normandoidge.com/normandoidge/main.html  once you read this, you will stop putting up with her sh*t and work with her to retrain her brain to adapt to the scar tissue. i'm not going to say she doesn't have her real challenges - she does. but don't let her use her tumor as a cop out for her behavior.
t3_u3h7c-t3_u3h7c-c4s11jb	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	this doesn't sound lsd related. it does sound like bad allergies or food. i had vertigo once or twice this summer, turns out i had brain cancer (we found out when i had a seizure and was imaged in the er) but i'm healthy now. the cancer wasn't drug-related.
t3_9fhm5-t1_c0cklga-c0cklk6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7546	i don't think he was praying for his life, he was praying for his soul.  &gt; "i am writing with deep humility to ask that you pray for me as my own health declines," mccarrick said, quoting from kennedy's letter.  &gt; "i was diagnosed with brain cancer more than a year ago, and although i continue treatment the disease is taking its toll on me. i am 77 years old, and preparing for the next passage of life," the cardinal read.
t3_21mw1v-t1_cgesl4h-cgeuoyh	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7976	this comment made me cry. my little sister list her fight with brain cancer in 2009,(she was 14) she had a companion dog,a mini poodle mix named 'sassy'. after the family decided that the chemo was hindering, rather than helping my sister's quality of life, she stopped doing treatments and went on enjoying the last bus of time with family she had. when she passed, we discovered the dog also had cancer. she had sat on my sister's lap for her chemo treatments, laid on her bed while she was at the children's hospital and supported my sister through that horrible ordeal, only to later discover that she was suffering herself, but did so without complaint. sassy's cancer was caught and removed. she poss away last summer of old age, but to see her devotion to the one human who need her most is remarkable.
t3_29donf-t3_29donf-cik1sad	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5944	"hey everyone, for my cake day, here's a picture of my adorable baby hedgehogs cuddling my adorable baby ferret in a position that makes them resemble a dick and balls!    p.s. didn't think i'd make it to this cake day, since i have inoperable brain cancer which is spreading to my magnificent boobs! (pics in comments)
t3_1q3bxd-t3_1q3bxd-cd8yu95	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i could sleep for 10 more minutes i would feel better. i don't really need to be at work at 7:30 anyway, i only get there early so i can leave early, if i show up on time it would still be fine. no it wouldn't.   yeah, i know. my pants aren't dirty, i'll just iron them again. black pants. gray shirt? blue shirt? does it really fucking matter? green shirt, no, that looks funny. why does green look funny but blue doesn't? maybe blue has always looked funny and i never noticed.  is she still asleep? i bet i could smother her with a pillow. what the fuck? why would i do that? i hope she can't read minds.  even if she could, she's still asleep. maybe that makes her more sensitive to reading minds. like she can channel her thoughts while she sleeps, but upon waking she goes back to normal. la la la la la normal thoughts.  "normal thoughts," is probably not a normal thing to think. need to put water in the iron. does it really matter if i use distilled water? probably not. maybe over years. i wonder if i use tap and then distilled, alternating, if the distilled would cancel out the tap. mother fucker, this stupid shit, i can't...  fuck. fuck it. there, no there's a new wrinkle. it says to people, "hey look! i took the time to iron today! i did a shitty job of it, but fuck you, i took the time to alter my appearance for you. appreciate it." good enough. okay. deodorant.   it's fucking cold in here. she's still asleep? is she going to miss work again today? maybe she was secretly fired and she hasn't been going to work at all. maybe she is having an affair. she spends a lot of time texting people. i really don't think she would do that, why would she do that? she's a pragmatist, if she wanted to cheat she would just leave me.   i wonder why we still have to brush our teeth. it seems so primitive. didn't cavemen do this with a stick and hair or something? there should be a better method.   i hate styling my hair. fucking hate this. it never looks good. well, they say it looks good, but it never does what i want it to, it just does what it wants. ugh. do i want to grab anything for lunch? what time is it?  fuck, i should have gotten up on time. 7:15, i can be there by 7:45 if i speed. i always speed anyway, so it's not as if i won't be doing that. still in bed. i wonder if she's dying. maybe she has cancer or some kind of disease that hasn't been noticed yet. i should be nicer to her. i wonder if she can read my mind?  she's so warm. i wish i could crawl back into bed with her.   it's cold. npr always plays such bullshit in the morning, except for on wednesdays because frank deford is awesome. i mean, i realize everyone is still waking up, but c'mon, i don't need to hear bullshit local news about how the mayor of norco is going to attend some stupid fucking festival. fuck this guy, "i'm going to go 40 miles an hour because i have nothing important to do today." you're an asshole, buddy.   okay, we're getting on the freeway, let's act like we have somewhere to be... oh, really? you just **need** to be in the right lane right now while we all try to merge? you're a real dipshit. yeah, well, i'm cutting you off. fuck yourself if you don't like it, you had ever chance to get out of the way. oh yeah, wave your arms at me like **i'm** the guy who had anywhere else to go. fucking idiot.   fuuuuuck these people. pass on the left, drive on the right, why is that so hard? if you are being passed on both goddamned sides then you are in the wrong lane you stupid fuck.   okay, well, ya'll go off and do your shit, i'm getting away from you. ya'll. ya'll. i don't know why that seems so... comfortable and foreign at the same time. such a weird word or contraction or whatever. i wish i had magneto's powers so i could just throw these fucking cars off the freeway. isn't vosotros the spanish version of ya'll? i wonder how accurate that is.   oh, you fucking cunt. good for you, now you're in front of me, stuck behind the same guy i was 5 seconds ago. i mean shit, i'm in a hurry too, but you're just driving like a dipshit, neither of us are going any faster than the other lanes.   can i make my exit if i pass this guy? ughhhh i... he looks like he drives like a dumbass, i'm going to pass him. oop. oh shit. oh shit, sorry, sorry, fuck, sorry, okay. i made it. oh shit, that guy's still behind me. should i wave? no, he still seems mad. oh well. hey, fuck you, i waved man, i'm sorry, i had to.   i don't recognize that homeless guy. maybe he's not just a grifter, maybe he's really homeless. i'm not going to give him anything, i've given too much away to those fucking con artists.   that's the shame of it really. the guys that i never see again are probably legitimate, but i won't know  who isn't legitimate unless i never see them again, so there's only a negative confirmation. no positive. fuck it, it doesn't really matter, it isn't as if i'm going to really change a life with 5 dollars.   annnnd who parked in my spot? i wish these spots were assigned, but c'mon, you see a car parked there every day and *you* have to park there? what happened to *your* spot? i ain't parking under that tree and getting my shit all sappy, fuck that.   okay. do i have to greet that guy? did he see me? no, i'll pretend i didn't see him.   emails... mostly bullshit. i should respond to her, since she's important, but it won't actually take any work, so i can put it off for a bit. i wonder how much it would hurt if i stabbed my letter-opener through my hand. i bet i could kill three or four people with it before someone stopped me. i dunno, people would probably run away after i got one or two, and then it would be over.   i wonder, if i was *really* determined, if i could get away with stuff like that.  probably everyone who does it assumes they can. wait why are these numbers wrong? no, no no...  oh bitch. i didn't include the mid-quarter numbers from last year. fuck.   should i tell anyone about this, or should i just redo it all? if i tell them i'll look responsible and honest, but if i just fix it without saying anything i'll look like less of a fuck up. i think i just won't say anything.   was that my phone? no, no new texts or anything. feels like it is always going off. i wonder what we're eating for dinner. i wonder if i should start it when i get home. did she go to work? fuck, she better have, she can't keep missing work all the time. i should find out how she is doing. after she responds i'll check about dinner.  time to poop. i'm getting paid to sit here and play with my phone. i'm getting paid to shit. i kind of feel guilty. i wonder how dirty the toilet seat is. i wonder how many surfaces in here have shit or urine on them. i want to graffiti something clever but i can't think of anything and everyone knows my handwriting. they probably don't actually, i'm just being self-important. i really hope this guy leaves soon. what are you even doing? just pee and get out. well, fuck it, i guess i'll just wait. candy crush is so fucking irritating, i don't even know why i play this game. if i drop my phone in the toilet would i still use it or would  get a new one?  can i *afford* to get a new one? better than talking on a shit-phone. it is *my* shit though. how is that better? better than someone else's shit, i guess. i bet i could get away with not washing my hands, but that's disgusting.   she's pretty hot. if i was single i probably wouldn't date her, but i don't mind looking at her. she has nice boobs. she doesn't seem like she'd be very good in bed. seems like she'd be kind of lazy. lay there and make you do all the work. not like that intern, she seems eager to please. less pretty, but i bet she'd be fun. i wonder if anyone can read my mind? maybe that's why jenna is always grumpy maybe she knows what i'm thinking and secretly hates me but can't explain why because then i'd know.   well, i finished everything for today. it's still only 3. i could go and ask for another project, but i think i'll just kill the day on reddit. it isn't like i would get much done in 2 hours anyway, fuck, if i were my boss i would fire my ass.   it's 4. god time is passing so slow. maybe i should find something productive to do so that i can get the fuck out of here without things dragging so much. i wonder what i can't believe it's not butter is actually made out of. it's probably some pretty terrible shit. causes cancer i bet. i wonder if i have cancer. i would bet that i have prostate or lung cancer if i have cancer, but brain cancer might be interesting. maybe i'm slowly going crazy because of a growing tumor in my head. i wonder if i think the way other people think. maybe i'm secretly brilliant but i never realized it.   yeah because you do *so* much brilliant shit...   4:30. i could leave now and everyone would just assume i got here early like i usually do. i should stay though. fuck it i'm leaving.   at least everyone on the road right now is like me and they left early so they can just get home. except this guy. this guy doesn't know what the fuck he's doing. seeyah, guy.   i bet i could cause a horrific car accident if i swerved into that semi. block all the lanes, really fuck up traffic for a few hours. die, and be "that accident" that fucked up traffic and made people late. is that meaningful? i wonder if that's better than having nobody affected by your death at all. i bet that's why those crazy bomber people do that shit. just so that it seems like your life had *some* kind of impact, even if it has to be negative.   meanwhile, i work in spreadsheets all day. i should invent something. or build something. do something different and meaningful.   why the fuck is it always so cold in here?
t3_2tdqhu-t1_cnyb6qo-cnybbku	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6553	it says nicci! it's my sisters name. she passed away the day after new years this year from a brain tumor she had on her pituitary gland that developed when she was 17.
t3_32lqy9-t3_32lqy9-cqd3wpk	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6538	i stood in front of an auditorium filled with youth. hundreds of fresh faced people just beginning their adult lives. it was humbling to think that i too was once their age.  a bright eyed young boy, my time on earth in the double digits. i tried to draw comparison with my own experience of high school. these kids all seemed eager to learn. in the circuit i had taught the past few months i had met more interest than i had ever expected. the term high school had brought me back to the early twenty first century, where intelligence and curiosity made you appear weak, and bulling was commonplace. these bright children, they thirsted for knowledge, despite being able to read interactive modules beamed into their stemware, technology i had helped perfect, technology that saved my mind.  good morning students of newark high school. i know the words i thought and the words that came out of my mouth were vastly different.  every word i spoke was middle-english, the dialect of someone from my birth era, but thanks to my own stemware, it was all translated, updated, to the new dialect.  my name is william roberts, i am sure you have heard of me. they call me the immortal man. i was born july nineteen-eighty-six. slightly over a thousand years ago. i have experienced much in my long lifetime, and i expect to experience much more. i have been asked by the prime speaker of our union to impart my wisdom to the next generation of leaders. the *next generation* how many of those have there been? i remember seeing my only daughter, now long dead, as a hundred year old woman. she was to me, the *next generation*. it was strange, i sought out and found one of my great descendants, the resemblance to my little girl had brought tears to my eyes. now they too are dead.  i try to stay away from my family now. it only brings sadness every time i look at people who remind me of all that i have lost.   i have witnessed empires rise and fall, wars fought and lost, children born, and the elderly die. from totalitarian regimes, to the utopia you kids have here.almost non-existent crime, post-scarcity society, war was almost a thing of the past, hell  a computer with internet access in your brain that can create virtual simulations in your head instead of dreams, if they didnt think this was a utopia, id like them to suggest what one might look like.  to keep me for rambling on about the good ole days i will take a suggestion of a topic.  hundreds of hands went up, nearly every student wanted a question addressed. it was almost overwhelming. it would have ,in fact ,been overwhelming had it not been for my active stemware that managed to calculate the first student to raise their hand. the program in my mind highlighted the student three rows back. i pointed towards them, through force of habit, and our two systems communicated for a moment, letting him know he was chosen to ask. he was a young boy, likely about sixteen, his face lit up with he received his signal. he stood up and his stemware interfaced with the intercom i was using , allowing him to be heard by every student.    hi, uh, sir. can you tell us about nine hundred and eleven? we covered it in history a few weeks ago, but did things really change overnight like the history books said?  ah yes, by the way it was called *nine eleven* because of the date, and i suppose you could say things did change. i was in high school like you when it happened. i remember it as if it were yesterday, mainly  because the stemware archives allows instant access to every memory i have. i was in a ninth grade computer class. it really did feel as if things had changed instantly.  it was more of a *feeling* i suppose. dont get me wrong, there were actually changes that happened. security was heightened all around the united states, the patriot act, the act that eventually undid the first union was passed thanks to the chaos, and the wars that followed did change the world.  the wars i remember them the most. i would not need my computer to remember those, i wish i could forget sometimes, the computer does help with that when its too much. i had fought with the marine infantry during the iraq war. i was mortal at the time, i knew because i had been shot in the shoulder and it had taken months, and mind numbing pain, for it to fully heal. nowadays it would take seconds. the fear i felt then, the fear of death, was something i can hardly comprehend anymore. the idea that at any moment you just wouldnt *be*, it was horrible. these kids dont know that terror just yet, i hope they never do. im not sure what was worse, the fear of it, or the acceptance of it. when in twenty sixteen i had been diagnosed with brain cancer, i had prepared to stop being alive. i had prepared to die , leaving my first wife and poor baby daughter behind. it just didnt happen though. the cancer disappeared, the doctors were astonished. they had done surgery on the back of my head( barbaric by todays standards) to see if the could find any trace of it. they couldnt , and when they closed my incision, it healed instantly.   from that moment on i wouldnt die. i had gone to fearing leaving my family alone, to fearing watching them die. and i did watch them die, slowly. but what changed most was our view of the world itself, the world no longer felt safe. despite no terrorist attack ever equaling its measure since, people still feared it happening again. the world felt aware.  my eyes snapped open, force of habit, there was no point what with light itself dying several billion years ago. i had been having a great dream. my stemware has a way of sending me where i need to go at that time. i love my stemware, she is the only friend i have left. the heat death of the universe had snuck up on me. maybe if i had just spend more time studying, i could have found a way to bring a friend with me. to immortalize another human, or at least some sentient being. i missed them, all of them. the humans most of all. sure the wacky alien races were great too, at the very least someone to talk to. i truly longed to talk to my own people. i chuckle to myself, each sound i make defying the laws of physics. my own people , i stopped being human long before they died out. still, it was nice to look at people that looked like me.   i stared off into the darkness, my stemware readings have been scanning for anything for what seems like forever. i sigh and cross my arm, some of the last particles in the universe shake off of my body as it moves, flying into the distance to die like everything else. *why cant the damn universe justrestart*. i set up my next dream, making sure this one would last at least a million years. what about the twelfth millennium , that super volcano made things interesting for a while.
t3_4ncqyz-t3_4ncqyz-d43aczx	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my senior year my best friend was diagnosed with a glioblastoma (brain cancer). she was terminal from the beginning but wanted to fight it. she never told me and i prayed and just knew she could make it.   i went with her to get the port surgery so that they could give her chemo. i watched as she withered to 78 lbs, then ate dinner with her family while they injected liquid vitamins into the same port used for chemo because she couldn't eat. i watched her swell to 130lbs from the liquid food and rubbed lotion on the giant  two inch wide tears in her skin from stretch marks. i was there when her mother cried with her and cut off her tatty remaining hair. i was there when all of her friends couldn't handle it and faded into the back ground. i was holding her mothers hand while she cried because her friends also stepped away because of the gravity of the situation. i was there watching her poor little ten year old brother watching his only sister die a horrible slow god forsaken death.  i was at her funeral, listening to the christian songs she faithfully picked out for her own funeral.  me and god never made it up after that.
t3_34vvwp-t1_cqyr6tk-cqyrwm2	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	that's the cancer that took my mom. for awhile it actually looked like she was in remission, then one day there was a tennis ball size lump growing from her shoulder/neck. before long she was forgetting things as it had grown into an angry brain tumor. it's terrible, and just.. fuck i want to cry.
t3_3t3lvn-t3_3t3lvn-cx32l6r	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	this is honestly how i found out i had brain cancer:  i was at a family x-mas party with my wife and her father, a retired doctor witnessed me having a seizure. albeit brief, he realized what it was and insisted i see a neurologist. fast forward 5 years, i [had brain surgery](https://c2.staticflickr.com/6/5180/5444532708_b2d983b13f_o.jpg) to remove a grade2 ganglioglioma about the size of a golf ball (3cm) from the left temporal, which ended my seizures. i have been cancer free now for 9 years.
t3_1grdnh-t3_1grdnh-can0vrx	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7609	one year ago i was hospitalized because (unknown to me at the time) brain tumors were making my life hell. i was supposed to go to a death (metal band) show on june 28th 2012, but had brain surgery on the 29th after being in the hospital for 11 days.  the night of the show my girlfriend gets a phone call from her cousin who "wanted to wish me luck" but i was duped and it was indeed [paul masvidal](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/paul_masvidal). guy at work is in a black metal band and pulled some strings and paul was cool enough to call me and wish me luck and stuff and was sorry i couldn't make the show and wished me the best. he ended up dedicating a song that show. the song was ["within the mind"](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9-evlpvpifi). we exchanged numbers and kept in contact after i was diagnosed with brain cancer and i kept him updated throughout chemo and stuff.  this march he played in nyc again and we finally met face to face after the show.  paul is a cool ass motherfucker. maybe not the most famous person but as a death metal fan i felt like a little kid when i finally met him.
t3_30dbpl-t1_cprioub-cps1v6w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5908	my mother had brain cancer over her brocal region. we thought so too. she ended up okay! there's still a hole there though. hasn't kept her from running her business. it's amazing what doctors can do nowadays.
t3_tmczx-t3_tmczx-c4nza5s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother had been fighting colon &amp; brain cancer for over 2 years. one day her colon busted and started flooding her system. my parents were divorced so as the oldest, the decisions came to me. the doctors said they could operate and possibly have her die on the table, or sedate her and make her as comfortable as possible to pass. she had already home through multiple surgeries so i chose to have her sedated and be in peace until she passed. this decision was made around 10 am and she passed at 9:30 that night. the one good thing is that she was surrounded by her best friends and closest family.
t3_40wvbq-t1_cyxvbpt-cyxvtik	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah i have brain cancer from trying to find it. how hard is it to get political refugee status because i don't want to live in a country where people are this stupid any more.
t3_3vep8m-t3_3vep8m-cxnb8k4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6679	not me, but my sister left during the movie "phenomenon". she was going through chemo and radiation treatments for a very serious brain tumor at the time, and when she realized what was happening to the character, she said that she couldn't take it and had to leave.
t3_21htqa-t1_cgd5ldy-cgdalls	brain_cancer	relevant	0.76	my mother had brain cancer when i was in my late teens.  she survived, but her personality changed and iq dropped precipitously.  my heart goes out to you.
t3_2tqcce-t3_2tqcce-co1vh3f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was looking at life insurance nothing huge 250k maybe since i have 2 little ones. what's the rundown? just sign up and start paying? do they come to my house and do some tests? if i buy it now and find out next month i have brain cancer and die in 2 months is there still a payout or do i have to wait a few years for it to be "active"?
t3_1v41y3-t1_ceokodt-cep3h4w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6613	i have synesthesia (multiple types, if anyone cares just ask), visual snow, and tons of other stuff (not exactly mental, but i had brain cancer february 2010.) my brain is fucked up.
t3_25h8c7-t3_25h8c7-chh6fow	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"they're offering you a plea bargain," my lawyer told me. "you can go to court, risk the life sentence for murder, or you can join the three day rotation." he chuckled dryly. "i suppose that they think it's poetic justice."  i smiled, although i didn't find it funny. in three days, i was to go on trial for murder - i had deliberately passed on my brain cancer to a co-worker, by sneaking a bit of my blood into her soda one day. how was i to know that she was one of those weirdos who refused to transfer?  "what do you think my chances are in court?" i asked him, before i made my decision. he was supposed to be the best, after all.  "not good, i'm afraid," he said apologetically. "i can try to argue it down to manslaughter, since you didn't know, but... this is a new legal precedent, here, no one's ever killed with a transfer before. the judge doesn't want to deal with it, which is why he's offering the plea bargain, but, well..." he sighed. "i suspect that if it comes to it he'll come down heavily. do you still want to plead guilty?"  i shook my head. "i'll take the plea. i'll join the three day rotation."  he whistled, soft and low. "you're a brave man. three days a week of the dangerous diseases in the world?"  "and *four* days a week of being pampered and cared for," i pointed out. "besides, someone's got to do it. gotta keep the really bad ones out of circulation." malaria, hiv, ebola...  "true," he agreed. "still, it must be horrible... and you won't be allowed to leave the rotation like the volunteers can."  i shrugged. "can't be worse than the cancer."  *this is my first time answering a prompt, please give me criticism and/or advice.*
t3_1did05-t3_1did05-c9rr8tc	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5108	my mother was diagnosed with glioblastoma grade 4 in december.  i'm having a hard time with her mental degradation.  she went from 95% to 40% normal functioning very quickly.  the problem aside from the obvious is that before the cancer she was already needy, not incredibly bright, and now i can't tell if its her cancer or just her personality every day.  she is inactive, smokes, and is obese with a variety of other problems.  i am convinced she will not make it long including all these factors and its so frustrating.  i'm angry alot and i want her time left to be good but i don't know what kind of quality life she has to look forward to.  i don't want to make it worse but her life choices have made this process extra difficult and i feel like a huge asshole because shes the one with cancer, and i'm not coping well with her demanding nature, especially now.  was this an issue during your brothers fight?  any advice for me?  i'm just afraid and now i don't think my mom has the cognitive ability to be an ear, nor should she since her fight is so intense... feeling lost here.
t3_2woep7-t1_coszcd5-coszmql	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5505	welp it was grade 4 glioblastoma sooooo.........  actually yes i had wonderful treatment!  super surgery, radiation and chemo, and i "lucked out" with my genetic information and micro biology stuff.  3 years in may.  they say i will go decades...
t3_43hlyb-t1_czi9fo0-czijyc0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad's girlfriend's daughter had a brain tumor at 16. she's been fine for years now but with that being a pre-existing condition she probably could not get her own insurance to cover it.
t3_4zm1mc-t3_4zm1mc-d6x6jnd	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was doing my best to not scream or vomit in agony on a hospital bed in the er as it felt like my head was going to explode, and i started to lose my vision. it happened over the course of a week culminating in that morning.   i thought i just had a migraine, and a bad case of food poisoning. i didn't care what the diagnosis was, i just wanted the pain to go away. shingles is painful, and distracting. this kind of pain consumes you, it takes away that desire to breath if it means you have to feel that sensation again. you start cursing your own heart beat because it hurts. a mind numbing, soul shattering agony that haunts and robs you of hope. i didn't think i had brain cancer i didn't frankly care, about the prognosis either so long as it meant i would stop hurting. 21, and first week of my phd.
t3_yy27d-t1_c5zt5m9-c5zt7dh	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6594	she had been slowing down a lot. figured out she had a brain tumor pressing on her eye cavity and she stroked out and had convulsions and foamed at the mouth spraying out and crazy shit. then she couldn't stand up, her right side was totally limp. couldn't stand to see her dying  in pain so we took her out to get put down. likely her brain tumor hit critical mass and all hell broke loose. she had a damn good 14 years though. dog went on roadtrips with us every summer all over the country.
t3_227cng-t1_cgk2kaa-cgk31s0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've thought about it a lot. i've had several family members pass away from cancer, and it is the most horrible experience, both for those fighting, and for their family.   i've pictured what my life would be like with j. we would date, maybe even get married, but my life would be about him, and selfishly, i don't know if i want that. i have my own cancer (that shit's everywhere, right?), and want to be able to have days when i care about myself and my own struggle. i know he would be there for me, but i would feel guilty and selfish for it because he's going through so much more.   i want to be friends with j and i want to marry c. but here's where i screwed myself over: when c and i got together, i cut j out of my life, because i felt horrible loving them both. so, c only knows that i have a friend with brain cancer, but that i don't talk to him often. that's all he knows. i feel like talking to j in any manner is cheating on c, because i do love j as well, though admittedly, not as much as i love c.
t3_17zlqt-t3_17zlqt-c8a96he	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my nephew had one growing in his inner ear dangerously close to his brain stem. he is 10. while it was fast growing and they did not think they would be able to remove it all. through the use of a neurosurgeon they were. they told my sister there is a very slim likelihood that it will grow back. he will need cosmetic surgery to recreate his ear. the tumor was benign. this was his second tumor removal surgery, at four they found them growing in this nasal cavity. those have not grown back.  even without feeling anything it is probably a good idea to get preventative rechecks.
t3_3fmx4y-t3_3fmx4y-ctq1ewq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[**@thooorin**](https://twitter.com/thooorin): &gt;[2015-08-03 16:38:47 utc](https://twitter.com/thooorin/status/628243628901580801)  &gt;only just got back in, but i just checked esl's cs:go rankings and i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.  goodnight.  ----  [^[mistake?]](/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=error%20report&amp;message=/3fmx4y%0a%0aplease leave above link unaltered.) [^[suggestion]](/message/compose/?to=tweetposter&amp;subject=suggestion) [^[faq]](/r/tweetposter/comments/13relk/) [^[code]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter) [^[issues]](https://github.com/buttscicles/tweetposter/issues)
t3_4cas3o-t3_4cas3o-d1ghz2o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.767	my childhood dog began having seizures around 10 years of age - she was on pheno and while it made her a little odd mentally, she was actually happier it seemed. she was always an anxious dog but the pheno really took the edge off of that and suddenly she loved everyone. different situation though as she had a brain tumor (allegedly) and not epilepsy, but it was better than letting her suffer.   /u/synaxis? she has a husky with epilepsy who hasn't had a seizure in a long time, i believe.
t3_4ltluo-t3_4ltluo-d3q3crw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.634	i'm not worried about dying after living a long life, but i am afraid of leaving the world before my time. it's completely out of my hands so i don't dwell on it, but dying of old age would be a lot easier than finding out i have terminal brain cancer tomorrow and 6 months to live.
t3_qgsj9-t3_qgsj9-c3xk8ad	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5635	my aunt opted for euthanasia after she was told there was no hope of her recovering from breast cancer. it had spread to her brain and she wanted to die before it completely destroyed her. she had seen her wife die from breast cancer a few years earlier and she knew what it could do to a person. when i went to visit her at home i knew she was considering euthanasia but apparently she had already made up her mind and set a date (a few days after the visit). my dad and uncle (her brothers) were there as well and it was incredibly hard and emotional. she didn't want any of us to be there when she passed so when we left i knew it was the last time i'd see her. she said she didn't want anyone thinking she'd be at rest and with her wife now (she was an atheist) but that this was really for the better, as there was no hope for recovery. i hugged her goodbye and she told me everything would be all right. although of course it wouldn't, not for her at least. the evening when she was euthanised was incredibly weird. i was at home with my parents and it was awful to know that only an hour's drive away my aunt was dying. but i do think it was for the best for her.    anyway, i'm sorry for rambling on but i just want you to know that i know a bit of how you feel. if this is your sister's choice i think you should try to accept it, no matter how hard that might be. good luck to you and your sister.
t3_2kzx6g-t1_clqr7s0-clrcn66	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	op says this is some follow-up to another post of his, but all i see are a bunch of porn links in his post history... and after reading through the comments here, i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.
t3_1xy5v7-t3_1xy5v7-cffxwdk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6639	my grandfather had brain cancer and died from it. my grandmother apparently had one before i was born, but they successfully removed it and it was benign. i'm playing russian roulette with my genetics.
t3_u8sla-t1_c4tcdj9-c4td6ki	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	every so often i'll have a mini-anxiety attack, or feel overwhelmed and get flustered and want to just walk right out of the situation i'm in. mother's day at the restaurant i work at was like that, very busy, and it got so confusing. i got a bit flustered, took 5 minutes to myself and got back out there.  depression lingers when i think "oh i have brain cancer and don't have a serious girlfriend! i'm going to die alone" and then i realize that i'm only 25 and don't have my career going yet, so really.....why am i worrying about something that i'm not even ready for yet?
t3_17xhms-t3_17xhms-c8a8vl7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7641	my aunt. she pushed my uncle to the point of suicide and refused to feed my grandma (who was living under her care and unable to feed herself), ultimately causing her death. also for not taking care of my other aunt who also stayed there when she had a brain tumor growing who also passed away. then after my uncle died she used the money from his will for a brand new car and a diamond necklace. they were married for 20 years and she got remarried less than six months later. i wish i could say that i wanted her new husband to murder her but i'd be too kind and unforgiving to wish that upon her.
t3_mf952-t1_c30g5fc-c30i5j7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5167	so much this. get a second opinion. the first neurologist i saw after a seizure told me i had brain cancer and that i needed to start chemo while i got everything for a surgery in order. more thorough tests by a different doctor showed it was a benign tumor. it'll cost money, but you need to be sure about this.
t3_453s4t-t3_453s4t-czuy4sy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my father died of a brain tumor about 2 years after i got married.  my wife was amazing and not only did it strengthen our bond but it also strengthened her bond with my entire family when they saw how much she helped me, how much she cared for my dad, and how much she helped my entire family.  i always valued my wife but this horrible tragedy pushed us closer together.
t3_1o5nsk-t1_ccp0b0g-ccp0g2j	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	well it was a trip given to me because i just found out i have brain cancer and i was sent on a last trip before i have to have the tumor removed and start radiation treatment.
t3_39wogs-t1_cs7kib4-cs8iyyy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that was me a few years ago. i thought i had brain cancer or something. i was in a bad shape before i found out it was allergies.  never had allergies in los angeles or denver, and that includes crossing into the valley for work (in la) and breathing less-than-good air.  the air here is full of ... i don't know what, exactly, but it's bad.
t3_4zyvz7-t1_d6zvdvm-d6zw73v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7547	thanks man. it's a big help :) currently i'm stressing over a  bunch of things, i have add, trouble with going to school (because of anxiety), i do actually love school, but attending is really hard for me. i just constantly go around with a cloud around my head... and i don't know why it's so hard for me to accept that stress, anxiety and depression can cause these physical symptoms.. but atm. then i'm almost convinced that i have brain cancer... for like the 20th time in my life :p but on the flipside then i just went for a run. and i doubt someone with actual brain cancer would be able to do that easily..   did some of your symptoms go away when you started to "live a normal life"? and how did you start like fucking living again? i mean it's just hard to get out there, when you're convinced that you'll die young, or tomorrow anyways.. did you take small steps? because as it is right now, then just taking the train to school and staying there seems impossible. i get the worst panic attacks..
t3_4qxanv-t3_4qxanv-d4wwsuq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7615	had a seizure at work and was apparently walking into walls and fell down in the bathroom. my mom came to pick me up, brought me to my place. i fell down and had another seizure and my mom called an ambulance.  all i remember was going into the bathroom at work after puking in my lesson room. i woke up in an icu with everyone telling me that i had brain cancer and that i only had two weeks to live. they started chemo treatment immediately at cedars and now i'm completely clean of cancer.
t3_2zh5eq-t3_2zh5eq-cpjsbtc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother says that my eyes are so bad that when i first got glasses the optometrist came running out the back room, sat down in a chair next to her, grabbed her hand, looked her deep in her eyes, and said "don't you worry ma'am, we're gonna get your girl some help" she thought i had brain cancer or something from his tone, but nope...i just have shitty vision.
t3_2l42uv-t1_clrpjbo-clrqzg0	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6682	even if she took her own life because her death would suck, doesn't mean she didn't commit suicide.  she in fact committed suicide.  i know people who have ridden cancer out to the bitter end, she did not.  i have known people who have killed themselves for what no reason at all.  in the end she is in the category of people who committed suicide.  was it a good idea, maybe.  among those who clinged onto the end when given 6 months to live, at least 1 lived for 20 years mostly in good health, and another a bit more than 5 years.  i have a friend with terminal brain cancer and was given 3-4 months about 2 years ago -- though she is in clearly in the end run now.   if any of these people killed themselves, i would have understood.  being eaten alive by your own body is just terrifying -- but each would have lost their opportunity to live much longer.
t3_3swftj-t1_cx106oj-cx1muvs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6068	yes. my husbands family is lds. he is the only one who is not in his in entire family. his family treats us as they treat anyone else in the family. we have gone to functions at the church. never any pressure to join.  in fact i was diagnosed with brain cancer last year and had surgery. lots of offers for help during that time, with no expectations even though my husband has not been active in 20 years. missionaries don't even come to our house anymore, but if i'm outside doing yard work or something, they will offer to mow my lawn. so in our case it hasn't been a big deal.
t3_4joq25-t3_4joq25-d38buav	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother once told me that one of her patients told her, "i quit smoking thirty years ago, and if i were to find out tomorrow that i have brain cancer and only had a week to live, the first thing i would do is have a cigarette."  i don't think it ever goes away. you just have to commit to living with the occasional annoyance of wanting one -sometimes really, really bad.
t3_1lqaws-t3_1lqaws-cc1shw5	brain_cancer	relevant	0.749	thanks for sharing this! ignore any people on here who are hating on it. they are just jealous. i have brain cancer and going thru this battle isn't easy so when i see cool stuff like this, it makes my day better. your karma went up just by posting this because you made a lot of people's day as did the writer of the note. i know i genuinely smiled and got a little laugh out of the droid part. thank you for sharing!
t3_3la0sq-t1_cv4kf3y-cv78546	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you could say the same thing about career as a neurosurgeon. honestly, if i had brain cancer and needed surgery i would trust this man's judgement because he was, at one time, the undisputed best in his profession.  judge someone on their success and their actions, sure. but dont be so quick to judge someone on their views of the origin of life.
t3_tqrc0-t1_c4oyaa9-c4oyvjk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yea he acually is just some random kid. im not saying it sucks that he is going to die, but thats just the way it is. over 120,000 children under the age of 5 die a year because of starvation and i think it is kind of ridiculous to target some 6th grader and mark him as something special. if i was diagnosed with brain cancer tomorrow i wouldnt expect random people, oceans away, to sympathize with my unimportant plights so why should i care about him?
t3_xm2di-t3_xm2di-c5nkxzg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i live in a fairly small community in comparison to some of the cities nearby (dc, richmond, norfolk) and i work in a taco bell in the town.   one night i'm working closing shift and my manager, let's call her elane because that's her actual name, was there to supervise as well as my older brother (who put in a recommendation for me). this family of three walks into the the lobby and elane greets them, she notices a bald child that looked frail. elane walks up to the child and says "you look like you feel sick, what's wrong?". this little boy looks up and just says "i have brain cancer". elane ended up rushing to the backroom in tears from the shock of it.  this kid, trent alan williams, aged 8, died as a result of cancer on sunday. i cannot begin to imagine the struggle that that family had to go through to put on a brave face for that child. i cannot begin to fathom how that child could face dying before even getting a decade into his life so bravely.   if you'll excuse me i'm going to go  cry or something. i just ruined my own day.
t3_4v9eoq-t3_4v9eoq-d5x4w55	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother has a kind of brain tumor. because of the tumor growing and the chemo she got she is losing her short term memory and her sense of time more and more.  she has completely lost the urge to smoke but will still smoke if someone asks her if she  wants a cigarette.
t3_275p85-t3_275p85-chxv8f7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh man this hit hard. my cat died rather suddenly 2 weeks ago. she was by far the most special pet i've ever had and the loss is really hard to bear even weeks later.   a year ago, my girlfriend of 6 years had a sudden stroke and almost died. she had about 6-8 months of rehab ahead of her and couldn't work. she already suffered from depression, and it got a lot worse. when she was able to come home from the hospital, i took her to the shelter and we adopted an 11 year old cat who looked very similar to yours actually!   she was the sweetest cat i've ever had. she would snuggle with my girlfriend all day when  i was at school/work and was a huge help to her rehab process. she instantly became part of our small family. 8 months later, she got sick. we brought her to the vet, and got some medicine. 2 days later she died. we found out she had a brain tumor that we didn't know about. she died in my girlfriends arms on the way to the animal hospital to put her down  (she was in bad shape at that point).   we ended up having her cremated because she was so special to us but man seeing that urn daily is painful.   feel free to message me if you want, i know what you're going through.
t3_1ivl8u-t1_cb91j46-cb91p1w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they said it might be a slow bleed or a tumor. i have to get an mri, because they want to verify what they saw on the ct scan. i am waiting to hear back from radiology to schedule my mri, which should be tomorrow. it was supposed to be today, but it wasn't able to happen.   after the mri, i was told to immediately make an appointment with the neurosurgery clinic. i am really worried that it might be a tumor, since earlier this year they were considering that i had brain cancer before dismissing it, though they didn't run any tests for it.   hopefully it is just a small bleed that they can remove the pressure with a quick cut and i will be fine. do you have any advice to stop worrying until i have more information?
t3_2o5le9-t1_cmjyf69-cmk3srq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a good friend who did brain cancer research.  they happened to know very little about politics.  like they didn't know fox was considered a right "leaning" news source.  after reading 1 book i've never heard of from some author i've never heard of they developed some very strong fringe feelings about politics.  why should the rich pay taxes or whatever.  anyhow we were "debating" politics once and i made a pretty well established point to them.  something you could easily source from msnbc fox or bbc.  they said because they were a scientist this wasn't good enough and they needed more sources/evidence.  they were a scientist and it's how their brain worked.  the same person who formed their passionate feelings from *one fringe book*.
t3_1e5e1p-t1_c9wzxbd-c9x0hbp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it started with her eyes she felt like they we're bugging out of her head then we noticed she was slowly going cross eyed. the pressure from her brain fluid was putting pressure on her optical nerves causing them to swell. headaches came next dizziness and nausea her balance was affected. but her eyes we're the major complaint until the sharp pains started like being stabbed all over her head and down her spine. it took awhile for her to even go to the e.r. and even then they didn't know what was wrong finally she went to see a neurologist who explained it like this your body thinks you have a tumor (cause apparently some tumors cause weight gain) we have to install a shunt to help the fluid drain properly cause right now it's not draining. those are not his exact words it's been almost ten years since this went down i'm giving ya'll the best of my memory.
t3_2yqc8e-t3_2yqc8e-cpcnjl4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6703	nmil called us 20 minutes into a drive out of town to visit friends. she tried to turn nfil's colonoscopy appointment into cancer.   she's lied about many medical issues, and staged a few as well. then she actually got lung cancer that spread to her spine and brain. treatment worked, she's almost done and looks to have some cancer free years ahead. she's terribly disappointed by the lack of drama from us, and she's sad to see her cancer go. rather than be glad she only has one more treatment scheduled and could have a few good years, she is desperately clinging to the phrase "i have brain cancer." that is how she's framing it now that the cancer is not detectable in her lungs or spine any longer and her doctors recommend radiation to take out any remaining cells in her brain that are too small for them to detect.
t3_3p05w4-t3_3p05w4-cw27jue	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is why i handcraft my foil hats out of only the finest thorium. the fact that my doctor thinks i have brain cancer and radiation poisoning just goes to show how brainwashed he is by the chemtrails.
t3_2ct7mq-t3_2ct7mq-cjl5r6w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i volunteer at a camp for kids with cancer and let me tell you...those kids will worm their way into you and change the way you look at life altogether. most counselors had 2-4 kids, i had one who survived his brain cancer. he was physically 5, mentally 2 but one of the happiest kids alive. he loved to sing and has the brightest smile. his parents are kind enough to let me keep in touch and he calls me all the time to sing me songs over the phone. the next time i see him will be tomorrow...at the funeral of one of his camp friends who didn't make it.  not all childhood cancer stories are bad, but they definitely change you.
t3_19obr2-t3_19obr2-c8q3wdu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	went to california with my wife to visit my dad who had a tumor removed from his brain ...my mom was there so was my sister who is 40 with her boyfriend and best girlfriend who's 30 we all where drinking and relaxing having a good time when suddenly my sister hugged her friend and told her she loves her and started making out with her....most confused and awkward boner i've ever had .....i had to leave the room...
t3_3fmkk9-t1_ctq24w4-ctq250o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[**@thooorin**](https://twitter.com/thooorin/)  &gt; [2015-08-03 16:38 utc](https://twitter.com/thooorin/status/628243628901580801)  &gt; only just got back in, but i just checked esl's cs:go rankings and i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.  goodnight.  ----  ^this ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot  [^[contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=tweetsincommentsbot)[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
t3_2l1csb-t1_clqp21s-clrh1xf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my story? it's simple really. i've suffered from depression my entire life. everyday is a constant battle. everyday is painful. i'm almost 40 years old now and its been like this for as long as i can remember. and yes i've seen all sorts of counselors psychologists and psychiatrists, and all sorts of medications. my life is half over i don't want to do another 40 years like this. funny thing is if i had brain cancer they would let me go, but not with this.  having said that i will never take it into my own hands to end my life, not because i don't want to, but because of the reasons i mentioned above. i don't want to fail and i don't want the pain.
t3_2w9su9-t3_2w9su9-copgjxq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6578	tales from the ed: unexciting version.   "help! my 2nd toenail turned dark 6 months after a pedicure." no.   "i was on my way home from work so i wanted my glucose checked." it's 118. no.   "i have gerd and i feel like i am having worse gerd right now." no!!!  even "i have known brain cancer and known seizures and i just had a seizure but i am dnr and don't want any surg chemo or rads and have a meeting with palliative next week." why.
t3_4wbq6z-t3_4wbq6z-d65wrmo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5036	had brain tumor removed almost 2 years ago. (oct 2014) congrats man!!  i've had no issues. i was lucky though and zero symptoms prior. mine was removed from my right side, temporal lobe. happy for you!
t3_2whegc-t3_2whegc-cor8a2v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i fucking love white castle's food...but the last thing i would want is white castle farts on my wedding night. well, okay, finding out i have incurable brain cancer is probably the last thing i want, but white castle farts are definitely high on the list.
t3_okund-t3_okund-c3i22t8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7607	you can't prepare for it man. i have a sister with brain cancer and it's just something you have to deal with. you need to understand this is a part of life. cherish every memory and spend as much time as possible.   i'm so sorry you have to experience this. i may be in a similar situation soon.
t3_3nnpj7-t1_cvpstqv-cvptblt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6629	yeah. you hear stats like 3% of people get disease a, and 2% of people get disease b, c, d, etc., and there are a lot of diseases out there so you wonder if all of a sudden you're gonna get sick, even if you're perfectly healthy.  i had a high school friend who got brain cancer at 27, no history in the family.  also a teacher who died in less than 6 months after being diagnosed.  she was in her 40's.  not trying to worry you further, but if you catch whatever it is early, then thats good.  i don't know ya, but i don't wantcha do die either!  i think you'll be fine though.  get a checkup though if you haven't in a while.
t3_12ie4v-t3_12ie4v-c6vbf49	brain_cancer	relevant	0.668	my mother was diagnosed with malignant thyroid cancer when she was 19 years old. they told her show would not live another year (this was back in the late 70's) they decided to take a radical path and remove her thyroid and the mass and managed to save her life despite the odds they had stacked against her. she's had a rough life, mostly taking a lot of medication (often times we could not afford due to jobloss) to do the job of her thyroid.   within 2 years of the surgery she was experiencing some lighteheadedness and ear pain, she had another malignant mass in her brain that ate through her ear canal. she has lost all hearing in that ear (and her douchey fiance dumped her while they did chemo) but they managed to save her life again.   her cancer has come back a few times in odd places but she's been lucky to have something to hold onto...something to fight to live for.  your girlfriend has her entire life a head of herself....tell her she needs to fight for that life. tell her to hang in there not for you, or her family, or her fear...but for a future she can actively be a part of and enjoy despite whatever complications may arise for her in said future. it won't be easy...my mother is a strong willed 51 year old mother of seven grandmother of 8 and she doesn't let anything (even a later diagnosis of ms and hearing loss entirely on her right side and having 2 children with asperegers, 1 alcoholic, and another with munchausens by proxy) keep her from doing her hardest to make it through each day.  tl;dr: my mom lived so can she.
t3_1xny2f-t3_1xny2f-cfd1ask	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i learned that if i lay down with the right side of my face on the pillow the spinning stops. left side on pillow and all the sudden i'm on a carnival ride.  don't know what it means but it probably means i have brain cancer or something.  well thats the only interesting thing thats ever come of my drinking. kind of weak but everything else is really just good times "you had to be there."
t3_y37ud-t1_c5s05v9-c5s78gh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8503	i am 45 and can barely take my mother in the smallest of doses. she was a complete stressed out drunk bitch when i was little. divorced my dad when i was 11 remarried when i was 14. got a great man to raise my sister...they started their lives over. i was still affected my her shitty up bringing and it pissed her off that i just could not leave it behind me. she got brain cancer 8 years ago and is completely healed except her short term memory is gone. she lost the last 35 years and lives in some fantasy land...sucks! i still can barely stand to be around her.
t3_47q2tg-t1_d0ffa0q-d0fgdvl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yea it was nuts. apparently it wasn't always that way so maybe it had a brain tumor or something. neighbor had to have it put down because she simply couldn't handle a gigantic agressive dog and she was afraid it'd kill a kid or something.
t3_29kkq0-t3_29kkq0-cim5ibg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when my mom was 32, she was married to a man she hated (my father). she had birthed 3 children, all boys, and had buried one of them. he died from a brain tumor when he was 2. she'd filed for divorce but the judge wouldn't grant it because my father wasn't cheating or physically abusive. she was extremely unhappy.  while i'm definitely happier than she is, i can't very well say my life is necessarily better. i live with my father due to financial problems on my part. i have a 12 yard old son. we're happy, just financially a mess. lol. and my boyfriend is the greatest.
t3_23qv1e-t1_cgzquwr-cgzqzv5	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6807	i developed some issues with my hormones, after maybe six months of investigation i was sent to a neurosurgeon who informed me that he thinks i have brain cancer and wanted to do a biopsy for diagnoses.   i was my mother and i had that cliche buzzing in the ears / having trouble taking in the information. as we left his clinic we both started crying and hugging each other. my great uncle and aunt had driven us there as the clinic was in another city, as we apporached there car we sort of smiled and laughed because we were pretty shocked and we're not normally emotional people. as we got in the car they expected good news because we were sort of smiling, i awkwardly explained the situation and sat in silence for an hour as we drove home.  it actually took three surgeries and two years before i was able to get the diagnoses we were looking for, because it's in a tricky part of the brain to get too.
t3_3e77c3-t1_ctc4t1d-ctc7cwl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you know what is good for going nuts?  it helps with my  ~~ acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness  alcohol abuse  alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis als  ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa~~  # anxiety disorders  ~~ any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis  arnold-chiari malformation  arteriosclerotic heart disease  arthritis  arthritis rheumatoid  arthropathy, gout  asthma~~  # attention deficit hyperactivity disorder add/adhd  # autism/aspergers  ~~ autoimmune disease  back pain  back sprain  bell's palsy~~  # bipolar disorder  ~~ brain tumor, malignant  bruxism  bulimia  cachexia  cancer  carpal tunnel syndrome  causalgia  cerebral palsy  cervical disk disease  cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy  chemotherapy induced anorexia  chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy  chronic pain  chronic pancreatitis  chronic renal failure  cocaine dependence  colitis  conjunctivitis  constipation  crohn's disease  crps (complex regional pain syndrome type ii)  cystic fibrosis  damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease  degenerative arthritis  degenerative arthropathy  delirium tremens  dermatomyositis  diabetes, adult onset  diabetes, insulin dependent  diabetic neuropathy  diabetic peripheral vascular disease  diarrhea  diverticulitis  dysthymic disorder  dystonia  eczema  elevated intraocular pressure  emphysema  emphysema  endometriosis  epidermolysis bullosa  epididymitis  epilepsy  felty's syndrome  fibromyalgia  fibrous dysplasia  friedreich's ataxia  gastritis~~  # genital herpes  ~~ glaucoma  glioblastoma multiforme  graves disease  headaches, cluster  headaches, migraine  headaches, tension  hemophilia a  henoch-schonlein purpura  hepatitis c  hereditary spinal ataxia  hiv/aids  hospice patients  huntington's disease  hydromyelia  hypertension  hypertension  hyperventilation  hypoglycemia  hyrdocephalus  impotence  inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis  inflammatory bowel disease ibd  insomnia  intermittent explosive disorder ied  interstitial cystitis  intractable pain  intractable vomitting  lipomatosis  lou gehrig's disease  lupus  lyme disease  lymphoma  major depression  malignant melanoma  mania  melorheostosis  meniere's disease  motion sickness  mucopolysaccharidosis mps  multiple sclerosis ms  muscle spasms  muscular dystrophy  myasthenia gravis  myeloid leukemia  nail-patella syndrome  neurofibromatosis  nightmares  obesity  obsessive compulsive disorder  opiate dependence  osteoarthritis~~  # panic disorder  ~~ parkinson's disease  peripheral neuropathy  peritoneal pain  persistent insomnia  porphyria  post concussion syndrome  post polio syndrome pps  post-traumatic arthritis  post-traumatic stress disorder ptsd  premenstrual syndrome pms  prostatitis  psoriasis  pulmonary fibrosis  quadriplegia  radiation therapy  raynaud's disease  reflex sympathetic dystrophy  reiter's syndrome  residual limb pain  restless legs syndrome rls  rheumatoid arthritis  rosacea  rsd (complex regional pain syndrome type 1)  schizoaffective disorder~~  # schizophrenia  ~~ scoliosis  sedative dependence  seizures  senile dementia  severe nausea  severe pain  severe vomiting  shingles (herpes zoster)  sinusitis  sjoren's syndrome  skeletal muscular spasticity  sleep apnea  sleep disorders  spasticity  spinal cord injury  spinal stenosis  spinocerebellar ataxia  sturge-weber syndrome sws  stuttering  syringomyelia  tardive dyskinesia td  tarlov cysts  temporomandibular joint disorder tmj  tenosynovitis  terminal illness  thyroiditis  tic douloureux  tietze's syndrome  tinnitus  tobacco dependence  tourette's syndrome~~  # traumatic brain injury  ~~ trichotillomania  viral hepatitis  wasting syndrome  whiplash  wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome  writers' cramp~~
t3_f52lh-t3_f52lh-c1ddzwx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6742	i wish you, your mom, and your family all of the best in the upcoming weeks. remember this moment when she is feeling too sick to get her own lunch. when my mom had a brain tumor removed i was seventeen, and took care of her like she was my own child. then a few years ago it was my turn (also b/c) and my husband and daughters were so very good to me.
t3_3owfun-t3_3owfun-cw11m43	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5903	a lady i know just died of complications from copd. she was a lifelong smoker. she essentially got a cold, and her immune system was so fucked up it couldn't fight away the sickness. she also had a brain tumor that severely fucked up her short-term memory; she could tell you these really awesome stories from years ago but couldn't remember anything on her schedule and sometimes lost her sense of social convention.  a few months before her death, we were in a food court at a mall. she was not doing well, in a wheel chair, could barely get up, but boy could she still reach for her cigarettes. she lit up right in the food court. we kept telling her she wasn't allowed to smoke in there, but she gave no shits. she had almost finished her cigarette before an security guard came up and kindly told her to put it out.
t3_dvy57-t3_dvy57-c13dcux	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5054	wow. :( i'm really sorry. if this is any sort of comfort, i have a friend that has terminal brain cancer (he passed out at a concert in...2005? and it was discovered then) and was given 2 years max to live at that point, but it's been around 5 years now and he's doing fine. i hope that you'll be alright.
t3_29ezm1-t1_cikgrue-cikp2s8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7571	my grandmother was diagnosed with brain cancer 8 years ago. she too was given a year to live (or less) and is amazingly still alive today. try new treatments. become a case study. stay faithful to your health and don't give up. you can do anything.
t3_z6lle-t1_c61xrhy-c61ysh5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8107	&gt;"[f]irst post! be gentle! i have stage iv brain cancer and wasnt sure if i should share with reddit a family photo of me and my two dads shaking hands with le ron paul and le gaben  ftfy
t3_45j7qm-t1_czy9wsj-czy9y2u	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mm yeah, this probably didn't come across in the post but i have. it's been 2 years haha. new job, classes, more friends than i've ever had before, more productive hobbies than just video games... i've been super fine for like 6 months and over her for twice that but the last week has really brought the loneliness back.  like, i was told i had fucking brain cancer and one of my closest friends laughed. that sort of shit makes me miss her
t3_3m7v5q-t1_cvd0muj-cvd17ns	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6823	i'm sorry that you had to go through it as well. i have never met anyone in person who has gone through it and it was never something i had heard about before, but i have found myself hearing about brain cancer and glioblastoma in particular more and more ever since my father was diagnosed. i don't know if it is simply becoming more prevalent or if its just the baader-meinhof phenomenon coming into effect, but it can be nice to talk to someone who has gone through the same thing.
t3_1e5e1p-t1_c9wyexg-c9wyjrc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she just gained so much weight so quickly that her body thought she had a tumor it had something to do with her spinal fluid or the fluid around her brain not draining right. i'm trying to find a site that explains it better. i was some seriously scary shit though.
t3_al3wy-t1_c0i5eu8-c0i5rhg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i never said anything cause i thought i had brain cancer or something. in hindsight, i really *should* have said something, then.  but yeah, glad to see this is fairly common.
t3_s7r82-t3_s7r82-c4btwl2	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8325	my family has kaiser,my mom was diagnosed with a tumor in her brain that needed emergency surgery. she passed out and was taken by the ambulance to a hospital that was not kaiser. she had a cancerous tumor that spread from her lungs to her brain, the surgery cost $250,000 us. her hospital stays and such was about $80,000. we only paid a $50,00 co-pay. kaiser covered the rest. now my mom is going through chemo that cost $5,000 a month and kaiser covers it. i am so glad they legally can't turn her away or else she would have passed away already. she is doing much better now and has been almost back to her old self for about 3 years now.
t3_2dffc0-t3_2dffc0-cjoyn6i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7238	when my mom was near the end with cancer her mind started to go and she started getting very mean and accusatory. she was at home with family by her side 24/7 and she started accusing everyone of neglect and disrespect. none of it was true but it made us feel so shitty. we understood her brain wasn't working but that didn't make it any easier to hear.  ...fuck these allergies.
t3_1y26fn-t3_1y26fn-cfh2a74	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my great aunt never married or had children, but was always very kind and loving to her nieces and nephews. she loved her job and was proud of her career, and saved wisely so she was able to live very comfortably.  she traveled extensively, had lots of friends, and enjoyed an active social life well into her late eighties.    she was always very kind and was like another grandmother to me- she always went out with us whenever we took my grandmother out.  for mothers day, we always got 2 potted plants- one for my grandma, and one for my great aunt.  we would never take one out without the other.  it didn't matter that she never had children of her own- she had family that included her and took care of her.  she was kind and generous to the people around her throughout her life, and so even though my mom was not her daughter (nor biologically related, even...my mom was adopted), and i was not her granddaughter, she was always taken care of and didn't "die alone."    my great aunt was very independent and always chose to live on her own- and she had the finances to support herself in a very nice facility, in her own unit, with round-the-clock nursing care available.  my mom took her into our home for a few months to recover after she had a brain tumor removed...she wouldn't have done that with any other family member, but it wasn't even a question when it was her aunt. i managed her healthcare/paying bills/picking up groceries/etc. at her assisted living facility, about twice a week, when my mom moved to hong kong.  during the last couple of months of her life, i was there almost every day (she had dementia and was blind, so having a familiar voice was very reassuring to her).    her funeral was very very small- perhaps 15 people total.  (at 93 years old, she had outlived all of her friends and siblings.  only the family that called/wrote letters/visited occasionally (they lived far away, so i don't blame them for not visiting more) came to the funeral.  the rest didn't bother.  (but, the ones that never visited or called on christmas were the first ones calling up my mom about their inheritance checks, of course.)    i think it doesn't matter if you have kids or not, as long as you are a good and kind person throughout your life, and manage your finances well, you will be taken care of- whether it's your own kid, your sibling's kid, your sibling's kid's kid, or a friend or neighbor.
t3_4h45fx-t1_d2ne2k6-d2nou60	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom died from dementia and she developed pneumonia too but got over it or so i thought. i don't know but right after that she lost her battle. my mother had all sorts of complications from her dementia. she didn't have alzheimer's though. she started having seizures that totally freaked me out because she was seize and pass out. she would come to and be fine. the doctor said the seizures were happening on the outside of her brain so they weren't harmful. my mom also had cancer and i'm sure she had a mini stroke or two. she was a mess.
t3_4ckoa0-t1_d1j24sa-d1k6y0o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7916	hi!  thanks for trying to help your friend! couple things that might be helpful, depending on what you are referring to as "depression".   so. there's a difference between "feeling depressed", and suffering from clinical depression. this is a crucial distinction to make for a variety of reasons. "depression" as used in the colloquial sounds something like this:  * man, my gramma died over the weekend, i'm so depressed.  * this weather is depressing.  * it's depressing living in a town like this.  clinical depression is a different beast entirely. though not exclusive to the above, its roots and expression vary significantly from the examples people typically provide. this leads to various problems and can exacerbate the condition for a suffering person. one of the reasons mental illness is stigmatized is due to differences in terminology.   as an example, let's say i called in to work and told them that i couldn't come that day because i had brain cancer and was in too much pain at that moment to be productive. now imagine that people in your workplace treated "cancer" the same way that many regard "depression":  * did you hear that sue didn't come in today because of her cancer? i mean when my dog died i had cancer for weeks but i still made it to work on time.  * lol, jim's got "cancer" again. i mean i have cancer, you have cancer. everyone has cancer from time to time but we all found it in ourselves to pull it together.   sounds bizarre, but this *is* the way many people refer to depression. it's possible for those who don't suffer from the clinical condition to sympathize with the clinically depressed, but impossible to empathize with them. in much the same way as i have had a bad headache but i've never had brain cancer. i can *imagine* what it *might* be like, but i really can't know.  clinical depression isn't necessarily feeling "sad" or "bad" or "suicidal". it is a mind-killing, soul-ripping despair that utterly destroys all hope, love, faith, purpose and contentment. it is self-perpetuating and feeds on itself. it cannot be cured with positive thinking or exercise or scented bath-salts... or with inspiring comic books. what's so terrible is that those things *do* help people experiencing the difficulties in life that we all face. for the clinically ill, this adds another dimension to the nightmare as they fail again and again to free themselves from what appear to be the typical slumps that accompany being a human being. telling the clinically depressed to "just keep going", or "imagine what might be" is the equivalent of telling someone with a broken leg to "walk it off" or telling a diabetic to "just produce more insulin".   clinical depression is an *illness*. the wounds it inflicts are grievous, but invisible to the eye. most importantly, it afflicts the part of ourselves responsible for how we perceive reality. you mentioned that your friend doesn't believe that a professional could help him. of course not! how could *anything* defeat what appears to be an insurmountable adversary? how can we instil hope in the hopeless? that's part of what makes depression so fucking tricky; we cannot think our way out of a prison made of thought.   i wish i had better advice on how best to help your friend. the simple truth is that if he is indeed clinically depressed, then he needs clinical treatment suited to address the cause of the depression. anti-depressants can be almost unbelievably effective, yet many refuse them without ever having taken them in the first place. "the side-effects aren't worth it", "they'll change who i am", "i'll be like a zombie" - these reason seem insane to a healthy person observing someone who is in such pain. it's like refusing to bandage a profusely bleeding wound because you might be allergic the wrapper the bandage came in. yet this thinking can seem perfectly reasonable to someone in the grips of the disease.  it's a good sign that he's still talking. past a certain point he may no longer see any purpose in conversation and seek to complete his isolation. he may find that company or interaction of any sort only makes the feelings more unbearable. this is an extremely dangerous place to occupy. in that space the despair becomes complete and eclipses the last of whatever tethers us to the world. when those last tendrils are severed, there is no longer any reason to exist.   but it doesn't have to end that way. there *are* treatments. there *is* hope. life *can* be better, unimaginably better. better than he ever knew that it could be. at some point there's nothing left to lose.   i hope there's something in what i've written that can aid you and your friend. i sincerely, **sincerely** hope that someone reading this can identify enough to seek help. if someone sees this who has felt this way, please listen to me: even if there's nothing that will help you, that nothing will change, that it's just the way things are... that isn't the truth. your mind is lying to you. things can be so, so much different then they are right now.  good luck everyone!
t3_20bvin-t3_20bvin-cg1pbb1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i never met my grandfather on my father's side. he was named after his father, and my father was named after my grandfather, and i was named after my father. so i'm the 4th. (legally it's it iv, like roman numerals) my grandfather was so excited to meet me, his first grandson from his son named after him. he died from stomach cancer a month before i was born, so i never even met him in my infancy. my grandmother on my father's side i never met until i was twelve years old, briefly. then she passed away due to cancer a year later. my other grandfather on my mother's side i had "met" when i was two years old, then again when i was around thirteen. he passed away from brain cancer two years after that. my only remaining grandparent is my grandmother on my mother's side but i have never met her due to the act that she left my mother and my grandfather when my mother was an infant.
t3_49wd7y-t3_49wd7y-d0weiol	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i fainted in middle school. i was at the overhead doing a problem for the class. it was really easy, but i couldn't figure out the answer. very confused as to why i couldn't do it, the teacher asked if i was having trouble. i remember saying something affirmative, then him standing over me asking if i was ok. it took me a good 5 min to realize i was no longer standing, the side of my head really hurt, and that i had completely lost conciousness.  my back was in severe pain, and i just remember a girl telling me i was falling gracefully until the side of my head met the corner of the table.  i had to go to the nurse for a good while, because standard procedure is to make sure they cannot be blamed for anything.  i was pretty much still in shock and didn't think too much about the social impact it would have. not that i was all that popular anyway, my mind was occupied with concerns over my health, if it meant i had some brain cancer or tumor, and was going to die.  i took no time off from school; i tended to just not care after i realized it was just my brain defragging from the day and not to worry.  while i was made fun of occasionally, (kids brought it up every now and then when they wanted to call me out), more who knew about it were concerned and wondered about it because fainting in class is noteworthy, rather than wanting to label me as a loser because of it.  my advice is to not worry. don't marry yourself to this; this doesn't define who you are as a person. if you're forever "faint boy", then just shrug it off and be the coolest faint boy that banged that hot chick because she stopped caring about a little thing that happened to you.  don't let people use it as an insult, and they won't use it.
t3_1p7k7y-t1_cczmayc-cczur3s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7587	terrible:( my uncle had a brain tumor that was pretty much impossible to get rid of. surgery, chemo and the like only delayed things.
t3_flhiu-t1_c1gt787-c1gtg87	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the photo idea is wonderful.  i had a friend that passed of brain cancer and i was going to bring photos from high school down to visit him.  sadly i was just leaving the house when i got the call that he had passed.  i still wish i had gotten there in time.  i ended up sending the photos to his sister.
t3_2qt77o-t3_2qt77o-cn9xep8	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	it's hard to explain that terminal doesn't mean that you're going to die right now, or even in the very near future, but there it is. i have stage iii brain cancer, which is inoperable, and although responded well to chemo, can only respond well for so long before it robs me of my life. it's not killing me right now, but it will kill me eventually.  my finals days are still a ways away, so i'm living out my years of relative 'good health', meaning able to function normally and appear healthy, running marathons, spending time with my wife, managing a pastry shop and trying to pack as much into the next 3 years as possible. four 1/2 marathons between now and june should keep me relatively occupied.  sidenote: i hope by the time that i am in the end stages of my terminal brain cancer that physician assisted suicide is a more accessible thing. i have the kind of cancer that makes you not you before it kills you, and that's fucking terrifying.
t3_3e4rit-t1_ctc2806-ctc3i21	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6797	growing up our lab had a brain tumor. she was the sweetest, most affectionate dog. but before we knew she had a brain tumor she started becoming aggressive, at first she was with toys and food. eventually we found out she had cancer and it spread to her brain. it explained a lot.
t3_17hcna-t3_17hcna-c87zftf	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with brain cancer last april and have had a hell of a lot of practice learning how to look on the bright side. first thing to know is "fake it 'til you make it" has a lot of truth behind it and is based on behavoiral therapy. imagine yourself as a naturally optimistic person and act like an optimistic person and you will be surprised how quickly things can change. secondly, understand that there will always be things you can't control or change, just realize, as stupid as it seems, things could be worse.  ex:. they found a tumor behind my right eye that had to be removed. i didn't really have a choice in the matter, but at least it was in an operable position. the surgery sucked, but i didn't need any physical rehab... the list goes on and on.
t3_3enh4h-t3_3enh4h-ctgotvz	brain_cancer	relevant	0.506	watched my mother die. she had a brain tumor and i watched her deteriorate from a gregarious, energetic, life-loving person to someone who couldn't move or speak. was there with her, holding her hand, when she passed away.
t3_2goh18-t1_cklgjbz-cklll5c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6772	i have a 2year who had brain cancer 9 months ago and was left with a serious case of add after the surgery. i am telling you, it gets to a point where you snap. i admit that i have spanked her, but i almost imediayely hold her and craddle her. i feel like such a horrible person for spanking her. but to hit a baby to the point of bruising them and then putting them outside in the cold and left him to die... thats just fucking crazy. when i see these type of incidents is when i start thinking: where is god? if he really exists, why would he let a small innocent baby be put through something so horrible? im not trying to start a religious discussion but when things like this happen, thats when i start doubting if there really is a "god" out there. i really hope she gets what she deserves in prison.
t3_16vki7-t1_c7zra7r-c7zswb6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7519	when my wife was 16 she started to develop excruciating headaches. her mom would take her to the hospital where they diagnosed it as migraines, prescribed her some pain meds and then sent her home. these head aches continued to get worse, to the point where she says she wanted to throw herself down a flight of stairs. she lost her appetite completely and even became anorexic. all she ever did was lay in bed in the fetal position. this continued for a whole year and her mom would take her to the hospital a few times a month. finally, after months of her mom begging doctors to do more, they decided to do a brain scan and they discovered a large tumor (not cancer). they checked her in immediately and performed emergency surgery. her surgeon later told her that she probably wouldn't have survived another week if nothing was done.
t3_27pp77-t3_27pp77-ci36sn3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7932	my mother has a benign brain tumor and epilepsy, and one time when it was just me and her because her boyfriend was at work, she had a seizure and her hand got stuck closed clenched to her arm. she told me to pry her hand open and her arm away so i did. the worst part was hearing her yell. i was 11.
t3_1f1s73-t1_ca68r7p-ca6w9a4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	same here, had a blood test not too long ago and everything was good. but nope, i still feel like i have brain cancer or something because this "derealization" hasn't gone away in like 3 or 4 weeks. it sucks.
t3_25m3ac-t1_chiigi5-chis3ui	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6765	you and me both.  my aunt died of cancer within a week of her diagnosis. she had no idea she had it, but by the time they caught it it was in her brain and bones. my grandmother's mother died of leukemia when she was 3. my grandmother went into hospice (at 95, beating the odds) in july of 2013. we found a mass on her liver. no treatment--she died within a few days. we weren't going to put her through that. my father had stage 1 colon cancer which he successfully beat going on almost 15 years now. in 2010 my mother was diagnosed with stage 1 lung cancer--she has been cancer free going on almost four years now. my cousin was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer (not a concern for me obviously, but it *is* cancer).   it's slowly creeping up on me. it's just a matter of when.
t3_1d5f85-t3_1d5f85-c9n7eta	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a coworker that claimed to have brain cancer headaches several times a week. she was quite serious. she claimed it was *inopperble* but *bee nine*. so several times a week i sat at the reception desk, so this woman without brain cancer could sleep in and pretend to be pulling one over on the folks at work.   she was not fired, but i quit.
t3_490q6y-t3_490q6y-d0oloyr	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	so i was diagnosed with brain cancer back in 2011 after chemo and radiation i was clear. that is until i start getting this pain in my back that i thought was just a knot in my muscle. turns out it was another tumor. so after surgery to remove it my doctors recommend a bunch of test to see if maybe i have another tumor somewhere else and apparently the type of cancer i have can also be found in the testicles. so after having a male dr feel roll them about in his hand for a little bit, he recommends getting an ultrasound. this involved another guy putting warm jelly on my giblets and pushing them around with the wand for a good 30-40 minutes. easily the most awkward experience of my life and this comes after having a dr put his fingers in my ass to check for rectal cancer (whole different story)
t3_v922z-t1_c52mn7o-c52u35l	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom fought a 13 month battle with glioblastoma multi-forme. last month her doctors prescribed liquid morphine 3x a day to subdue her pain. she passed away this morning (june 19) at 7:30 am. she will be missed by many, but most by me.
t3_2d3xud-t1_cjlwaxe-cjlz8th	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5875	my mom had a brain tumor several years ago, and one thing she "lost" was her sense of humor (it's mostly back now). except fart sounds made her laugh. she thought those were hilarious.   as she was recovering-about a year later or so, we were eating at the dinner table when i told a joke. she turned to me and said "oh my god, vio_. you told a joke. and it was funny."
t3_2wrug3-t1_coud3n8-coy6ohp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5065	a few things, mainly i just don't think it fits my personality. while i do like high acuity, i like it in the icu where i will be figuring out what is going on with the patient and caring for them day after day. i don't like that in the er if the patient is high acuity you just stabilize them and admit them to the micu, if they are non-critical but sick and interesting you just do a basic workup and admit them to internal medicine, and if they are non-emergent/not admit worthy but interesting you refer them to the internal medicine clinic. i feel like either way i will end up seeing these patients but i much prefer to see them as a medicine doc where i can work them up and follow them up.  and then all of the rest of the people that will never get sent to medicine? i just don't care. i don't like bones - there are a lot of bones. i think appendicitis and cholecystitis is okay but honestly you just call gen surg so after dx you do nothing. and finally, i don't like lacs or burns or women or children or psych. so...yeah, i'm def internal medicine.  i also think it depends what er you work in because i think my er sees a lot of booshii because so many of our patients are uninsured and don't have pcps so when they have anything they come to the er. examples below (from a post i made on another thread):  "help! my 2nd toenail turned dark 6 months after a pedicure." no.  "i was on my way home from work so i wanted my glucose checked." it's 118. and you're not diabetic. no.  "i have gerd and i feel like i am having worse gerd right now." no!!!  even "i have known brain cancer and known seizures and i just had a seizure but i am dnr and don't want any surg chemo or rads and have a meeting with palliative next week." why.  gwink, care to reply why you do like em? that would probably be helpful to this poster.
t3_25otqd-t1_chjh4n2-chjke0q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wouldn't  i'd rather them fix the most important issue first. getting money out of politics is the most important issue. net neutrality might be front and center now, but the internet is not our entire society. it's just one part of it. money affecting politics messes with our whole society. including the internet.  that's like saying "sure i have brain cancer, but i want to focus on getting rid of this headache first". the cancer is more important. get rid of the cancer and the headaches will eventually go away.  we need to get this fixed asap. otherwise fixing the other stuff won't matter because something new will come up, and old things that have been defeated (like sopa) will keep coming back after the right pockets have been greased.
t3_25rdby-t1_chk4bs7-chk7fwz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah so i'm 28 and this shit just blew my mind. i once spent about 10 hours at the best hospital in miami trying to figure out why i was suddenly going blind in my right eye. i was 13 years old. i had no pain at all, just a fuzzy whitish shape that gradually took over my vision. i was absolutely horrified.  they had no idea what was wrong. the idea of a migraine was dismissed as i had zero pain. even worse (for me/my family) was that my dad had died from brain cancer about two weeks prior so i just knew i had the brain cancer and was dying too. fucking awful. then... it just slowly went away and i could see again.
t3_1k79xp-t3_1k79xp-cbm3x5k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8598	that's great for charlotte. seizures are terrifying things. my step-mom's niece would have seizures and eventually died from them. my cousin's 3-year-old daughter died from a brain tumor that was causing seizures as well.
t3_4hc4g7-t1_d2p022e-d2p8xih	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had one! :)  http://i.imgur.com/elosbb1.jpg http://i.imgur.com/fbq7y53.jpg   edit: i'm legit dealing with a big brain tumor and couldn't recall her name. my friend helped and pepper was her excellent name! :d
t3_1njskx-t3_1njskx-ccj9bvb	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6036	you're a young male. you *think* you're healthy.  young men just like you are diagnosed with serious illnesses every day that don't show up until they begin to progress. cancer is a good example.  are you prepared to spend one or two million dollars on health care to keep yourself alive if you're diagnosed with brain cancer or bone cancer?  i was like you. i was a young male who *thought* i was healthy. i worked out and ate sensibly.  life was going great for me. but then it wasn't. for unknown reasons, i started to feel tired. then i felt sick to my stomach all the time. i was constantly dizzy. i started having vision problems.  i was diagnosed with brain cancer at 24. i had health insurance, so i paid very little of the nearly $1 million it cost for treatment. i've been in remission now for several years.  i'm a walking example of why people in their twenties need health insurance. you don't get it for little things, the ingrown hair or a case of hives. you get it because of the illnesses that can bankrupt you.  &gt;aca requires me to buy insurance at an insane rate.   premiums for people in their twenties are ridiculously cheap.
t3_1qzjmo-t1_cdi8r6m-cdiawlj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7361	correct. by law most preventative care has to be covered, there has to be an out-of-pocket max (~$12k for families), and they have to accept everyone, even those with pre-existing conditions.   so, for healthy john q public, the only immediate benefit is that most preventative care is covered (at 100% i think?). and for sick sally it's good because she will no longer go bankrupt to pay for her meds and if she finds a different plan she likes more, she can switch because insurance companies can no longer discriminate against her because of her medical condition.  **the bottom line is this:**   we have a crisis in the country of people - working class and middle class - losing everything they own because they can't pay their medical bills. most people in those economic situations are one injury away (or were one injury away) from bankruptcy.   the aca largely fixes that because it used to be if i was diagnosed with say brain cancer (hey it happens) then i would not only have to pay my deductible but once the insurance company paid their "max amount" (there is word for this, can't think of it) for the year i'd be on the hook for 100% of the costs. then, once i'm already broke or near broke for covering whatever insurance didn't, the insurance company would drop me next year and i'd be unable to get another company to cover me because i had a pre-existing condition (brain cancer).  edit: so say i had was in a terrible accident and had $100k of medical bills in a year. under the aca, the most i'd pay would be my premium and $12k if i'm on a family plan.
t3_p8eua-t1_c3nbx8y-c3nc04z	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thinking of calling into spec savers tomorrow they should have one... just got a feeling they will half listen to me and give me some brown tinted 1980s specs. would like to know more about the subject but when i asked google it said i had brain cancer ;_;
t3_wdyj4-t1_c5chltu-c5clig9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6635	you see when the study is released they will say that it was biases on conducted wrong. the proper way to do the study is to get anecdotal evidence and make a unreasonable conclusion. wind turbines make noise, so i have brain cancer. the sound waves vibrate causing cancer to form. this is why the government is cutting science funding, science is easy. all it involves is talking to people. statistics, pfft.
t3_1fw35o-t1_caeg11w-caeg78c	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5091	she was a young girl, she had an inoperable brain tumor...there was pretty much nothing they could do for her at all.  i don't think that medicine necessarily failed her this time, i think it was that her condition was just that severe.  apparently the reason it became apparent she had a tumor is that she rapidly started to shut down and was in a coma.
t3_3h2uzz-t1_cu3wcru-cu3zevj	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6356	my mom ignored a lump in her throat for a whole year. she had no health insurance, she was poor, she worked 9-5 as a product runner in a t-shirt factory that was almost a sweatshop, and she was an alcoholic. she just avoided it.  by the time she worked up the nerve to have it checked out, the tumor had become so severe that they had to remove part of her tongue, part of her jugular, her whole voice box, her tonsils, and some of her glands. it was so excessive a removal that they had to seal up the link between her ear/nose/throat. during her 3 weeks in the hospital for this, she went through an alcohol withdrawal that almost killed her.   she breathed with a stoma (large hole in her throat) for the last 10 years of her life, could no longer talk or smell, had trouble eating most times, had 4 surgeries, and 3 recurrences. it eventually metastasized and, despite vigilance and constant care, she was diagnosed with a brain tumor in october of 2013 and died 6 months later.  if she hadn't ignored the lump in her throat, would she still be here? would her final 10 years of life have been more comfortable? who even knows. but i'm just saying, it sure as fuck couldn't have hurt.
t3_2zrcfh-t1_cplti15-cplw0ei	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7475	very true - my father-in-law died of glioblastoma recently. man was extremely fit and healthy right up until his diagnosis. i can ask myself if maybe he was exposed to something at some time, or did something, or ate something, what have you. but it was almost certainly just very bad luck.
t3_1p8j44-t3_1p8j44-cczxe5m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8045	when i was around 9 years old, i found my old instructions for a wild-west-lego city. my whole family said i threw them away a few years ago. that was a nice day. oh, and my brain tumor being cured.
t3_saepa-t3_saepa-c4cj1sm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not to shit on the thread guys, but i was getting robbed by my ex girlfriend of three years and her gang of black sex partners (which she knew while we were dating).  i didnt know if i should call the cops or not because no one had responded to my self post yet. as i was crying in the corner my doctor called me and told me i had brain cancer (karma please).  then out of no where ron paul kicked in the door and single handily took killed the robbers.  he then rubbed my head, simultaneously curing my cancer, and said "be brave young one".
t3_3e4zm7-t1_ctc24c7-ctc262o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	bad case of ~~ acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness  alcohol abuse  alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)  ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa  anxiety disorders  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis  arnold-chiari malformation  arteriosclerotic heart disease  arthritis  arthritis (rheumatoid)  arthropathy, gout  asthma  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (add/adhd)  autism/aspergers  autoimmune disease  back pain  back sprain  bell's palsy  bipolar disorder  brain tumor, malignant  bruxism  bulimia  cachexia  cancer  carpal tunnel syndrome  causalgia  cerebral palsy  cervical disk disease  cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy  chemotherapy induced anorexia  chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy  chronic pain  chronic pancreatitis  chronic renal failure  cocaine dependence  colitis  conjunctivitis  constipation  crohn's disease  crps (complex regional pain syndrome type ii)  cystic fibrosis  damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease  degenerative arthritis  degenerative arthropathy  delirium tremens  dermatomyositis  diabetes, adult onset  diabetes, insulin dependent  diabetic neuropathy  diabetic peripheral vascular disease  diarrhea  diverticulitis  dysthymic disorder  dystonia  eczema  elevated intraocular pressure  emphysema  emphysema  endometriosis  epidermolysis bullosa  epididymitis  epilepsy  felty's syndrome  fibromyalgia  fibrous dysplasia  friedreich's ataxia  gastritis  genital herpes  glaucoma  glioblastoma multiforme  graves disease  headaches, cluster  headaches, migraine  headaches, tension  hemophilia a  henoch-schonlein purpura  hepatitis c  hereditary spinal ataxia  hiv/aids  hospice patients  huntington's disease  hydromyelia  hypertension  hypertension  hyperventilation  hypoglycemia  hyrdocephalus  impotence  inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis  inflammatory bowel disease (ibd)  insomnia  intermittent explosive disorder (ied)  interstitial cystitis  intractable pain  intractable vomitting  lipomatosis  lou gehrig's disease  lupus  lyme disease  lymphoma  major depression  malignant melanoma  mania  melorheostosis  meniere's disease  motion sickness  mucopolysaccharidosis (mps)  multiple sclerosis (ms)  muscle spasms  muscular dystrophy  myasthenia gravis  myeloid leukemia  nail-patella syndrome  neurofibromatosis  nightmares  obesity  obsessive compulsive disorder  opiate dependence  osteoarthritis  panic disorder  parkinson's disease  peripheral neuropathy  peritoneal pain  persistent insomnia  porphyria  post concussion syndrome  post polio syndrome (pps)  post-traumatic arthritis  post-traumatic stress disorder (ptsd)  premenstrual syndrome (pms)  prostatitis  psoriasis  pulmonary fibrosis  quadriplegia  radiation therapy  raynaud's disease  reflex sympathetic dystrophy  reiter's syndrome  residual limb pain  restless legs syndrome (rls)  rheumatoid arthritis  rosacea  rsd (complex regional pain syndrome type 1)  schizoaffective disorder  schizophrenia  scoliosis  sedative dependence  seizures  senile dementia  severe nausea  severe pain  severe vomiting  shingles (herpes zoster)  sinusitis  sjoren's syndrome  skeletal muscular spasticity  sleep apnea  sleep disorders  spasticity  spinal cord injury  spinal stenosis  spinocerebellar ataxia  sturge-weber syndrome (sws)  stuttering  syringomyelia  tardive dyskinesia (td)  tarlov cysts  temporomandibular joint disorder (tmj)  tenosynovitis  terminal illness  thyroiditis  tic douloureux  tietze's syndrome  tinnitus  tobacco dependence  tourette's syndrome  traumatic brain injury  trichotillomania  viral hepatitis  wasting syndrome  whiplash  wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome~~ ** writers' cramp**    ???
t3_95xhh-t3_95xhh-c0bjqhb	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6094	i had a friend that died from brain cancer. the doctors told her that she could not have sex because a resulting pregnancy would cause the cancer to spread really quickly.
t3_2tiqmd-t1_cnzqixm-cnzs3b3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; should i suddenly have to explain to a social worker why i didn't bring her in with just the fever, and hope that person isn't tired and run down from other cases and doesn't make a knee jerk reaction to the situation?  you're right, there's no way every case can be checked, nor should they be. no parent should be assumed to have done something wrong unless proven otherwise.  lemme clarify what i mean. i said "if a parent doesn't seek medical treatment for a sick child and the child suffers for that" and "if the child suffered badly out of neglect". that doesn't mean every kid who's got appendicitis, or a parent didn't come in the first hour of symptoms needs to be checked.  it's the neglect part i'm concerned about, not the illness itself. hospitals get really sick kids every day. parents, like yourself, deal with countless moments of sickness with their kids without having to run to the er every single time (i used to get very frequent headaches as a kid, but nobody needed to check if i had brain cancer on that alone i guess).  lemme put it this way, if a kid had appendicitis symptoms, really terrible pain and the parent waited overnight not sure what the issue was, and then took to the doctor when noticing the kid's become even worse, that could be reasonable. no need for the doc to call social services on that.  but if the kid was in excruciating pain for like 3 days and the parents didn't seek out help, and then the appendix burst and the child suffers badly out of that... i know social services are stretched but i hope that family gets checked out at least.   or if the parent said "to heck with medicine, i'll treat it rubbing herbs on the abdomen" and the kid suffered for 3 days in pain and then the appendix burst.  i mean the suspicion should be arisen if a kid suffers and the doctor is not convinced by the parent's story. there has to be something odd in the scenario, something you wouldn't expect an average parent with no medical background would do. the doctor decides whether to call social worker.   but even then, it's just a check. the parents could explain themselves and the matter dropped.  &gt; however, if i have legitimate concerns, i'd rather have them addressed before a criminal/civil charge is needed.  of course, the doctor should be obligated in his professional duties to address your issues. i just mean in the emergency setting where time is not available then that may not be possible.  but a parent not happy with a doctor's lack of explanation in a regular pediatrician setting is well within his/her right to take their kid to a new doctor completely.  i surely wouldn't go to a doctor who doesn't answer my concerns and tells me to just obey without explanation.  &gt; thank you for your view points! i rather enjoy some friendly discussion!  yeah i enjoy the convo too, it's good seeing if my view holds when questioned.
t3_xd6vf-t1_c5lin0j-c5lm4pi	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6715	which time? i wasn't coherent when diagnosed with brain cancer at 2, skin cancer was no big deal, esophageal cancer was the worst because i was a bratty 16 year old who had to give up the 2 things i loved and be on a liquid diet for a year, brain cancer second time i had already been in the hospital for months with what they thought was simple migraines, just on a morphine drip every four hours for a month so when they finally mri'd me i was relieved to know that it was something that had a treatment and could be fixed, this go around with skin cancer i was tired and frustrated because i had just been cleared of brain cancer a month before so i was frustrated
t3_2cbxqi-t1_cjee0fq-cjekrkq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5169	she was born with a benign tumor or cyst(not sure which) on her brain stem. it blocks the spinal fluid from being able to drain basically. it was also too dangerous to try and remove. she was a preemie so there were some other complications. thee doctors said she wouldn't have much of a life if she made it, but she did and is a very successful beautician. she is completely normal basically.
t3_2wf7xi-t1_coq9gg2-coqht20	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think i have brain cancer.  no doctor has given me this diagnosis, but i read about it on webm so it must be true.  how else could you explain that headache i had yesterday?  now, i figure people with cancer go bald.  you know what else is bald?  bald eagles.  that was when i discovered that i am actually *america*-kin.
t3_3l6iud-t3_3l6iud-cv3pldf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my best friend. she died of a brain tumor a few years ago. i told her before she passed that she was free to haunt me if she were able to, but i've (sadly and expectedly) seen no signs.
t3_2r510w-t3_2r510w-cnd93ub	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7538	when was the last time you had an mri? i had one in 2009 and it was clean. 5 years of chronic headaches and steroids were the only thing that helped. 2013, inoperable brain tumor noted. my life sucks and i don't want your life to suck. push for an mri.
t3_4jnn0u-t3_4jnn0u-d38du7t	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7944	i didn't know who derek was for along time, i've never seen or heard his name till a few days ago so i googled him read a few pages of his website and now i have terminal brain cancer and i dont think ill make it to the s42 release...
t3_2re889-t1_cnf3kiv-cnf76vg	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt; i have a friend that had brain cancer. they got rid of it, but she's told me she would rather live out the rest of her life than to go through chemo again, it made her so sick and turned her from a fun loving person, to depressed.   people have that opinion because they didn't get to experience what life without treatment would have been.  dying from cancer is generally much worse than chemo.
t3_taiqo-t3_taiqo-c4l3rn7	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7473	i have beaten brain cancer and bone cancer in the same year, and still passed school with high honors. one of my proudest moments. thank you to my friends and family for all the support
t3_4hw0oc-t1_d2u1oyt-d2ubwdg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7599	trying to think what to say back  1. dont hurt me i have stage 4 brain cancer and my intelligence is going down.  2. dont hurt me i have stage 4 brain cancer and my intelligence is going down.  3. dont hurt me i have stage 4 brain cancer and my intelligence is going down
t3_1611oo-t3_1611oo-c7rpuh5	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7914	my mother had been getting migraines for a while which were eventually linked to her cancer but her first major symptom was when she had an epileptic seizure. several tests later she was diagnosed with glioblastoma multiforme, an inoperable cancerous brain tumour. she survived another 18 months or so after her diagnosis but we knew it was going to be terminal after around 6 months.   although gbm isn't thought to have any genetic predisposition, my grandma still gets incredibly worried any time i have a migraine.
t3_wxmah-t3_wxmah-c5hhiju	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is completely true. not lying   my friend "mark" had been dating this girl "abby". they had been dating for a while and really liked each other. then one day abby broke up with mark. her reason? "i have brain cancer and i can't take dating anybody right now" a few weeks later, they were back together. she said her brain cancer just "went away"
t3_4awmoe-t1_d146x6k-d17eaox	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7583	an old girlfriend of mine had a benign tumor in her brain that sometimes would cause her to have seizures if she hit her head on something even lightly. the doctors told her that when she was seizing, to make sure that someone hold her hands away from her head. he said that if she was having an episode and grabbed her own head, she could snap her own neck and kill herself during a seizure.
t3_2jex7k-t1_clb5zqp-clbg4tr	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	trying to write this without getting all schmaltzy, so i apologize if i get a bit overwrought. this story just hits home like a sledgehammer.  i'm 27 years old. i have stage 3 brain cancer. currently in "remission" after 2 surgeries, but it'll come back eventually since it's malignant. i go in every four months to get checked out and make sure it's still dormant.   i also have a law degree, a loving girlfriend who puts up with me, and a job i love. i'm about to run a half marathon this weekend. cancer isn't your life, and it doesn't have to define you. it won't make things easier, but it doesn't have to take over your whole life, either.  i wish i had better advice for you besides "don't let it break you down". but that's all i've got. some days the scope of it overwhelms me and i have to go somewhere quiet and just cry. but in the long run, it doesn't change anything. i know that someday, i'll die. probably before my girlfriend, and any kids i end up having. i could have additional surgery and lose my job. i could end up needing a major surgery and ending up with brain damage. but what the fuck can i do about any of that, all those maybes? nothing, that's what. so fuck em. plus, i could always get hit by a bus tomorrow, right? fuck cancer. live your life and be the badass that you are. you're beating cancer - what else could ever be as bad?  good luck with the treatment, and feel free to pm me if you ever want to chat.
t3_1looft-t1_cc1avet-cc1fakz	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	how fascinating, thanks for the response! when i had brain cancer the surgeon asked if they should just try to resect the tumor or if i would prefer a lobectomy. i went with the resection, but always wondered what life would be like having 1/4 of my brain removed, especially at the age of 21, when your brain has already learned so many skills without having to compromise or redirect certain tasks and functions.
t3_pbsto-t3_pbsto-c3o4ycg	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my thoughts go out to you my friend! i found out i had brain cancer last october, but after chemo and radiation it looks like i'll make it to the other side. i'm sending all my good vibrations your way. and as for chemo, a little thc can, literally, work miracles. stay strong, stay positive.
t3_3f7vwm-t3_3f7vwm-ctm4aku	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	laying in a hospital bed, wondering if i had brain cancer and was going to die.  for the record, the answer was no, it was an infection that was cleared up in a few months via heavy antibiotics. but for the first 24 hours after the doctor said "we found something in your head, we would like to admit you," i just felt totally helpless and afraid.
t3_2bvr6j-t1_cj9miwh-cj9nmu7	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8321	about this time last year we found out she had a brain tumor.  we did radiation and she was doing well until a couple months ago.  she was having trouble with back her legs but it wasn't physical so the doctor thought it could be inflamtion where the tumor is/was or the tumor is coming back.  so we had her on prednisone and she was doing well for a while, then a couple weeks before she passed she couldn't walk and was also caught pneumonia.  she deserved a lot longer.  she was 8.5 :-)
t3_2lmmbd-t1_clw815u-clw85qm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.657	she had a brain tumor removed 2 years ago. and then it came back early this year. she had it removed again. and we shaved her head when the radiation started making her hair fall out.
t3_4fwnvz-t3_4fwnvz-d2dlxa7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7527	my grandmother had a cancerous brain tumor removed and will never be the same for two years until she dies.  i was 12.  my life was like a fairy tale before that happened.
t3_3bxv72-t1_csreybp-css77pi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6573	"enjoy the time i have left"? i know having brain cancer at stage 3 is almost incurable, but there have been studies where people lived for 20+ years. please, do not tell me to enjoy the time i have left like i would die w/in next 2-3 years.
t3_4h9q7e-t3_4h9q7e-d2padqd	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i didn't develop a sexual interest in other guys until i was 16, and that happened pretty much overnight. that was *very* disconcerting to me, not because i'd been raised to believe there was anything wrong with it, but because it was such an abrupt and incongruous thing for me. being bisexual, it was a lot like waking up to find someone had built an addition onto your house overnight, with no warning. not bad in and of itself, but very disturbing and confusing at first.  a lot of people have tried to convince me that i was "suppressing" before that, based on the dogma that sexual orientation is "set" for a person at birth, a "fact" i'm not really convinced of. even after wracking my brain at length, i've never been able to find any memory of any thought or feeling even hinting at that previously.  at first i though there was something seriously wrong with me, like i had brain cancer or something. if someone had suggested to me that i'd been abducted and had something implanted in my brain, or that i'd become suddenly possessed, i'd have been very prepared to consider it seriously at the time.  as it was, i told my folks that i wanted to be taken to a doctor, and why. their reaction would have been considered anticlimactic in the extreme, if i'd been seeking any sort of drama in the situation. as it was they mainly took an "it is what it is" approach to it, and expected me to do the same. my mother was somewhat inclined to make a bigger deal out of it than it was, but my dad thankfully put a damper on that. my dad largely considered my personal business to be *my* personal business by that point in my life, but my mother's always taken a somewhat different view of this. it's something we tolerate from her within limits, but my dad will reel her in a bit if she seems to be intent on being meddlesome.  as for "aftermath," there really wasn't much to speak of. there's just never been much discussion on the subject. the only thing they were insistent about was that i keep it to myself until i'd left for college, which turned out to have been very good advice for the most part. my mom has also asked that i *not* try explaining it to my maternal grandparents, who she feels wouldn't understand and don't need the stress of trying to. she knows them better than i do, obviously, so i consider her judgement better than mine on this.  my brother outright refused to believe it, and seriously thought that i was playing some sort of joke on our folks, until i literally put a boyfriend directly in front of him. he still doesn't really comprehend it, but he accepts it as one of those things he just has to accept whether he understands it or not. (he is not the sharpest tool in the shed, it's not the only thing he just has to be content with accepting without really being able to grasp.)  *grammar
t3_3e4zm7-t1_ctc473g-ctc4hfk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it helps with my  ~~ acquired hypothyroidism  acute gastritis  agoraphobia  aids related illness  alcohol abuse  alcoholism  alopecia areata  alzheimer's disease  amphetamine dependency  amyloidosis  amyotrophic lateral sclerosis als  ankylosis  anorexia  anorexia nervosa  anxiety disorders  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  any chronic medical symptom that limits major life activities  arachnoiditis  arnold-chiari malformation  arteriosclerotic heart disease  arthritis  arthritis rheumatoid  arthropathy, gout  asthma  attention deficit hyperactivity disorder add/adhd  autism/aspergers  autoimmune disease  back pain  back sprain  bell's palsy  bipolar disorder  brain tumor, malignant  bruxism  bulimia  cachexia  cancer  carpal tunnel syndrome  causalgia  cerebral palsy  cervical disk disease  cervicobrachial syndrome  chemotherapy  chemotherapy induced anorexia  chronic fatigue syndrome  chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy  chronic pain  chronic pancreatitis  chronic renal failure  cocaine dependence  colitis  conjunctivitis~~  # constipation  ~~ crohn's disease  crps ^(complex regional pain syndrome type ii)  cystic fibrosis  damage to spinal cord nervous tissue  darier's disease  degenerative arthritis  degenerative arthropathy  delirium tremens  dermatomyositis  diabetes, adult onset  diabetes, insulin dependent  diabetic neuropathy  diabetic peripheral vascular disease~~  # diarrhea  ~~ diverticulitis  dysthymic disorder  dystonia  eczema  elevated intraocular pressure  emphysema  emphysema  endometriosis  epidermolysis bullosa  epididymitis  epilepsy  felty's syndrome  fibromyalgia  fibrous dysplasia  friedreich's ataxia  gastritis  genital herpes  glaucoma  glioblastoma multiforme  graves disease  headaches, cluster  headaches, migraine  headaches, tension  hemophilia a  henoch-schonlein purpura  hepatitis c  hereditary spinal ataxia  hiv/aids  hospice patients  huntington's disease  hydromyelia  hypertension  hypertension  hyperventilation  hypoglycemia  hyrdocephalus  impotence  inflammatory autoimmune-mediated arthritis  inflammatory bowel disease ibd  insomnia  intermittent explosive disorder ied  interstitial cystitis  intractable pain  intractable vomitting  lipomatosis  lou gehrig's disease  lupus  lyme disease  lymphoma  major depression  malignant melanoma  mania  melorheostosis  meniere's disease  motion sickness  mucopolysaccharidosis mps  multiple sclerosis ms  muscle spasms  muscular dystrophy  myasthenia gravis  myeloid leukemia  nail-patella syndrome  neurofibromatosis  nightmares  obesity  obsessive compulsive disorder  opiate dependence  osteoarthritis  panic disorder  parkinson's disease  peripheral neuropathy  peritoneal pain  persistent insomnia  porphyria  post concussion syndrome  post polio syndrome pps  post-traumatic arthritis  post-traumatic stress disorder ptsd  premenstrual syndrome pms  prostatitis  psoriasis  pulmonary fibrosis  quadriplegia  radiation therapy  raynaud's disease  reflex sympathetic dystrophy  reiter's syndrome  residual limb pain  restless legs syndrome rls  rheumatoid arthritis  rosacea  rsd ^(complex regional pain syndrome type 1)  schizoaffective disorder  schizophrenia  scoliosis  sedative dependence  seizures  senile dementia  severe nausea  severe pain  severe vomiting  shingles ^(herpes zoster)  sinusitis  sjoren's syndrome  skeletal muscular spasticity  sleep apnea  sleep disorders  spasticity  spinal cord injury  spinal stenosis  spinocerebellar ataxia  sturge-weber syndrome sws  stuttering  syringomyelia  tardive dyskinesia td  tarlov cysts  temporomandibular joint disorder tmj  tenosynovitis  terminal illness  thyroiditis  tic douloureux  tietze's syndrome  tinnitus  tobacco dependence  tourette's syndrome  traumatic brain injury  trichotillomania  viral hepatitis  wasting syndrome  whiplash  wittmaack-ekbom's syndrome  writers' cramp~~
t3_1wttll-t3_1wttll-cf5d8c4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5024	as someone who worked in health care as a caregiver to adults with disabilities and hospice patients, i had much worse happen to me.   i was punched, spit on, had feces thrown at me and one woman struck me across the face with her cane, breaking my nose.   i would talk to whomever assigned you your patient. if you leave, you leave this disabled man without a caregiver and that's unacceptable.   people who are disabled or dying are angry. they will act out. they will take it out on whomever is around and an easy target.  they can be gigantic jerks. i had a man dying of brain cancer tell me he hated me, he hoped i would get raped and that i was a huge bitch. why? he was in unspeakable agony and i had to turn him to avoid a pressure ulcer. did he mean it? no, because he was always a sweet man. he was sick, scared, dying and angry. in fact, i held him in my arms the might he died. for as horrible as he could be, he was still a person and one of the last coherent things he said was, "thank you."   defriend him on facebook. you two shouldn't be facebook friends to begin with as its highly inappropriate.   is it okay to quit? that's on you, only you know if you should. but if you're going to continue being a caregiver know that you won't be treated wonderfully all the time.
t3_39ullg-t1_cs78nmv-cs79wb3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sorry to hear that man. i'm 21 and suffer from chronic daily headaches. i wake up in a fog every fucking day. i honestly thought i had brain cancer because they have been progressing more and more. i've gone vegan, eating primarily fruit and vegetables. i'm doing daily coffee enemas that seem to help. i'm getting my silver fillings removed as well. i'm doing everything in my power to live a healthy productive life. keep fighting man, i hope that we can both fight through our problems and find an improvement in some form.
t3_o66h5-t3_o66h5-c3eot0c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	to me, this sounds like hypochondria. i can relate to you, though. i have death anxiety, which causes me to be anxious over my health. if i get a headache, i worry that i have brain cancer and picture a tumor growing into my brain.  exercising is definitely one of the number 1 ways to reduce anxiety. when you work out, you feel healthier and won't worry about health issues as much.  you're 16 years old. i know it's hard not to worry about health, because you hear horror stories all the time of people who "thought it was nothing" and ended up being diagnosed with horrible things. keep going to your doctor for a yearly checkup, who should catch anything should you get a disease or something before it gets worst. all the best!
t3_3yeptz-t1_cycz7i0-cyd63pq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is up there in terms of the stupidest things i've ever heard.  so you're saying take it with a grain of salt when the majority of experts in that field agree on something?  soooo...when i go to 15 cancer specialists and 14 of them say i have stage 4 brain cancer but that one in the strip mall said i probably just stubbed my toe i should tread lightly and entertain his ridiculous diagnoses for the sake of argument?  even if it's putting my life in danger?
t3_2ljnvi-t1_clvjluj-clvjp0y	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.65	nah i am basically a cripple, i am 27 and use a walker, i have brain cancer and just have a good outlook on life, i am thankful for every day i have and the steps i have taken
t3_2uv1rd-t3_2uv1rd-cobxn9o	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ah, good ole webmd  * when my mom had arm cramps: brain tumor * when my mom had a swollen ankle: brain tumor * when my mom had an unexplained bruise: brain tumor * when my mom had an *actual* brain tumor: depression
t3_27de53-t1_chzptxo-chzuzq8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well if she had chemo/xrt (maybe surgery? unsure from your story) for a brain tumor it could affect her personality depending on where the tumor was located.
t3_4ukqdi-t1_d5r0klx-d5s3o08	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6604	my grandma battled brain cancer for a year. doctors put her on kepra for her seizures so she couldn't talk anymore and it was the hardest thing in the beginning to see the lucidity in her eyes but she couldn't communicate. it was even harder than watching her slip away week after week because she knew she was in there but she couldn't come out.   hope your grandpa remains functioning for a very long time. stay strong. (:
t3_q6mp1-t3_q6mp1-c3v64iy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8021	welcome to the game of life where you have won a interesting disease to live with. anxiety disorder.   anxiety disorder may or may not come with physical symtptoms that may include:   trouble breathing, heart palpitations, stomahce upset, burning of the skin, urination problems, trouble sleeping (add your unique symtpom here).. :d   you are welcome.  aint life grand.  sorry about your problem. i had that last spring.. i thought i had a bladder cancer, stomach cancer and brain cancer. cancer kebab. that lit me up with physical symptoms like a hooman christmas tree.  never think you have cancer. even if you have cancer. nothing is worse than fear itself. what a useless pos feeling. i would rather smile and be eaten by a bear than feel fear.
t3_4hjz59-t3_4hjz59-d2qijg9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	warning: probably graphic and sad  had to share mine. my first animal was a cat. i was 6 yrs old living in my second house right out of a duplex. there was a corner of my backyard where there was a tall fence with barbwire seperating an apartment complex where occasionally a gang homicide happened. this very stray cat would climb the fence and come into the backyard. day after day i'd come talk to it. eventually it came to chill in a box, blanket, lean to combination. it had kittens and i helped care for them at 6 yrs old. the cat completed trusted me because i was gentle.  one day i came home from kindergarten or something to find it laying in the grass. i called it's name and it didn't move. i felt scared and took a baseball bat and nudged it a bit. i cried right away. it was so long ago that i don't feel a thing. maybe my feels are gone.  years later another cat i had got brain cancer and would hide in the closet and shake it's head flinging blood from it's ears and covering the walls. i can't sugar coat it. i've had dogs but didn't have one long enough for it to die yet. the one i got now is on it's way.
t3_1y2sz9-t1_cfhb8ys-cfhgfin	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5883	they were in denial and thought she would get better. but she had a brain tumor that they could only partially remove and it grew back fast and the "skilled nursing/rehabilitation center" double medicated her and gave her a stroke. so at this point she was mostly catatonic and couldn't speak or make eye contact and wouldn't eat or drink. she was used to drinking whiskey or gin every day. but my family thought it would hurt her recovery. i think part of recovery is happiness.
t3_pgc4z-t3_pgc4z-c3p4mxr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6482	my sincerest condolences to you and your family! my sister was diagnosed with a brain tumor and in surgery within 3 days.
t3_4t09z8-t1_d5e3uyx-d5e6zhg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	advil usually works. i remember my first migraine i went to the doctor because i was convinced i had brain cancer and it was lights out for me lol. and the doctor hands me an advil, and i said, advil? i don't think you understand. and when i took it, vola, all better.
t3_1pm5zv-t3_1pm5zv-cd43jlm	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi, i have brain cancer (type 2 astrocytoma) and may need radiation therapy in the future. if i do so i will be forced to experience one component of your recovery at least, and so have a particularly strong interest in it. my tumor is right by my speech center, and the rad oncologist is confident i would lose my ability to speak. they'd intend to send me to intensive therapy, possibly of a similar format. i got to experience losing my ability to speak prior, in the immediate period post surgery. swelling impaired bloodflow to my speech center, which worked immediately after surgery, then shut down function for about 4-5 days. towards the end i could turn on and off my ability to speak with an ice pack. i guess i'd just like to hear more about the speech thrapy programs in particular, and how successful they can be in returning the ability to speak.
t3_1j6aj8-t1_cbbp9bw-cbbqcdf	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	there should be other aspects taken too. when i was 10 i had brain cancer in my cerebellum so now i am unsteady on my feet all the time and my motor skills have diminished substantially but i can drive fine. the only reason i drive now is because i have the knowledge that breathalyzers exist.
t3_4x5ljx-t1_d6cpmk5-d6dij0g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6654	completely agree. this book is incredible.  i had brain cancer a while ago and reading this was transformative/therapeutic.   the guy puts complex emotions on paper. he said things better than i ever could have. one of those rare moments of 'yes that's exactly how i feel', that you get from only the best books.  highly recommend checking out his article he did for the new york times too (came out before the book).  [how long have i got left?](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/25/opinion/sunday/how-long-have-i-got-left.html?_r=0)  not just for people who've dealt with mortality/death/illness. just a great way to take a minute to examine what makes a life worth living.
t3_422v0v-t1_cz7o2fl-cz7rn7i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	had an mri last week and the result is that i have neither brain cancer nor ms. it's a pretty good feeling to know, nothing is wrong with your head after months of being unsure. finally going to finish my bsc, last exam is registered.  also made me want to finally release my own webnovel, so i searched for an hobby artist for some character designs and scenes and found one who isn't just talented but also cheap enough, that i can afford it, because he likes the idea...  so the last 2 weeks were quite a bit of "life can also be great" after months of grey... so, cheer up! =)
t3_1473pp-t3_1473pp-c7avhm2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7523	"do what you can, when you can, because you can." i had a friend who passed away from brain cancer last september and this was her mantra. it constantly motivates me to get off my ass and make things happen because i have the ability and the means. she lived it out until her last days.
t3_1bflj5-t1_c96qxxa-c96r9ey	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the short version is, she battled a brain tumor for five years.  when it became obvious that she was dying, she went through the legal channels to end her life under a doctor's supervision.    i did an ama [here](http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/11uynd/iama_person_that_helped_my_then_terminally_ill/) if you're interested.
t3_1358su-t3_1358su-c717k5u	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8321	i was a sophomore at williams college last year. 23:45/11:45pm on wed., november 15, 2011 (almost a year ago to the day) i had a grand mal seizure while hanging out with friends. i don't recall the seizure, which was severe enough for my friends to call an ambulance. apparently while i was being loaded into the ambulance i gave them a peace sign. first thing i remember is panicking because i'm in a moving vehicle and had no recollection of how i got there or who the people with me were. i assumed i was being kidnapped because i was restrained.   anyway, i was given medicine and water when i got to the er. my friends weren't far behind (though it was around 12:30am) but i didn't see them for a while.  i had a ct scan at the er and it revealed a mass in my brain. i was shocked, but suspicious. i wasn't sure if they were sure, and somehow that reassured me. i called my parents and told them about the scan results, and that i was being rushed to the major hospital an hour away and that they should meet me there. on my way out of the er i saw my friends waiting in the lobby for me -- it was about 2:00am by then -- i didn't know they came at all, and seeing them there was monumental. my friends rule.   i got to the hospital in no time, and my parents were there soon after. i couldn't sleep, so i just stayed in bed and talked with my parents and other relatives who showed up over the day. that evening, i was told i would be having surgery the next day. i told my mom: "if these doctors think the mass needs to be removed, then being here in the hospital with surgery scheduled for the next day was maybe the best circumstance of all". i really trusted my doctors and learned a lot about neurology from them (before and since the surgery). that night i ate a bomber's burrito (i was in albany ny) and understood it might be my last meal. that night was difficult and nerve racking. but i remained positive and understood that it wasn't a gamble: this surgeon was incredibly skilled and actually had just operated on my sister's friend a month before and everything went smoothly. my family were barely keeping their wits about them.   i said goodbye to my relatives, and meant it. i went in to surgery and was put under. could have been an instant or a hundred years later, but i eventually came to. it was friday evening, only a handful of hours after surgery. immediately i recalled why i was i the hospital, and realized that i could remember, which was good! my sight was foggy from the drugs, but i recognized the haze as typical and didn't notice any visual artifacts from surgery. unfortunately the drugs also made me weepy, and i cried out for a nurse. my first request was to know where my mom was. my second was to get my phone to tell my friends i made it. i was told to quit bitching for a few minutes, though not in so few words, and they did give me an extra kick of morphine. before long i was with my family again, and had contacted my friends back at school. then i ate another bombers burrito, lest the last one truly be the last one.   i was in the hospital for a week altogether, but was recovering very well (especially with pain killers and muscle relaxers, which i took mostly to relieve tension in the muscle around my head where a brace had been screwed into my cranium to prevent any motion). the friends who saved my life came to visit me a few times over the next days. finally i was released. my best friend from home picked out a new bed for me with my father, and i was glad to be in my old home again, with my dogs and friends i hadn't seen in a while. i wished to be back at school a lot. i missed my friends but wouldn't know if i was healthy at all, let alone healthy enough to handle a curriculum that challenging.   two weeks after surgery, i celebrated thanksgiving very hard. i even had wine, my first drink after surgery. still no diagnosis.   a month after surgery, i hear that it was cancer after all. stage 2 astrocytoma. they got it all, and i would be healthy in no time. i suffered no brain damage from surgery, and was even feeling well enough to complete my courses from home.   tldr; didn't know i had brain cancer until i had a seizure, friends saved me, doctors fixed me, 100% healthy now!
t3_2arc3i-t3_2arc3i-cixzdp0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	since there are a ton of different cancers, it's safe to assume that most experiences are different in a lot of ways but probably similar in some.   i have a good deal of experience with cancer i would think. i was diagnosed with brain cancer after two brain surgeries in 2011. i had to drop out of college for the surgeries and move back home. in 2013 my mother who had been taking care of me passed away suddenly from cancer. i had another brain surgery less than a year later in december 2013.   i also lost feeling and for some time the use of the left side of my body after my first surgery. i managed to walk again and learn how to use my arm and leg again through physio. the effects the treatments and surgeries have had on my body and mind have been pretty extensive so far but probably could have been worse considering the kind of surgeries i underwent.   if there's one thing i think cancer patients and survivors can probably agree on is that cancer is terrible and everyone should take as many measures as they can to avoid it for as long as possible.
t3_26ajs6-t3_26ajs6-chpbq5b	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	good  he has a deadly cancer and is living his life and doing what makes him happy.  i have a best friend that has brain cancer and was told she could only live for a few more years. shes only 30 years old. imagine being told that? i cant.. and i am still struggling knowing that. if it were me i wouldnt give 2 shits about what people think and just do what makes me happy until that time comes.
t3_1ecfs8-t1_c9z2dqo-c9z5lpl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was 27 years ago.  ct/mri, i jusr remember they wanted to take pictures of my brain to look for a tumor and they explained they were putting this dark brown liquid into my iv to make them show better.  they said it was a radioactive iodine.
t3_4hd273-t1_d2p6hg3-d2p70sd	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5014	i had brain cancer and my father has lymphoma. i think i am plenty smart and understanding of the situation. if norway is unwilling to give this person treatment, then she is probably too far gone for their abilities to help her.
t3_1inivt-t3_1inivt-cb6cddm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6702	i have a friend who had brain cancer who was given months to live.  it has been 12 years.  i'm just saying there might be a chance he could make it to the game.  just maybe, okay?  i am sending you love.
t3_1v7qq5-t3_1v7qq5-cewqtym	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6543	you are so generous.  i have been vaping for just over a month.  i started when i was diagnosed with metastatic brain cancer.  i enjoy life and want to be here for my family.  because of my chemo i have little funds but vaping keeps me off the cancer stix and keeps me sane
t3_bjqo6-t3_bjqo6-c0n4vrr	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've never really had the imminent death experience that most other posters are mentioning - any time i've been in direct physical danger i've been too busy trying to get out of it to think about what's going to happen if i fail. or, possibly, i've just never come that close to instant death. on the other hand, i was diagnosed with brain cancer a few years ago.  at first no one knew exactly how bad it was going to be or what the prognosis was, but the statistics suggested i'd be lucky to be alive in 6-12 months. this gave me a completely new outlook on life, one that can be summed up with two words: fuck it. i found myself simply not caring about hassles and troubles. and i don't mean i had that 'don't sweat the small stuff' attitude either - i didn't sweat anything. i can remember looking at my asshole boss who was bitching about something and thinking to myself "i could just get up and walk out of here. why am i putting up with this?" then i found myself thinking "i could probably leap over this table and rip his throat out with my teeth right now. what would anyone do about about? odds are i'll be dead before i even go to trial." there was a tremendously exhilarating (and terrifying) sense of freedom from consequences. the social contract started to simply break down for me.  one event that sticks in my memory was of being driven around by my girlfriend in my convertible (couldn't drive myself because of seizures) and seeing some other guy road rage at us in the next car over. he may or may not have been high on something (and we may have cut him off or something too - i have no idea) but man, he was pissed at us. he was screaming something pretty incoherent and i was just looking at him with an expression of casual interest. he started yelling at me that i better stop looking at him or he'd "slap the rest of your hair of and do the same for your bitch wife too" (my head was shaved due to recent brain surgery). a year earlier i would have ignored him or possibly felt a little worried about being in an open car in case he got out of his car and wanted to start something. instead, i was just thinking that if he came over i would do my level best to kill him, just because i could. i remember thinking i could probably heave him off this overpass and into the interstate traffic below us and probably even get away with it by claiming i couldn't remember any of it later. this isn't classic internet tough guy trolling either: nothing happened, i probably would have been hurt fairly badly if he'd attacked us and i wasn't posturing or egging him on or anything. i was just very aware that i didn't have much life left and if he wanted to tackle me i would have no problems doing my best to take him out with me. it was a very strange, very neutral and disjointed feeling.  for a few months i waited for diagnoses, prognoses and result of treatment and idly thought about how i would go about picking targets for elimination if i got a confirmation that i had only a few months left to live. instead, i found i had a fairly rare tumor that wasn't as aggressive as expected and i responded really well to treatment. that was almost three years ago and i lost that sense of detachment long ago. i don't really miss it, but i did kind of like the sense of freedom it brought me. as it is, i still have a much lower threshold for hassles; i don't get mad or anything, i'm just well aware that i don't have to put up with them if i don't want to. i'm much more aware of my own mortality now.      tl;dr: no sudden death story, just a cancer diagnoses that made me stop caring about the consequences of anything for a year or so.
t3_202fel-t1_cg0ykwy-cg0ypcv	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7887	yeah, i'm fine. i had brain cancer when i was 10 and a small tumor is growing back. they think they just missed a small piece and can get rid of it and it (probably) won't come back.
t3_13kbgw-t1_c74sb6v-c757fev	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	as painful as that was to read, not all families are like that. when my grandma was recovering from brain cancer we made sure she was able to stay home the best to our ability, no matter what the cost was. my mom, her sister, and her three brothers never gave up. they took turns living with her, and hired aids to do so when they couldn't. when she was able to be trusted on her own, my uncles installed little security cameras in each room to monitor her. someone would take turns watching her from the laptop to make sure she was okay. she made a great recovery and only needed to be quickly watched a few times a day, and only have an aid to hang out with her once a week. she was able to cook, clean, and tend to her veggie garden that she loved all by herself.  this went on for 3 years, up until august 29th 2012. her brain cancer came back without a warning; a tumor on each side of her brain and put her in a coma. surgery would not help her because she was too old to recover from all the tumors. she was taken off life support, and now we're spending the first holiday without her today. thanksgiving was always at her house, she loved doing that. her house was under my mom/aunt/uncle's name so they own it now, and was actually going to be sold to a nice family, but hurricane sandy *destroyed* it. only the upstairs of her home was alright, everything else had to be gutted and is now unsellable.  **tl;dr:** my family took care of her while she recovered from brain cancer as much as possible, until the day she died in august. they never wanted her to be put in a nursing home *ever.*
t3_3kuyjv-t3_3kuyjv-cv0vu0a	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7626	"i'm afraid it's terminal," said the doctor. i could tell those lines had been rehearsed, that from the glassy look in his eye he'd said that to more patients than he could count, and there was nothing he could do.   but there was something i could do.   "i want you to freeze it." i said to him, and he stopped, halfway to re door.   "do what, sir?"   "you heard me, freeze it.  my brain. you said i had brain cancer and you can't cure it- i want you to preserve it so whenever it can be revived, it will be."  at first the doctors had refused. but with enough money, anyone can be convinced. and i had the money.   i paid ten million dollars for the procedure. one million went to the doctor.  four million went to the freezing chamber that was custom built for me. five million was bought in gold, and placed within the chamber.   on the day before my scheduled death, i booked an appointment with a reporter, and my last words were broadcast to the world as my brain was frozen.   "in this century, mankind has discovered more than it's entire existence. we've fought hunger, we've defeated diseases, and we've conquered technology. but one dark hand still rules over us all- death.   "today, i will be preserved and buried deep into antartica ice. with me, there will be five million dollars in gold, a keypad, and a nuclear bomb. anyone in the future who can revive me to consciousness and heal my cancer will receive the code to disable the bomb and free the reward. anyone who tries to steal the reward will be destroyed by the blast.   "goodnight, earth. i will see you in the morning."  the message terminated, and so did i. the combination stayed in my head- 3141.   ****  voice :*hello*  the voice permeated my consciousness, before i even knew i was awake. if i had a heart, it would be racing.   me: *who is this? have you revived me?*  voice: *we have* said the voice, *with great effort. you are the last of your kind.*  me: *i'm what?*  voice: *the last human. we are what you would call aliens. a hundred years ago, we destroyed your race, and you are the last. we found your burial site, and your treasure, and saw your enlarged brain- meaning you must have been a king of great intelligence. our historians are greatly interested in you.*  me: *everyone is gone? you've killed them all?*  voice: *the war was terrible, but yes. you were a lesser species. we could not allow you to coexist and waste resources that could go to us.*   me: *what will happen to me?*  voice: *after speaking to our historians, you will be put to rest.*  me: *but there is a message for you left by humans. one i cannot express by thought.*  voice: *none have been found.*  me:*it is hidden. to find it, press 4214 on the keypad.*  **** by leo  for more of my writing, visit or subscribe to /r/leoduhvinci where i put all my new stories
t3_1rm4de-t1_cdooas6-cdooniu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i used it to my advantage multiple times. i was rather young when i got it, and one time i was looking for a snake (i handle them) and an old man came up and said "well little girly, i'm sure if that snake came out you would scream at the top of your scaredy cat lounges!" then started looking for the snake. so i said "which is worse, cancer or a snake?" "erm, cancer. what's your point?" "i had brain cancer when i was only ten. guess how long i was in the hospital." "3 weeks?" "two days.".
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46jrob	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had very rare brain cancer when i was 10. paralysed on right side for a few weeks. couldn't talk for 6 weeks. couldn't walk for a few months and then i couldn't walk well. no pain in treatment. 10 years later i'm fine, walking and talking. not bad at all, i get a shit-load of perks now.   edit: lost hair, had blonde wig/hat combo. guy thought i was girl. i acted like one and trolled the shit outta him.
t3_1b2w92-t3_1b2w92-c93bxrb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	bitterness is just something that seems to arise naturally from dealing with infertility. i had a childhood friend who had brain cancer and i spent the good part of the summer in riley's children's hospital. i can say i wouldn't want a child who was terminally ill to just watch it wither away. losing a child would be much worse than not having one.   i share your thoughts with infertility and sick child relations. like since its taking so long,something is not clicking, and when it does click, it's going to be a lucky mistake.
t3_4oqnq3-t1_d4erlh2-d4etgl1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6702	15 is just the number lost. i have one buddy that beat inoperable brain cancer. 8ish years ago, they told him he wouldn't make it to thanksgiving, then christmas, then his birthday. after all those came and went, they were still convinced he didn't have long until it went into remission.  i have come to accept that cancer sucks. it's not something that i take lightly, under any circumstances. skin cancer, liver cancer, pancreatic cancer, breast cancer, leukemia, thyroid cancer, brain cancer - they all kill, and they all have no respect for the lives left behind. i wasn't close to most of them (extended family), but the damage done was clear. don't fuck around with cancer. if you need a second opinion, get it quick, and get that shit taken care of.
t3_3x0j6e-t3_3x0j6e-cy16b94	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom lost her bichon-frise to some kind of brain tumor around 8 years ago.  she still wells up when she talks about her.  very little is sadder than a dying dog.  :(
t3_4zc1tk-t3_4zc1tk-d6urkf7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	your going to be ok. i felt the exact same way before. my chest always feels tight unless im not stressing about it then i feel fine. the problem i always have is feeling lightheaded as hell! i always feel like im going to pass out seriously lol. im to the point where im almost saying fuck it. it happens everyday and ive never passed out at all. why even worry about it anymore. theres nothing medically wrong with me, and probably nothing wrong with you either. if your like me you spend all your day worrying about things that never come true. idk about you but im sick of it, i feel like anxiety is one of the worse things to deal with. my best solution to you is just know that in your head that you are fine! i always keep that thought in my head. its a simple solution but it is hard to think that way especially if your chest feels tight. and for gods sake never google your symptoms. i googled mine and if i stuck to what the web says i would walk around thinking i had a colapsed lung, brain cancer and all sorts of stuff lol. your fine i promise. just live life and try to be happy. you have alot to be thankful for. i know this isnt a solution but it always makes me feel better when i know im not alone. and believe me your not alone! god bless you
t3_1ja0d9-t3_1ja0d9-cbcq5jn	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6717	found out i have stage two brain cancer after an egg sized tumor had to be removed last august at the age of 22. actually on chemotherapy now. how much has this chemotherapy had an effect on your life outside of cancer?
t3_2vlcrb-t1_coiym0z-cojc53y	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6721	4 years ago, my wife and i went to visit my grandma and grandpa. we got there on a friday morning and were spending the day with them.   my grandma and i were in their garden planting stuff after lunch that day. i picked up a small tomato plant and asked my grandma, where do you want the roma tomato plant?  she replied back with nonsense that was really slurred.  i said what? and she said something else that was strange and slurred.   i brought her back into the house and told my grandpa and wife what was going on. my wife thought grandma had a stroke and we needed to take her to the hospital.  she did have a stroke that was caused by a brain tumor that she didn't know she had. it was cancer, but we got it removed and she had another really good 3 years before it came back with a vengence and she passed away. the dr said had we not brought her in, she probably would have never been diagnosed and passed away within 6 months.
t3_1fw35o-t1_caeftso-caeg11w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6788	kinda makes me think, though. how freaking unreliable and "praying for a miracle" are modern cancer treatments? i actually thought better of them. i have lost a family member to brain cancer 6 years ago and i was always under the impression that we were just a couple months too late with treatment. maybe it's vastly different situations and specifics, then.
t3_2tsq8p-t1_co21xx0-co22gmi	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	webmd saved my life, i put my symptoms in and its said i had brain cancer and aids. luckily the doctor gave me a cream for it and i got better.
t3_3vt5qa-t3_3vt5qa-cxqez2g	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a big scar on my head from a stupid incident and have very short hair. it's not gross or anything, just a straight line with no hair.  i'm from the northeast where people, apparently, aren't nearly as forthcoming to strangers than in the south. whenever i'm in the south, i can't walk through the damn grocery store without complete strangers asking me what happened. so i started to say fuck it and give out ridiculous stories of how it happened. when they are particularly rude about it, i tell them i had brain cancer and had life saving surgery as a toddler. that shuts them up pretty damn quick.
t3_3zor1m-t3_3zor1m-cyntcc3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6656	in the last 2 years, i had brain cancer again (this makes it 4) i am currently living with my folks again and have to use a walker to get around
t3_3p40y3-t3_3p40y3-cw3bcgk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have chronic head pain. i thought everybodys head hurt 24/7 until i was about 20 years old. i thought headaches were migraines because when i had a migraine i would react the same way other people did when they had headaches. my entire sense of pain was/is skewed.   they thought i had brain cancer but after years of tests they have no idea what causes it.
t3_1nfxa1-t3_1nfxa1-ccicllz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7551	grandmother passing away three years ago; she is my favorite.   my five year relationship ending.  my brother diagnosed with a brain tumor (he is all good now).   growing up in poverty (also, all good now, i graduated university and got myself an awesome job).
t3_1u5liu-t1_ceeqa4q-ceewie8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have this also. ever since i was a little kid. and it's super fucking annoying when people ask me about it, or say "hey, are you nervous, hur hur hur"---(i wait tables and cook, and am currently a pastry chef which can be annoying)....when i used to get comments waiting tables i'd tell people i had terminal brain cancer and only a couple of months to live, but i was trying to put away as much money as possible in my newborn's college fund. may seem shitty, but i get sick of people making fucking remarks about it. i'm not nervous, or even moderately upset, i just shake.
t3_1ln64g-t3_1ln64g-cc100n0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandma was the most beautiful woman in the world and i'm not saying that just because she was related to me. she won ms. copacabana two years in a row, despite her parents telling her to quit and become a religious woman and settle with a religious man. my grandma and grandpa met when they were filling out paperwork to immigrate. my grandpa was from uruguay and my grandma was from brazil, my great grandma cursed my grandpa with nine lives, but that's a story for later. my grandma started smoking at the age of fourteen, it was her husbands fault that the habit got worse instead of better. he didn't support her, he treated her like a slave and made her do everything. the cooking, the cleaning, the taking care of the kids.  fast forward a few years and my siblings and cousins are born. we all loved our grandmother very much, my cousins started calling her ma! she was a keen, up to date, fashionably savvy, and beautiful grandmother. then, she started to deteriorate. songs she had known her whole life were suddenly difficult to sing, getting dressed and remember where her shoes and skirts were was a challenge. something was off and when she came to visit for succos (a jewish holiday that celebrates the harvest season) we noticed something was very wrong. she shared a room with me and on the first day of our holiday, we were waiting for her to go to synagogue, i went into the bedroom to see what was taking so long and she wasn't dressed. "grandma what's wrong?" i asked, she looked at me surprised and said, "i just need to put my clothes on and put on a little makeup!" i told her okay and sat on the bed to wait for her to finish getting ready, she stood in front of her suitcase, suddenly unsure of herself. "what's wrong grandma? do you remember where you put your shabbos clothes?" at this point i was worried, she was walking in circles for another twenty minutes before i got up and picked an outfit out for her and helped her with her makeup. the next day the same thing happened and we took her to the hospital. she went kicking and screaming, not wanting to go. my grandma, grandpa, dad, and i all went to the hospital and she was checked in within a few minutes. the took a brain mri and came back, telling us that there were three tumors on her brain. i cried and cried for hours, i came home and cried and texted my best friend (even though it was a holiday and she wouldn't answer). i went the next day to visit my grandma in the hospital, she was very flustered of course and had no idea that she had three tumors on her brain, because every time we told her she forgot. they were going to do a biopsy to see if it was cancerous. the results came back positive. they couldn't operate on it because it was too big and so they decided on a round of chemo. my dad took my grandma to every specialist in the country, my parents called every doctor they could find. no one wanted to touch the tumors. my dad flew from our home in st.louis to miami almost every week for five months. about four months into chemo, my grandma was put into hospice. i cried every day, praying to g-d to heal my grandmother, even though i know it was futile, at this point it would have been less painful for her to pass. i knew she was pain, she was in mental and physical pain, but she didn't know she was going to die and i was thankful that she kept trying to pull through. everyday she lasted was a miracle and my hope had been lifted, maybe she would make it, she had beaten cancer before, maybe she could do it one more time! my grandma passed away the same month as my dad's birthday, february 19th 2012. the day my father and his siblings had gone home for the sabbath was the day she passed, she had waited for them to go home so that they would not see her die. my grandmother was the most beautiful woman in the world, she was with me one moment and the next she was gone. what family means to me is not something that can be described; my grandma, she taught me to value the little things and to never submit to anyone's will. she taught me that no matter where life takes you or no matter what situation you are in, you can always change it for the better. sorry for the wall of text by the way, i didn't mean for it to end up this long. i just started writing and it sort of all just poured out...
t3_3au2cl-t1_csh271e-csh2avt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think it sounds like op's sister has been coddled her whole life because of her brain tumor when there's zero evidence it's affected any of her cognitive function - it has only stunted her physical height and her speech. it sounds like she has been babied by everyone her whole life so it's no wonder she doesn't know how to stand up for herself.
t3_ajffl-t1_c0hvv3s-c0hvy9d	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother died from a tumor on her brain stem. this was after she had a lung removed and thought she had beat cancer. this was after she had smoked for 30 years. please, don't do it again, for your own health and $$.
t3_3t807f-t3_3t807f-cx3wxdv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this happened to me overnight once, woke up super freaked out because i couldn't hear out of one ear, went to the doctor pretty sure i had brain cancer and it ended up being earwax, the removal was pretty painful but immensely satisfying.
t3_1jz5xy-t3_1jz5xy-cbjw0bo	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have brain cancer near my frontal lobe that, if removed, would paralyze me. i had a tumor the size of an egg in my right temporal lobe that was surgically removed other then the touchy bits last august.  my symtoms were headaches in the morning that i attributed to lack of coffee.  the big thing was a feeling that was similar to being stoned as shit, sort of out of it, light-headed, dizzy, and i would have hallucinations of smells due to the pressure caused by the massive tumor. turned out, after nearly a year of going in and out of the doc's offices, one finally gave me an mri. those dizzy spells were a type of seizure.
t3_4q2xhh-t1_d4pxn9x-d4qekbk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm surprised they let him keep them. i had a teacher who'd had a brain tumor and was ticked off that she hadn't been allowed to keep it. she wanted it because she said it was really pretty, all pinks and purples. she was odd.
t3_unnlf-t1_c4x0age-c4x3rg6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yup. lying about something to someone who would otherwise have no reason to disbelieve you is not "trolling"; it's just called lying.  like, if i called my parents and told them i had terminal brain cancer that wouldn't be *trolling*.   now, if i told my quite-liberal mother that i was considering voting for romney, *that* would be trolling.
t3_ocpvy-t3_ocpvy-c3gbkxn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7482	a few years ago my grandma was diagnosed with a brain tumor and was hospitalized for several months. my grandfather never left her side.  he had been complaining about a back problem and one day my grandma told him to go to the nearby urgent care to have it examined. it turned out he had to have a minor surgery which required full sedation.  he was supposed to be out for approximately 8 hours but immediately after the surgery he awoke and asked my mother where my grandma was.  my mother replied that he must have been dreaming because my grandma was at the neighboring hospital.  he said it was very real and that his mother who passed several years prior was also there.  they were drinking wine and laughing in his dream.  after that my mom called the hospital where my grandma was and they informed her that she had just passed.  to this day i believe my grandpa was not dreaming and my grandma had come to say goodbye.
t3_4jztjm-t1_d3b8n5u-d3bbunl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes! if you see my post history i just posted on a cancer anxiety post! i've been convinced i had brain cancer, prostate cancer, colon cancer, liver cancer and now i'm convinced i have liver/gallbladder cancer because i have a dull/achy pain in my upper right abdomen sometimes. even though we get anxiety from over analyzing, i think its still good we recognize our mortality. although a lot of us have a shit time because of anxiety, it definitely helps me enjoy the little things more! if you need to talk, let me know!
t3_3nu827-t3_3nu827-cvviacp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7541	i'm sorry you're going through all of that. having any type of rare cancer or illness can be horrendous. i have a rare form of brain cancer and i also have a super rare genetic disease called glutaric acidemia type 2. finding doctors that have even heard of my conditions is hard enough but luckily i have a specialist that does his research and tries to listen to what i say.   i'm always here if you need to talk or just want to vent or anything!
t3_28fynr-t1_ciajuz2-ciajwu2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6661	no it was not, but this is the last photo of her while she was still coherent. she had her first stroke a month after this was taken.   over the past 4 years she has had  lung cancer has had part of her lung removed. brain cancer brain tumors radiation therapy tumors were in remission then she had another stroke and another then she broke her arm she had her final stroke, and was bed ridden for the last couple months of her life.  she was amazing...
t3_43a5v2-t3_43a5v2-czgxvn3	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	an ex-girlfriend called me one night, screaming incoherently.  she had just gotten off the phone with 911, and the ambulance was on its way.  her 28 year old son had just blown his brains out in his bedroom.  she had no one else to call, no family, so she called me.  she tried to get help.  the suicide support groups couldn't help her, she said.  they all had suffered loss, but no one there knew how painful it was to *her.*  she called me often, though i lived a thousand miles away, telling me her plans.  she was going to take some pills, close the garage door, climb into the car, start it, and go to sleep.  she couldn't leave her two corgis behind, so they would go to sleep with her.  she was just waiting for the right time.  about three years after his suicide, she called me to say she had been having trouble keeping upright.  she had gone to the doctor that morning, and an mri found three tumors in her brain.  she said she was having brain surgery that very afternoon.  the tumors were cancerous.  the cancer metastasized to her lungs.  she started chemo and radiation treatments.    three months after the surgery, a neighbor called me.  said she hadn't been seen outside  of her house, so the fire department had been called.  she had died of a massive heart attack in her bathtub.    (that's one of my suicide stories.  i have others.)
t3_3ctqad-t3_3ctqad-cszo1gg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i found out a couple of months ago that i have terminal brain cancer and i just wanted to say a quick thanks to the wow community for providing such a fun experience over the years! raiding in vanilla wow was so much fun! i belonged to a great guild back then and we had lots of fun experiences (and i still love the people in my current guild!) i will never forget the first time rag rose up! was that cool or what or the noise on vent when we took him down for the first time! i will also never forget coming up on the entrance to ironforge the first time and just being blown away by how cool it looked! i've really enjoyed how the game has developed over the years and how willing the developers were to trying new things. i really couldn't have asked for much more :) as far as the art in the game. sam and all the others that have worked on this area over the years have killed it! i have to admit that the new sylvanas windrunner model really caught my eye. glenn rane you did an awesome job on her! i've also made a bunch of great people in the game and have even met some in real life! so to wrap it up thanks to the developers for making the best mmo ever and thanks to all the kind and considerate people i have met in game over the years!
t3_wbkxp-t1_c5ce708-c5cnq30	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6738	why not both? because its not true. there's actually studies that show that bpds are considerably more receptive to others emotions than others and more capable of being compassionate and understanding due to the extreme emotions they feel themselves. the one exception is abandonment triggers which is thought to temporarily reduce their capacity for empathy. also were talking about bpd here not npd here. and like i said bpd has an 86% remission rate, you can't say that most bpds do not recover. you need to stop treating the cluster b diagnoses as being equivalent. sure they share a few of the same symptoms, but they are all distinctly different, and that's why we treat them as separate diagnoses. also you need to stop using fictional characters as examples, perhaps glenn close did have classic bpd symptoms but there was probably something else there. never in my life have i seen a real case of bpd that severe that wasn't co-morbid with both aspd and a manic episode. also i really care any less about your theories on bpd, if they are valid and eventually become universally accepted and change the way bpd is thought of, then so be it. but for right now bpd is defined the way it is defined and your theories will not affect my diagnosis. i do accept my diagnosis, my actions and their consequences, and i am being treated. i do not accept the connotation and stigma that comes with it, for years people have treated me like a rabid animal after i tell them my diagnosis even if i've known them my whole life. they just hear bpd all of a sudden i'm like a serial killer or something. if i told people i get angry sometimes because i have brain cancer i highly doubt that people would still treat me like that. i didn't choose to have bpd, it is an illness that is out of my control, just like cancer would be if i had it. unfortunately people don't seem to understand that, they don't realize i have as little control over having extreme emotions and impulses as i would have over sprouting cancer cells. yes, i can learn to not act on these impulses, and i am learning, but it takes time and can be just as difficult to treat as any other illness out there. also i never said a bpd cant harm their kid, i think they're equally capable and likely of doing so as any other human being. a bpd diagnosis is not synonymous with child abuser. and deep down i know its right? being labeled as an abusive monster is right? i'm clingy, i get angry, i hurt myself, i do drugs. i must deserve a label that will immediately destroy my social life and alienate me from "mentally healthy" people including my own family. yeah, seems about right to me.
t3_3gqvxd-t1_cu0ngrm-cu0qfut	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	or maybe she has undiagnosed dyslexia, a sensory processing disorder, or part of her brain missing from that tumor she had removed when she was 9 years old.  why does everyone have to be so mean?
t3_u8sla-t3_u8sla-c4te1eb	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	congrats on your recovery. i have a friend who also has inoperable brain cancer and he has a weird growth on his head that the doctors are absolutely baffled by. we are in houston tx which is hands down the best place in the world for cancer treatment last i heard, so that growth on his head is definitely... curious. the doctors are afraid to touch it, or operate on it. any ideas what it might be from your own personal experience? he has been living with this for a couple of years now and they don't know if it is fatal - we don't think it is at this point as he takes no chemo or any sort of medication.
t3_3rdcf0-t1_cwn0grp-cwn1amj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what if she develops a physical problem that is out of her control that causes her to cheat or gain weight? like an inoperable tumor on her brain that makes it to where she can't resist putting things in her mouth, like tacos or penises.
t3_qt8gv-t1_c40eecr-c40f9rf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's not necessarily true. my aunt won't go within ten feet of a dog, not even my 30 pound welsh terrier. when she was younger an akita attacked her and ripped right through her nose. she and my grandparents later learned it had a brain tumor and it was put down.  i hate cats because of every cat i've met, excluding one. i have only met one cat that wasn't wholly unpleasant.  edit: i accidentally a word.
t3_31uec9-t3_31uec9-cq56eav	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5002	i don't understand it either. my grandma is like 90% blind. she had one brain tumor on her optic nerve about 25 years ago. she now has another one growing on the other optic nerve. she applied for disability back when she first lost her sight and was denied.   she such a badass, though. she's only gained 5lbs since her wedding day over 50 years ago and she still works. let me say that again. she still works. my grandma is almost 80 years old, blind, and still works cleaning the town bar every single sunday. if my grandma can get off her ass and work to pay her bills, these fat bastards can too.
t3_1z1h02-t1_cfpu0s7-cfpwsuj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7508	yep, happened to me! i got fasciculations, looked it up, and though i had als (after thinking that i had brain cancer, lung cancer, and liver cancer in the preceding months) and  i would test my strength all the time by making sure i could walk on my toes.  then, i would get cramps in my calves because of the tests i did 30, 40, 50 times a day, and then i would get nervous about the cramps (failing to connect it to the tests) and test even more!  this happened at a period where i had a tough run in college.
t3_1onrgl-t1_cctt7rg-ccttont	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes.  really.  scientific literacy has nothing to do with how well you handle politics, how much you know about current events, or history.  thank you for practically proving my point.  i have a friend getting their phd in brain cancer stuff.  she's very passionate about politics.  but she knows so little she thought fox was a liberal news source.  i was embarrassed for her.  but she's sit there for hours on end railing on and on about how obama is destroying this country.
t3_3enwpu-t3_3enwpu-cth5o76	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8344	i recently ended a friendship with a girl that lied pathologically for attention. we didn't realize for over a year that almost everything we knew about her was false.   things she told us:  * her parents were alcoholics * her father occasionally abused her mother, but it was never "serious" and we had to promise we wouldn't tell * she won a moderate chunk of money on a scratch lottery ticket * when she was 13, she found her boyfriend when he hung himself * that sex was so painful that she could barely have it with her boyfriend and it took hours, so he was her first since she was too afraid with any other guys she fooled around with * that she had eating disorders in the past  now, these things seem plausible, so we ate it up. then the lies slowly became more and more elaborate.  * she discovered her uncle who just passed away was actually her biological father who raped his sister, impregnated her, and then she died giving birth to my "friend" * she had brain cancer and was on chemo but not "full chemo" since she only took pills every night, and when she showed them to my friend, they were amoxicillin * she had a disease extremely similar to cystic fibrosis because she was "inbred" and went so far as to invite me to doctors appointment with her to get her lungs drained. these appointments were always when i was working. * her father burned her with his lit joints * she had sex with 4 guys in one day after her boyfriend broke up with her * her father raped her and she called the police and they gave him a rape fine, just a small one though so don't worry
t3_t9sjw-t1_c4kwu0q-c4kx3hf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7471	i think that all healing is harmful. "life is suffering". i had brain cancer treated with surgery, many people have died that way. i had to recover for months, but i got better. chiropractic was the same; through treatment, my muscles got stronger and i learned how to be aware of my posture and correct it when i had to. i feel better now for it.   and to clarify, herbs aren't thought to be magical. much the opposite, in fact. a lot of drugs and medicines are similar to compounds found in nature (i.e. ergine, dmt, caffeine, ethanol).
t3_1vsdyl-t3_1vsdyl-cevst2v	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you, bro. i lost my dad to brain cancer 8 years ago. he was only 45 years old. i was devastated and felt like i could do nothing but sit and beg my life not to unravel.
t3_75xo7-t1_c05s1li-c05s4cf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;so if i'm on a waiting list for 5 months when i'm sick how is that better? at least it was free???  the average wait for non emergency hospital treatment under the nhs (for example) is 40-50 days. the current uk goverment's aim is that nobody should wait more than 18 weeks. this is probably moot since i suspect that throughout your posts you have been confusing universal healthcare with "socialized" healthcare and waiting times no doubt vary between the numerous countries that implement universal coverage.  and yes, waiting a little is a small price to pay for never having to worry about the cost of treatment.  &gt;if i have brain cancer and i'm in the uk and have no money - i am basically fucked right?  no the nhs covers everything from ingrown toenails to organ transplants, and unlike the us, ability to pay doesn't come into it.
t3_4awmoe-t3_4awmoe-d14gxdl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's a tumor pressing on her brain that makes her hand go up like that. i was 12 years old at home alone eith my mother having dinner when her left hand started jerking upwards. exactly what happened here eith this woman. this does not bring back good memories.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrua6e	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have brain cancer so the symptoms and the definition of survivorship are a little bit different for me because my cancer can't be completely cured yet.  it can be treated with surgery, radiation, and chemo but those are only to stop it from growing or hopefully make it recede.  i've done all 3 of those, some twice, and i'm expecting to have to do all 3 again in the future.  it hasn't receded yet but so far it hasn't grown much in 4 years.  as for the answer to the question, mine isn't quite as spectacular as some i guess. for a few months i would fall asleep with this horrible feeling of doom.  i'm not religious, but i would lay in bed just praying that i'd wake up in the morning.  one of of those nights i woke up in the middle of the night and i was totally screwed up.  i was stumbling around, grabbing on to the walls for support, really having a tough time doing anything.  i eventually made it to the bathroom where i sat on the toilet for a half hour.    a few weeks later i went on a trip with my dad and on the last night in the hotel the same thing happened.  this time i woke up with my dad and my uncle staring down at me looking very concerned with our hotel door open.  turns out i had a grand mal seizure(the floppy one everyone thinks about when hear seizure) and it woke up my dad.  couple hours later i was being airlifted from nevada to california along with an mri scan that had a walnut sized bright spot on my brain.  i'm very lucky for that because the thing i had a few weeks earlier was also a grand mal seizure.  and it was our last night and i'd be driving 600 miles back to my house that day.  very lucky.  also, i won a small poker tourney for $800 the same night i had my seizure.  proud of that one.  so just the sustained feeling of something being wrong, the doom, is what ended up being how i knew i was sick.  after the surgery i still have focalized seizures that last from 5 mins to 2 hours and it's always by that same sense that lets me know it's about to start.
t3_1pjfx7-t1_cd37hlc-cd4y88i	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	when i was 10 my grandma got all of the above. a tumor on her frontal lobe paired with a fall that completely knocked out all sense of taste and smell was basically going to do her in. my mom and her siblings decided to go for the whole nine yards. she had 9 weeks of chemo and radiation to try to kill it, which did no good. she was given the option to die very soon or to have brain surgery. she chose brain surgery. she lived another two months. it was one case where nothing could have helped.
t3_mv6wj-t3_mv6wj-c346wpn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6685	my cousin.  she's 40 something now.  a few years back, she divorced her husband (who she was verbally abusive towards) because he got brain cancer and could no longer work (she did not have a job).  she got my grandma to take her in by telling her that her husband hit her (which he did not).  once moving in with my grandma, my cousin stole money from her for about 3 years.  she redecorated the house without even asking to change anything, then complained when she still had to get a job.  she got her first job at 39, working at a panera bread.  she was later fired from that job for refusing to stand while working.  later, when my grandma died, my cousin assumed that she would get the house.  when my dad and aunt sat her down and told her she would have to leave, she complained about how no one gave her any notice to find a new place.  since my grandma's death, she has moved away from that area and if i ever see her again i will beat the living shit out of her.  no one fucks with my family, especially someone who does not know what it's like to be an adult
t3_x76im-t3_x76im-c5js7rf	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6646	my niece kellie was 12 when she was diagnosed with a very rare non-operational brain tumor that was located on her brain stem. she was rushed to a children's hospital where she went through an operation to insert a shunt to relieve the fluid in her brain that the tumor was causing to "lake" up. due to a weak blood vessel in the tumor bursting after surgery, kellie slipped into a coma like state.  this was a great shock to my family because she was a perfectly healthy girl up to that point.  kellie fought hard for several months before she passed, but never woke up from the coma.  she was such a happy and kind person--she even was cracking jokes to make her parents feel better before being wheeled into surgery.  [i miss her terribly](http://i.imgur.com/qdkoh.jpg).
t3_12xz3w-t3_12xz3w-c6z5j9l	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so hard to jerk.  :c  my 16 year old sister's brain tumor just came back.  she only had 5 months of being able to eat solid food and being able to grow her hair back.  this person has no empathy.
t3_202t9l-t3_202t9l-cg0kq6y	brain_cancer	relevant	0.8064	i read below that she is in end of life care, so as someone who went through something similar with my mother, who passed away from an aggressive brain tumor 8 years ago, here is what helped me.  just be there for her as much as you can, and try reminding her where she is, who you are, and how you are related to her if she seems confused. i know it is hard, but you can only imagine how scary it must seem to not know where you are and who is talking to you. my mother's memory got worse too, and sometimes she would remember things and sometimes she wouldn't. if you can, try just talking to her about good memories you've had. please, keep in mind that this isn't her fault and that stupid tumor(s) is just eating her memory away. i know i was very frustrated at my mother, i mean, how could she forget her own 23 year old daughter? where was her fight and her desire?? but as she got worse, i began to realize that the tumors were making her not herself anymore, and i shouldn't be angry at that.  i'd recommend looking into support groups for caregivers or loved ones with cancer, and if that day comes (i hope it may not) please seek out grief counseling and/or therapy. i hope that helps a bit, and if you need to talk please feel free to send me a message anytime.
t3_45wzwa-t3_45wzwa-d00rqdv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what helped a little for me was the fact that i probably don't have all the types of cancer i think i do. if i had brain cancer and bone cancer and eye cancer like i think i do, then i'd probably be in much more pain and feeling way more effects.
t3_4cpooh-t3_4cpooh-d1kdfg2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**1.which country are you working in?**  united states  **2.how did you become interested in the industry?**  i had 6 family members with lung to brain cancer while i was in my teens. watching them repeatedly hospitalized (and sometimes treated poorly) made me want to be able to help.  **3.do you think your job is very demanding (both physically and mentally)?**  anyone who says otherwise is either full of it or has an exceptional employer. we are one of the top injured jobs, right behind firefighters. most injuries occur because of the amount of lifting we are required to do.  mentally, of course. your job is oftentimes to do everything in your power to keep someone from dying; that can really weigh on a person (especially when the person you're trying to keep alive is also an asshole to you all day).  **4.would you be scared to work in hospital if there is a breakout of infectious disease (eg. ebola, sars)?**  i'd be more afraid of it because of how the media and the hospitals treated the nurses in tx during the ebola scare, and not because of the actual illnesses themselves.   **5.how do you maintain a good work-life balance (because nurses need to work long time most of the days)?**  here, most hospital nurses work 3 days a week. yes, they are long days, but i maintain work-life balance by having 4 days off a week. i also don't take jobs that have high weekend and holiday commitments, because those are when i tend to see my family, and family is incredibly important to me.
t3_u8sla-t1_c4taaz7-c4takcs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6625	i have a stage iii oligodendroglioma. from what i've read they're very slow growing and not known to be metastatic (spread). when i was diagnosed my doctor told me i had the "best" kind due to its nature. i still laugh about that. i'm a sucker for irony.  i did a bunch of research and i found it to be too depressing. i just let my doctor do his thing. i have an mri every 3 months and he tells me what it's doing (so far: nothing. which is good.)  my love life was already fairly complicated before all this happened. i was seeing someone for a few months but we broke up about a 6 weeks after this happened (we're still friends though).  a week before i was rekindling something with my high school sweetheart (we were on and off for 7 years almost), we had gone out to see the grinch musical (her favorite dr suess character) in december 2010. we were just hanging out and being friends at the time. it seemed like we were going to get back together (as had been our habit/pattern over the time we had known each other).   the day before my seizure i got back together with an ex-girlfriend, we'll call her d.  d and i dated from july 2009 to may 2010, and we were on and off after she cheated on me in february 2010 (after we had a fight), we stayed together but were constantly fighting most of our relationship anyway. it was toxic to say the least).  during this time i was experience mood swings and was anxious. i want to contribute part of this to the fact that i had brain tumor in my left frontal lobe i didn't know about and i couldn't really compensate for an issue i didn't know anything about.  when i woke from my coma i had lost my memory of the previous few weeks, my last really clear memory was january 1st, and i did a polar bear dip on new years day. this particular ex, we had gone out a few times as well before and i was falling in love with her again, wanting to forgive and all that. i woke up and found out she had been contacting my family and friends and i had no idea why. i freaked out and told her to leave me alone.   it took about 4 months for my memory to fully comeback and we had actually gotten back together two days before my seizure. i got back with my on again/off again and that didn't last long before i finally made the decision to break the cycle of breaking up and getting back together, because i honestly didn't see us getting married. we're still really good friends. d and i don't talk anymore.   i've dated a few girls since, and i don't like mentioning it but sometimes the conversation just kind of goes that way "so why did you take 2 years off school instead of just 1?" is a pretty good segway into that.  but to be honest, i have no idea how to bring people into this crazy situation. dating was difficult before and it seems like its even harder now. or maybe its the exact same. i don't know.  one girl i dated i met while i was actually cycling on temodar while i was out for a friend's birthday, it was getting time for me to take my meds and i had to excuse myself. she asked why and it was pretty awkward.  i really shouldn't have been dating anyone while i was going through treatment, to be quite honest.   i've had good reactions to the "i have incurable brain cancer" line, as in they still continue to act like girls and be wishy-washy and play games. i try to avoid girls like that now anyway. focusing more on quality of a person. dating is all about meeting the "right" girl. so it's pretty easy to filter through all the wrong ones.  **but** i suppose this is just part of what i'm doing to be a better person. i was a jerk and didn't live to my fullest, now i've been giving the opportunity to be the person i want to be, so that's what i'm doing. i approach things with patience and understanding, and give people enough space to still be themselves. i think my problem has just been meeting people who aren't in a place to settle down and date seriously, while that is the way i approach potential girlfriends. i don't want flings and i want commitment. it's not easy.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jnyzq	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5937	my aunt was diagnosed with brain cancer several years ago, and she is now perfectly fine. the chances were much slimmer than yours and she pulled through just fine. you'll do great!
t3_3nk9j3-t1_cvoxy8r-cvp07xb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5984	what kind was your dad's? my mom has glioblastoma multiforme (which is grade 4). she was given 1 year and we're 5 months in.
t3_3x40qj-t1_cy1bo0x-cy1cug8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; the emergency department?  haha... i've considered it, but that shit's expensive (i'm not going to meet the deductible on my insurance since i started my job so late in the year).  on the other hand, the more i listen to dr. google, the more convinced i am that i have either brain cancer or a fungus growing in my sinuses.  i've called a couple other doctors but i guess i'll try more.  thanks for responding.
t3_17nuua-t1_c877nln-c8795xc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7612	that's pretty awesome. my mother was an ocn and passed after a 5 year fight against brain cancer almost 3 years ago. she was armed with her knowledge and experience to fight her own battle, and you'll come prepared with your own to help others!
t3_25lj5f-t3_25lj5f-chidm2i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.504	i have a nephew with brain cancer that sporadically has seizures. fortunately i just moved about a half-mile away from my sister and brother-in-law which led me to create this special case sleepmode that might help in your case. first i create a profile for *sleepmode*      contexts: face down and charging *(activates passively, regardless of time you're actually sleeping)*      tasks: silent mode on, variable set %sleepmode = on  second profile for *shout text*      contexts: state %sleepmode = on, event received text any content: "\*#shout\*"      tasks: media volume 15, beep frequency 8000 duration 9000, var set %shouttext to %smsrb, var split %shouttext splitter #shout, say "text from %smsrn . the message says... %shouttext1 %shouttext2" speed 3  so, this will technically allow anyone who puts "#shout" in their text to activate the annoying beep and reading of text message. not super complex and it definitely could use some tuning, but it works fine for my uses. hope it helps you!
t3_trhc-t1_ctsan-ctsf1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; those aren't reasons to ignore his potential contributions to society at all. can you really not see that?  which ones? his illiterate and uninspired motivational speechs to sleeping 5th graders in inner city schools? (never mind the message to them that to get out of a murder rap, you just have to pretend to *change*)  or as another cog in the great american economy as he turns $5.15 of raw, stupid, human labor into value-added french fries, raising the standard of living for all of our citizens?  but let's suppose for a moment he really can contribute. let's say he has the goddamned cure for cancer, and he's such a fucking genius that even if we're willing to wait another thousand years, only he could invent it. and to make it better, me, yours truly, i have terminal brain cancer with 2 weeks to live.   even then.  i would rather die than to give him a free homocide. and i'm only assuming he gets the one free. truth told, anyone with contributions that we just can't live without, they could become tyrants. because if their contribution is so incredibly important, what's another stomped bum?  &gt; without being punished at all, yes.  your punishment defies common sense. it either means lowering all punishments to be rightfully lesser than his, even grievous ones like child rape or assaults that leave someone a quadraplegic, or making the damn sentences even more absurdly arbitrary than they already are. it's too long a time to keep him from becoming an even bigger lowlife when he's being taught by other murderers how to do it right, or too short to keep him from killing another.  &gt; without the opportunity to learn from their mistakes, yes.  how much fucking learning does it take to know not to kill other people? it is something you understand implicitly, or something you never have. most never do "learn" this... we're just lucky that they're too timid or lazy or too whatever.  &gt; if you can't argue against something, call it "goofy"? grow up.  game theory is pretty goofy. who wants a game theorist to be nice to you? it's pretty obviously calculated... they want something in return.
t3_2sphuj-t1_cns2xuc-cnsfzy2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	awesome charity choice! my mom had a slow growing non-cancerous tumor on her brain stem that left her constantly convinced that she had a sinus infection.   she nearly died having it removed but she does feel so much better now. i'm glad that yours had a positive ending as well.
t3_2ckjcr-t3_2ckjcr-cjh73n5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, i guess i should respond as well. my name is ryan and i am 21 years old. although it's such a simple name, it is a pain for me to say. i can never get past the "y" with ease. i have stuttered since i was 9 and do not personally know anyone else who stutters. when i started stuttering my parents feared i had brain cancer and had me take extensive tests (still have the mris somewhere). thankfully, no cancer. from late elementary school through high school i went to my schools speech therapist but it always seems as though no progress is made. (hell in elementary school i was made to speak in monotone for almost the entire time at school.) i am currently a general employee at hampton inn and am going to college for philosophy and later law. i am about to start my junior year of college and my parents already have me starting to study for the lsat. :p thankfully i have a loving girlfriend of 5 years to deal with everything and am soon going to be moving in with her in our first apartment within the next few days! :)
t3_1uzvhu-t1_cenb5n8-cenbgi9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't get how someone can argue against someone else's wish to die. or deny it. it's their life, their choice. i know if i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer what i would want. i actually find it weird that there is even an argument to it
t3_1j0xq1-t3_1j0xq1-cba00z2	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6701	what was the percentage of risk involved?   my aunt had a brain tumor the doctors tried removing but they fucked it up. they didn't remove it and she lost all movement on the left half of her body. she later died of the tumor and the radiation she was given.
t3_3c5whk-t3_3c5whk-cssjngh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7996	this is a very common thing to fear friend. if you are having these fears just know that it is never to late to ease your fears through religion, i myself don't fear death and i have had brain cancer 4 times
t3_1yw2r9-t3_1yw2r9-cfotsvn	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6528	i had brain cancer when i was younger.  when i slept, my tumor, located in the back of my head between my scull and brain sac, would block the flow of spinal fluid to my brain when i got up in the morning, i would get a rush to my head causing me to throw up.  this is not something that happen everyday, but i do know this shouldn't be considered normal.
t3_s3nh5-t3_s3nh5-c4b4g05	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6568	when i was your age, i had similar experiences of hypersexuality (which has settled into a dominant homosexuality).   your peers are not nice people, if middle-school has not changed much in the past decade. my advice to you is to be direct in conversation about your sexuality if someone confronts you about it. not being sure of your sexuality is uncomfortable, and it's awful to be the topic of gossip, at a middle school nonetheless. however, if you can communicate that you might be gay, that you are experiencing sexuality in new ways (as all pubescent people do), and that the only change has been the public release of this statement about your sexuality.   i also stress that sorrow, personal stress and bullying are common among many people in secondary education. these aspects of life do not fade as you grow older. on the contrary, you have the opportunity and insight granted by this bizarre and disrespectful leak of information to gain information about society that your peers may never quite understand. whenever i feel frustrated, whether for academic, personal, social or reasons, i turn to myself and realize that in the worst of all possible worlds, i would not be in any control of my situation, and that the control i find (through relaxation, introspection) empowers me not only to accept the state of reality as it is, but to make the changes i can make to establish a more comfortable environment for myself and those around me. when i had brain cancer last year, i faced many uncertainties and had no control over the outcome of my illness and surgery (fortunately, it was a good one. i'm very healthy now), i realized that what i could do was comfort my family and my friends.   i think your case is very different from my experience last november, but in a way, you have a similar opportunity. you may not have control over your sexuality, and you may not even know what it is yet, but you do have the entire remainder of your personality, your past, your body, your mind, and these can all be tools to help show that you are comfortable without an absolute answer. if your peers see you behaving comfortably (not necessarily 'normally'), they will back down. they probably haven't done much in the realm of introspection, and this little head-start could bring you very far.  i really hope you can see the light
t3_2qtzhs-t3_2qtzhs-cna2btm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	was in the car with my stepmom and my best friend and his mother. i had been hearing the words "brain cancer" a lot lately, and when my friend said something stupid, i said "what, do you have brain cancer or something?"     his mom had brain cancer. that's why i had been hearing it a lot.
t3_4ug8vw-t1_d5pnlbn-d5r2hq8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there are two key metrics we should use when evaluating any treatment: efficacy and risk.  chiropractic's efficacy,  specifically its long term efficacy when compared to bed rest or ibuprofen, is sketchy because it's not a real medicine and isn't regulated by actual medical science, where you would have to prove in repeated random controlled, blind, studies, that it was statistically more effective than bed rest and placebo.  however, if efficacy was the only problem then you would only be wasting your money.  the real problem with chiropractors is risk. if i said to you "i can fix your back, but there is a 1 in 1000 chance i'll give you brain damage" what would you choose?  two examples:  let's say i'm selling a headache pill and it works every time, but 1% of the people who take it end up dying a week later, well then that headache pill clearly isn't worth the risk.  what if i have a pill that cures brain cancer 99% of the time, but 1% of the people that take it end up dying within the week as a result of taking the pill. well, in light of the severity of the cancer, the efficacy of the treatment, and the risk involved, it is probably worth taking. (i believe this would still be controversial)  chiropractic is like a pill for back ache that has short term benefits 30% of the time, and 1% of the time results in serious long term disability. but the real problem is that because chiropractic is not a proper medical science, they are not doing the studies they would have to do in order to prove that i'm not just making those numbers up... (my numbers are about as scientifically accurate as theirs though).  the studies the chiropractic industry do do are not done properly, and meta analysis of the chiropractic studies shows that it is very seldom any better than taking an ibuprofen and going to bed, and sometimes can be very very very bad... we just don't know how bad.
t3_28ywrs-t1_cifuxrl-cifwaay	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i get that. that makes a lot of sense. but if it is ms, it might be very manageable. my father's cousin has ms and i didn't even know until he told me after i was diagnosed. she has two kids, a career, a husband, and overall lives a very normal life. with treatment, its not necessarily the end of the world.   the first thing the doctor told me was to stay of wikipedia. she said that's its full of misinformation and will scare me for no reason. she said to use the nih site for additional information. if it were me, i'd be more scared to not know. i'd convinced myself i had brain cancer by the time they told me ms.
t3_3iot6t-t1_cuid4w6-cuimjnw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; no, a terminal illness diagnosis is practically everyone here's wish come true, despite the pain involved in the latter stages.  sometimes i amuse myself by imagining what the doctor's reaction would be when he tells me i have terminal brain cancer and have six months to live, and i'm through the roof with joy. i'm already a paying member of dignitas so i'd get right on the phone with them.
t3_2p8u56-t3_2p8u56-cmvauri	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6735	this is literally my first time reading this sub, and i'm glad i did. i can 100% relate to exactly what you're going through. same pain, same weightloss, work stress, etc. add onto that, i'm constantly half convinced i have brain cancer because of migraines and small hallucinations - reading things wrong, seeing things out of the corner of my eye, etc. rationally, i understand that this is all due to a lot of factors - my neck being out of alignment, stress, fatigue from work and 4-6 day per week exercise regimen with newly added running, and the fact my diet fluctuates a great deal. i even had a stomach bug that left my stomach upset and narrowed stool for almost two weeks; i was convinced i had colon cancer. everything's better now, but there's a constant anxiety about my health. it's ruining me, yet i'm in the best shape of my life.
t3_4c5ta9-t3_4c5ta9-d1fci7f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was helping my grandmother clean her attic and come across a box with old legal papers, i'm a nosey little shit so i take a break and read through them. found a document adopting her 4 kids out to a family, her reasoning was she had a fatal brain tumor. thought this was weird so i kept digging. found another document where she took the family to court to get her kids back, had to confess the brain tumor was a lie and she did it because the man she was with didn't want kids.   the reason she took the family to court to get her kids back: the adoptive father was habitually molesting them, including my uncle. she apparently found out because my grandmother and her new man were living close enough that my mom ran away from her adoptive parents to my grandmothers house and told her everything. it's hard pretending you don't know...
t3_17btsc-t3_17btsc-c8425b0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had brain cancer once. this means all kinds of complications. my heart has stopped more then one time. once it happened on an island 45 minuets from main land. thankfully my mom knew cpr.
t3_1wzkea-t3_1wzkea-cf6s162	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer 5 years ago, it was completely devastating - i wanted to be left alone, and kept going through my mind how unfair it was. but then, my family and friends were there, and were willing to do what it takes to make my last days the best ones. i was hesitant at first, but gave in, and started to feel alive again. sure, there was the pains of going through chemo, and constantly feeling like crap, but i don't remember them as well as movie nights, road trips, and silly family time. we worked through my "life bucket list", which is surprisingly short when you put your mind to it. anyways, miraculously, i beat the brain cancer, and here i am today. i still cope with the feeling of being a burden on my friends and family, but i know that they know that being together is the best time of my life!
t3_2yxop0-t1_cpee236-cpeexnm	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7421	don't think like that. i was diagnosed with a form of brain cancer last year, it's gonna kill me eventually but i'm happy as fuck. i survived the unsurvivable, i'm also in full time school and a hopeful applicant for med school. addisons is very survivable with proper medication, it's just a minor failure of the adrenal cortex. being negative will get you nowhere in life, just be happy it was found early and you'll get through it.   edit: i also went through 2 months of dextramethasone which is 20-30x more potent than hydrocortisone to deal with neural oedema following surgery. everything's survivable if you've got the will power.
t3_4jbd12-t1_d35ftvs-d35g2xt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah it all depends on the degrees of the disorder and how it can be treated. and i know my own views are quite extreme in the sense that i can not stand the idea of messing with someone's brain.   if i had brain cancer/a tumor i would rather die than take a knife to it.
t3_4ad2vm-t3_4ad2vm-d106x7c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6764	similar situation: my grandmother called my mother a week after my father died from complications of brain tumor removal surgery. she didn't bother to come to see him even though she knew he was sick, it was life threatening, and he was in hospital. she and my mother had difficulty getting along when he was alive, imagine my mother's reaction when grandma first brings up that she wants my father's truck for my uncle. because, you know, he's now dead and all, so it's okay right?  people are shitty, it hurts worse when it's family.
t3_201rgv-t3_201rgv-cfznf7a	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	on my 18th birthday my best friend was terminally ill with brain cancer and was days away from passing away. do i need to explain what was going through my head?
t3_2yfk2d-t3_2yfk2d-cp9b33e	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6678	probably when i had brain surgery and my skull cut open to remove a lemon sized tumor from my frontal lobe
t3_1wyiss-t3_1wyiss-cf6jbuk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my heart's holding up. my brain tumor hasn't grown. my first patent is processing. my second patentable project is alive and well. my new wife loves me.
t3_3fmog1-t1_ctq1mi8-ctq1mno	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7619	[**@thooorin**](https://twitter.com/thooorin/)  &gt; [2015-08-03 16:38 utc](https://twitter.com/thooorin/status/628243628901580801)  &gt; only just got back in, but i just checked esl's cs:go rankings and i'm pretty sure i have brain cancer now.  goodnight.  ----  ^this ^message ^was ^created ^by ^a ^bot  [^[contact ^creator]](http://www.np.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=jasie3k&amp;amp;subject=tweetsincommentsbot)[^[source ^code]](https://github.com/janpetryk/reddit-bot)
t3_3d4vil-t3_3d4vil-ct1vzit	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my ngrandmother cut my aunt and my uncle (her step-kids) out of her life because they refused to call her mom after she married my grandpa.  note: aunt was in college, married, and living on her own. uncle was just finishing high school, and their bio-mom had died of brain cancer only two years prior to my grandma and grandpa being married.  i mean seriously??? my aunt and uncle are still grieving the woman they've called "mom" their entire lives, they barely know my grandma, and she had the nerve to cut them out over not calling her mom???
t3_u1gfh-t1_c4ricfd-c4rkuiz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my wife and i stayed with our pooch when she was put down (she was 11 - had a tumor on her brain stem).  i put my head on her chest and listened to her heart all the way down.  figured it was the least i could do.
t3_3gnkai-t3_3gnkai-ctzqiuy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't have cancer but my grandma does. she had no idea. i guess one night she started acting really weird, like slow. so my grandpa took her to the hospital and they found a brain tumor. it started in her lungs.
t3_2s5aau-t3_2s5aau-cnmelgl	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5437	hello there, first of all if you think you need therapy or counseling i suggest you seek it. i've been going for a little over six months to both and the meds that they have given me as well as the counseling have helped me get through a though time in my life  i was diagnosed with brain cancer some time last year and could not continue my studies or work i'm still trying to get better and therapy has done a great deal to help to me. i was having very bad anxiety and the medicine that i was prescribed helps regulate that as well as my depression. it's not easy, i still feel lost but the burden is a little lighter. everything counts when you feel the weight of the world on you. best of luck.
t3_3itu5x-t3_3itu5x-cujos2q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"i'm sorry naomi, but you have cancer"  said doctor wrightman. "cancer?  but thats just not possible?"  a smile forming on my lips.  "it's just not possible"  i said staring intently upon his face looking for a break in his grim visage.  "you're really serious aren't you?"  the smiling giving way to a slightly troubled look.  "well it can't be that bad can it?  i mean i feel great."    wrightman shifted uneasily in his chair.  never in all his 74 years had he seen anything like this.  naomi, 26 years old, had suffered from several problems from birth,  she was constantly running to ophthalmologists, immunologists, dermatologists and more.  just last week she had all but crawled out of the doctors office due to the onset of allergy season.  today however she was a radically different person.  her usually red irritated eyes shone their deep, natural green, her large bubble glasses rested in the breast pocket of her shirt, red hair flowing in locks down her back where it usually stayed in a messy ponytail to keep it from the trail of snot and mucus usually adorning her freckle strewn face.  the skin on her arms and legs that was usually adorned with scratches and scabs was completely clear and clean, a feat which wrightman would have bet his own life was impossible after seeing her just 10 days ago when he sent away her samples for testing for a full range of disease.  the small framed girl had changed, she seemed to have put on a great deal of muscle and seems aglow with life, a stark contrast to her usually ill-inclined demeanor.    wrightman straightened up in his chair, realizing the long pause he had taken after her appearance had caught him off guard.  "yes, it appears to be very severe."  not quite knowing how to phrase what he had to say.  "what is it i have then?  lung cancer?  brain cancer?  blood cancer?"  wrightman seemed to squirm in his chair like a slug having salt poured over its whole body, he seemed to lose mass like a pufferfish deflating "all of them" he muttered, barely audible.  i snorted in disbelief "i've known you for a long time doctor, but this is hardly the time for jokes" knowing very well he would never lie about such a thing, however, i hoped that possibly some sort of madness had gripped him so i said it anyway.  "i'm sorry but i don't even know if i could go through all the tests that came back positive in any reasonable amount of time.  you have over 75 different kinds of cancer affecting every part of your body.  seeing how advanced it is they estimate you have about 3 months to live, maybe less.  tears began making headway down my face as i collapsed to the ground.  my whole life i've been sick and now this time there was no last minute procedure, no pills or diet changes.  i was going to die.  i collapsed to the ground and cried, it was all i could do.    i slowly made my way out onto the street, my mind a blur with talk of treatments and prognosis.  it was all a half-hearted attempt at making me feel better about dying, i was sure of that. "i at least hope i keep feeling this good for the last few months, i'd never felt normal but this is pretty close i bet".  in the last few weeks after the test were taken i had been recovering from a rather insidious cold, vomiting cramps, and being sore all over.  after that subsided though i noticed my vision becoming blurry, but as i was going through the drawers looking for the number of my ophthalmologist my heavy glasses slipped off my ears and into the drawer of pens and cluttered paper, in that moment i'd seen clearer that i had in years.  i ran to the window and stared outside, i could see the leaves on the trees!  not just the green blobs that i usually did.  it didn't stop there i noticed i needed less and less allergy medication until i just stopped using it completely.  where i usually needed both arms straining to lift a sack of flour, i could now easily lift it with one hand.  i guess none of it mattered now though, i was dying right when things were turning around, how typical.    as i rounded the corner onto willam cresent i heard a blood curdling scream.  i was frozen, a woman ran up to me and yelled almost incomprehensibly.  my brother!  please you need to help him he got stung by a bee and he is allergic! i don't know how to use him epi-pen please!  can you help?  i had allergies all my life, this was one instance where being a sickly hag was going to be useful.  "yes, i can help, where is he." i asked "over this way!" she yelled with panic on her face as she grabbed me by the hand and led me down an alley.  it never dawned on me until the metal pipe struck me in the back of the head that she could be lying to me.  my brain seemed to go numb and i felt a thousand miles away.  all i could hear was the woman's shrill laugh as she poked fun at me with her accomplice for being so "gullible".  in that moments i knew anger.  it was all i could feel, it was more real to me that the feeling of the cold concrete on my face and the warm blood on my neck.  my whole life i had been beaten down my genetics, disease, and reactions of my body.  these however were people, bad people, even if i couldn't do much i was gonna fight.  in that second i knew i had to fight.  so i lashed out with a blind punch at where i heard the stupid guffaw of the man that had hit me.  a warmth enveloping my hand as it connected with his stomach and pure energy fused with him.  he flew through the air about 5 feet but when he reached the wall on the opposite side of the alley there was nothing but dust to hit the was as he dissolved and was whisked away in the wind.  i stared at my hands in disbelief for a moment, confused but no longer afraid, before fixing my gaze on the woman.  edit - spelling
t3_2m2wlc-t1_cm0mmr5-cm0tqka	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8037	my mom had a brain tumor 7 years ago, and she just found out that her husband has had a mistress for the past 5 years now. that's after he's been emotionally abusive and gaslighting her. it's been a rough revelation for her to suddenly realize that her past 20 years has been everything she's been afraid would happen and more so.
t3_1z35df-t3_1z35df-cfq9t66	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6528	no question, just wanted to send a sincere thank you for what you do. my mom recently passed away from an inoperable brain tumor and was in long term care for her dementia. the amazing people taking care of her were the only thing that made watching her slow decline bearable.
t3_2qokbd-t3_2qokbd-cn81pb1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we call her nanni, and she is legitimately insane, i'm talking looney house. apparently in her younger years she did all these crazy drugs and they are starting to come back to bite her in the butt. anyway, the first time she met my step mom she showed her this rose tattoo on her boob. she told everyone my sister was dying of a brain tumor one time randomly to get attention. she also likes to tell everyone about all the sex she had when she was younger, including complete strangers.
t3_4joq25-t1_d38h0za-d38rxup	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what i call an "urge" has both a mental and physical component. you can feel, somewhere in your body, the desire to smoke. i don't have those anymore. i have silly "thoughts" that flash by, with no feeling or urgency.  in my first year, when i got the urge to smoke, i would first analyze what brought that on. i couldn't always figure it out, but it almost always happened when i was experiencing something for the first few times as a non-smoker. i had learned from the [freedom from nicotine](http://whyquit.com/ffn/index.html) book (chapter 11, subconscious recovery), why this happens. understanding what was happening made a huge difference.   time, by itself, certainly helps, but you can see from the stories of ex-smokers still longing for the drug, that time alone doesn't make the difference. i actively learned about how nicotine addiction had affected my brain and how to undo it. knowledge and attitude are key. whyquit.com, joel spitzer, and allen carr were helpful.  when i hear about long-term ex-smokers longing for a cig, it makes me sad. it doesn't have to be that way. i smoked for 21 years. if i learned tommorow that i had brain cancer and had only a week left to live, smoking would only cross my mind because i'd wonder if my years smoking contributed to it.
t3_1lop2i-t1_cc1hgro-cc1jxgs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mr. doctor. i have a serious question. what part of brain cancer makes the weight gain? that seems like he doubled in 7 months. is it medicine? the steroids he is on? what causes it?
t3_34auow-t3_34auow-cqte3dc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i had brain cancer and 70k, my ass would be on the first plane to colorado where i would consume raw high grade marijuana with the highest content of thc and cannabidiol.  i would research on google which marijuana cannabinoids (compounds found on the plant) have been shown to kill cancer cells the best, i think the best two out of the 70+ are delta-tetrahydrocannabinol (thc) and cannabidiol, those are the two most potent cannabinoids at killing cancer cells.  go to colorado, consume as much raw potent cancer fighting marijuana that you can.
t3_4rdnhl-t1_d50pgm2-d50yyog	brain_cancer	relevant	0.655	it's lovely that your grandmother was able to pass peacefully and painlessly and that you were able to share that moment with her. my great-grandfather passed that way when i was young and i could tell it gave my great-grandmother a profound sense of peace.   my grandmother died before i was born after struggling with cancer for twenty five years. she was forty eight years old. over half of her life had been spent fighting. they told her that her cancer had gone into full remission and that she was cancer free right up until they discovered her brain was riddled with tumors and she was having symptoms similar to alzheimer's. in the end, she was in constant pain, but wasn't conscious enough to know why she was hurting or what was happening to her. she lived in a constant state of fear for the last few months of her life. she didn't know who her daughter was. thought that the people taking care of her were holding her hostage and torturing her.   it took him several years to admit it because he felt guilty for even thinking it, but my grandfather eventually admitted that it was a relief when she finally passed. she'd been suffering for so long and there was so little they could do for her. euthanasia was illegal at the time in the state she lived in. i often feel that it would have saved her and her loved ones so much suffering if they'd been allowed to let her go earlier.
t3_khhz1-t3_khhz1-c2kcll4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a woman who went to our church told everyone she had a brain tumor. she shaved her head, wore a scarf and was always talking about how sick her treatments made her. everyone would bring her meals and take care of her baby so she could rest. later she ended up pregnant with twins and she had to have one aborted because it died. everyone took care of everything for her, cleaning her house, etc. when her husband (he was in the navy) was about to come home from sea she told everyone her cancer was in remission. she still had people helping but mostly because she said her pregnancy was making her sick. she ended up going home to her family and we found out later she never had a brain tumor and she made up having to have the other baby aborted. she also eventually gave up parental rights to both of her kids because "they were too much for her to take care of".
t3_u2flc-t3_u2flc-c6y3pwv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6745	i had a little sophie too but i called her my sophie bear. she was from a kitty mill that was investigated and shut down somewhere in the south. a beautiful maine coon with giant snow feet. she was abandoned by a friend in her apartment after she ran off with some guy. i took her in and cared for her as she was near starving. five years later she started acting odd. couldn't hold her head up or walk straight. i spent thousands of dollars on brain scans only to find out it was a massive tumor  in the center of her brain. the vet was amazed she was alive with all the pressure on her brain stem. she was give only days to live. i was up with her every night. gave her meds three times a day. fed her from a spoon and gave her homemade chicken stock to keep her strength up. i held her every second and laid in my arms every night where i would watch her sleep and hope for just one more day to pamper her. i did everything i could for her but we were fighting a battle we couldn't win. she died in my arms while we watched breakfast at tiffany's 12 weeks after she had been given only days to live. i miss my little girl everyday. i have new kitty now but i still remember, a year later, the love of my little sophie bear and the way she fought to be brave for me.
t3_otrga-t1_c3k5bck-c3kkzjk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my life story really is amazing. i should be dead. when i was eight, i had brain cancer. the tumor was removed, but it was recently told to me by my mother that the neurosurgeon told her i had a zero percent chance to live past thirteen.
t3_dr1qj-t3_dr1qj-c12apqz	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6784	i'll definitely be doing this. it kind of hits close to home for me right now. i have a friend was just diagnosed with brain cancer last week. the tumor is affecting his memory and his ability to walk.
t3_4rye2k-t1_d55cq2h-d55cv8f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're dead wrong and misinformed. the nutrition we receive today is wrong. if you look at the charts comparing sugar consumption from 1770s until now, on average back then they didn't consume more than 5-10 grams of sugar per day, today the average person consumes more than 100-200 grams of sugar per day.  i've been studying nutrition for the past 10 years and have reversed my auto immune disease. i have contact with people who have reversed brain cancer and are now working with doctors and researchers to change nutrition and come up with metabolic therapies for cancer.  you, like the average person, has been fed lies, because of the doctor ancel keys who was paid for by sugar and corn industries in the 1950s to come up with a bogus study saying fat leads to heart attacks which started the low fat movement.
t3_42kax4-t3_42kax4-czb775s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i didn't develop an interest in other guys until i was 16, which came as a serious shock because it was something completely unfamiliar to me. i seriously thought i had brain cancer or something at first, but i eventually got used to the idea.
t3_3pftfx-t3_3pftfx-cw68pi0	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5848	at first we thought my mum was depressed. she was tired all the time. she didn't feel like doing things any more. she couldn't go to work. she went to a psychiatrist and was on anti-depressents. then she couldn't remember things very well. she would get angry at us that she missed appointments when none were scheduled. the day we called an ambulance she couldn't get out of bed and could barely speak.  it was brain cancer. grade 4 glioblastoma multiform.   she died 2 months after diagnosis. we never saw it coming.
t3_kti2u-t1_c2n5an9-c2n6p9s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry for your loss.  i had a friend pass away due to brain cancer.   at his wake, i met his ultra religious aunt (who was dressed like a jedi...long story) who said verbatim, "todd is in hell and cancer was gods way of punishing him."  i've never wanted to punch a woman so badly in my life...
t3_4wtrtn-t3_4wtrtn-d6ackhf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6636	i'm not sure if i can find it again, but the most heart-wreching i've seen...  there was this girl who i think was posing on /r/relationships maybe?    her first post was her worrying she was going crazy, she was hearing people say things to her that they weren't actually saying, things were happening that weren't happening, and colors were wrong. she was so scared that she was losing her mind she didn't want to go to the doctor because she feared she would be locked up in an institution.    reddit convinced her to go to a doctor so she made an appt, but her boyfriend saw the post and insisted on taking her to the er immediately.    she updated the next day that she had a brain tumor and was going for surgery to get it removed, and although still scared, was very relieved that she wasn't schizophrenic. she promised an update after surgery.    that was like, ~~two years ago~~. 8 months ago   edit: [here's the link](https://www.reddit.com/r/relationships/comments/3u27pp/really_weird_things_are_happening_to_me_22f_not/)
t3_12uvej-t3_12uvej-c6yl1r8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom has told so many family secrets. my dad cheated on her when he moved away for college, my grandpa's biological mom was a prostitute and his biological father cheated so him and his wife "adopted" my grandfather. my great uncle was a horrible bastard when my aunt and mom were younger and was abusive but when he got brain cancer he was literally the nicest man ever. my grandma tried to kill herself but my then 13 year old mother found her. my grandma gave birth to a stillborn so i should have had an uncle...i could go on and on.
t3_11jigq-t1_c6pjo0k-c6pv39s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6509	her name was piper, she was only 9 years old. she had brain cancer and we were going through radiation treatments and all seemed to be going well. then one day she looked a little off and i took her to the vet and 12 hours later i had to put her down because of complications with her gastrosystem. it was the hardest thing i have ever had to due because i was not prepared to deal with it so soon. a healthy boxer can easily live to 12 and i hope you have many happy years left with yours.
t3_34243t-t3_34243t-cqqvnmf	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.738	got cancer for the second time when i was a freshman in college. i had already had brain cancer when i was two but they radiated and chemoed that bad boy to its grave...so we all thought. last year in march i was diagnosed with a renal cell carcinoma. it took me out of half of my freshman and sophomore years and im sill going through treatments at home. ive had to tone a lot of things down and put a bunch of plans on hold but hopefully ill be back at it soon
t3_413nql-t3_413nql-cyztzbw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had brain cancer because i was forgetting so many words and stuff. i realized, after a few years and i didn't die, it wasn't cancer. then i was sure it was alzheimers from working in an aluminum plant.
t3_4d5zxd-t1_d1o5j3s-d1of0w2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i dunno man, if i was diagnosed with brain cancer and my options were either let my wife be in debt for the rest of her life so that i can survive maybe another 5 years, or just get it over with and let her move forward with at the very least some semblance of financial security and a chance to find someone new who will love her while we're still young, i'd probably just shoot myself for her sake.
t3_19wmu7-t3_19wmu7-c8sdypr	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6638	i have a friend with brain cancer who also happens to be a coworker.  a few weeks ago, he had surgery.  the night before his surgery, i had a dream he came into my lab and was chatting normally.  i felt this great sense of joy thinking he was okay.  then i turned towards him to give him a hug and he had no mouth.  his entire face besides his eyes were a blur.
t3_2uhggm-t3_2uhggm-co8g2lx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6619	i have nuero fibro matosis, it's a genetic disorder that affects the nerves, it mainly effects fine motor skills, mine is worse though, mine are also cancerous, i have had brain cancer 4 times, i cope with my faith and my family is very supportive
t3_4sqq66-t1_d5bnzhg-d5btwvg	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7938	same here, not as big nips, but she had to shave them? because she had hairs growing from them. not trolling, this is real. she also had a brain tumor that had surgery when she was young. so that could have affected that?...
t3_15ngk5-t1_c7o4p74-c7o5c6f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but like... couldn't they just fix it so they can at least see? you know? even if i had terminal brain cancer i'd like to be able to look at shit for my last two weeks. maybe the lens takes the brunt of it and the rest is fine? i'm no optometrist. especially not a... nuclear optometrist.   edit: nukethomologist? bombtometrist?
t3_4zu504-t3_4zu504-d6zvy49	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi thanks for so many of you being helpful on here but i am sure some of you have noticed someone calling me a 'leech'. this is hurtful and i do believe everyone is able to have their own thoughts and opinions. obviously not moving is a big deal and posting private information of sorts is not easy. i have personally had radiation to my brain twice here in australia which has lead me to get behind in the educational system. i am a female and i have suffered from a condition called endometriosis and adenomyosis. now for any of you that understand this condition its as painful as stage 4 cancer and believe me suffering with it is has impacted my life a great deal. as has my radiation treatment. my neurosurgeon told me at 16 it would be easier if i had brain cancer to treat me. one of the reasons i am looking to move is because my government is australia only contributes $10 per person for endometriosis. this in many ways shows me my government does not believe in equality. now i am not looking to move to germany and have kids unfortunately with brain it is not something i can do. australia has made the fertility industry private and conditions like endometriosis are something that this private industry abuses. i am not going to go into detail. as per my post i am awaiting a payout from a car accident i suffered from now resulting in thoracic outlet syndrome along with arthritis and a couple of other minor shoulder injuries. i have also gone through a domestically violent relationship whilst going through this. now i am not asking for sympathy. but i do believe that i am should be allowed an education. i am a high achieving student when i am able to have my health at least 80 %. before i do consider moving i will be under surgery to treat my thoracic outlet syndrome. as for the condition with my brain there is no solution as yet. in regards to endometriosis and adenomyosis there is still known cure. but i do have some sinus issues i will be having sorted out. the reason i am looking at  tiny house is to with my moral and also my health i don't want or need huge amounts of space. also being called a leech for things beyond my control is upsetting. i didn't cause any of my health issues. yes i choose a bad relationship that i regret. but it has gone through the courts here and that has been dealt with 18 months ago. i don't see why people have an issue when someone is doing the best they can with what they were given. all i want is to be able to make a difference in the world. i don't see how i can do this when i see so much inequality in my own country. when my values are represented somewhere else. and lastly if anyone posts on here against aaron swartz and what he believed in.you will be reported and blocked, no exceptions. he was a creator of reddit and someone who i admire deeply because of the changes he made in todays world. he like several others on the internet believe that those in poverty (which i am in at this moment waiting for this legal issue and surgery to be done) or dealing with inequality should not be denied access to education. so anyone waiting to tell me i have right to move and become part of a different society don't bother with your posts. you are stopping the world and our culture from changing and making this the planet we all need it to be!
t3_34p7eu-t1_cqxet9g-cqxu1ok	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	chemo brain* yea i had brain cancer a few years back and i got chemo and full craniospinal radiation so that just makes it worse. i realised lately that my recent issues with mental function are probably chemo brain and i just started crying to my girlfriend
t3_3z0uz0-t3_3z0uz0-cyibe5x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been there, don't worry though it comes and goes. coffee helps. i find that at my most depressed i'll lose my cognitive edge, but it always comes back. unless you have a brain tumor or alzheimers your mental abilities won't deteriorate for a long time.
t3_1mtotq-t1_cccts23-cccwr23	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	then post it when you post an argument. i'm not going to do your research for you. you make a point, back your points up.  also http://jnci.oxfordjournals.org/content/90/19/1440.full  &gt; vehicles and public indoor settings did not represent an important source of ets exposure  and this is off a paper. instead of shitting webmd which tells me i have skin, brain cancer and diabetes at the same time.  the amount of risk raised to me does not justify a ban
t3_ovpaz-t3_ovpaz-c3ki12c	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it could be tmj. i have that and i thought it was brain cancer because of the sharp pains inside my ear. turns out it was just my jaw being all crazy or something. cool story.
t3_3c8148-t3_3c8148-cst9yc8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8073	my therapist thinks my nmom had munchausen's as well as npd and bpd. she is of the if you have a headache she has a brain tumor camp. one of our last phone conversations involved her going on for like 15 minutes about a lump under her chin the size of a lemon. she's at the dr 2-3x a week for all her different maladies. once her blood oxygen was so low they put her on a tank and she still couldn't keep her levels up. the dr found out she was overdosing her benzos right before she was checking her blood oxygen level, and that she was making it low on purpose. she told me "that fucking quack is trying to kill me! he's taking my oxygen." good grief.
t3_15rytb-t1_c7pg4xg-c7pvrmc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, my head, my broken brain! i thought i had brain cancer when my hashi's flared this summer! i knew my brain wasn't working! the endocrinologist knew nothing about hashi's! crazy! he dealt with diabetes, and even tho he was supposed to know all of the glandular diseases, he just was incompetent with the hashi's. it's a little better now on synthroid for four months, but i'm still not sure i will ever get the brain power back that i lost. i'm so angry the doctors didn't put it together and take an anti-body test 12 years ago! i currently work with my gp for my thyroid. she actually is studying hashi's to be my advocate, because i asked her to. what more could i ask for?! i'm trying to get the word out, if you're interested, here is my testimony: http://www.youtube.com/user/chellereport still, i wish you continued healing, and peace-&lt;3
t3_2rv4af-t3_2rv4af-cnjqiw0	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	**tl;dr: i was a minor who didn't want to have chemotherapy, but it saved my life.**  this is quite the difficult situation because at which point does the government have any right to say what a person does or doesn't do to their own body. i am conflicted as i hold two views that contradict each other.  i was diagnosed with brain cancer almost twenty years ago. i was a minor and my family made the choice for me that chemotherapy (along with surgeries) were the best option for me. as a teen i objected to having these chemicals in my body, especially after the first week when the side effects came into play. if you had asked me at any time during those two years if i would rather have it all stop and just live out whatever life i had left i would have given the same answer as this young woman. i'd also be dead. every treatment i had only hardened my view, i felt as though i was being tortured. i had no joy in life, and i honestly wanted to die just to avoid future pain and sickness.  looking back at it these years later i don't understand my own logic. if i were to be sick again i hope that i would now do anything and everything possible to stay alive, but i won't know unless it happens.  i honestly don't think she is mature enough to understand the choice she and her family are making. yes chemo is literally going to poison her body and she will hate every waking moment of it, but she has a chance to live a full life afterwards (85% right?). what solidifies things for me in this instance is how much better the drugs are. there are less side effects (both short and long term) than even five years ago.  i'd rather that she live to be an old fart like myself and be able to look back at the horrible times than to lose her life because she and or her guardians aren't capable of making an informed decision. but at the same time i support a person's right to die. like i said, i am conflicted.
t3_2o6si2-t3_2o6si2-cmkd5ty	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, sleep apnea isn't one of the things you can get a card for.  [source](http://www2.illinois.gov/gov/mcpp/documents/dph%20faq.pdf)  qualifying debilitating medical conditions what debilitating medical conditions make a patient eligible for the program?   acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (aids)   agitation of alzheimer's disease   amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (als)   arnold-chiari malformation and syringomelia   cachexia/wasting syndrome   cancer   causalgia   chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy   crohn's disease   crps (complex regional pain syndromes type ii)   dystonia   fibromyalgia (severe)   fibrous dysplasia   glaucoma   hepatitis c   human immunodeficiency virus (hiv)   hydrocephalus   interstitial cystitis   lupus   multiple sclerosis   muscular dystrophy   myasthenia gravis   myoclonus   nail-patella syndrome   neurofibromatosis   parkinson's disease   post-concussion syndrome   rsd (complex regional pain syndromes type i)   residual limb pain   rheumatoid arthritis (ra)   seizures, including those characteristic of epilepsy (starting january 1, 2015)   sjogren's syndrome   spinal cord disease, including, but not limited to, arachnoiditis, tarlov cysts, hydromyelia,  syringomyelia   spinal cord injury   spinocerebellar ataxia (sca)   tourettes syndrome   traumatic brain injury (tbi)
t3_36pds2-t1_crfyt68-crfz3d3	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5084	i really wasn't trying to be offensive, i  have a close relative with brain cancer, i only compare it to that because once they are off they will always have to be cautious of it.  they really are sick, i know it's initially self induced, but something drove them to that "depression, anxiety etc" and it's so addicting that getting off of so hard. they say some of the stuff now changes your chemical make up in that brain.. that one hit and you are addicted.   i mean no disrespect to someone fighting cancer and you are right it's different.  i just mean it's a serious illness and it's killing a lot of young people.
t3_3t0xw7-t1_cx2cbgo-cx2fire	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6572	st. jude is awesome dude. they saved my sister when she was 7 from a tumor on her brain stem. doctor said it was a million to one odds but my dad said fuck it and paid for everything right there anyways. not only did they save her life but they offered her a job once she finishes school and she now has scholarships in college from it. seriously st. jude deserves every penny donated to them.
t3_3nalmn-t3_3nalmn-cvs7hp7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6589	good that you are thinking about this.  i was diagnosed with gbm at the end of 2011, and at the time my two boys were 14 and 16 - quite a bit older than yours. i talked to people who knew them well (including their teachers) and sought advice from organisations such macmillan in the uk. my husband and i sort of went on the following principles: - we tried to keep things 'normal' and on an even keel at home so they could see that we were coping (which on the whole we were). we kept some discussions private but we did share with them what was going on - that i was unwell, would need an operation, and then that i had brain cancer and this would entail further treatment. we didn't share details such as prognosis because we took the opinion that we really didn't know despite some pretty grim predictions from doctors.  - they did ask questions, and we answered them but someone at the time said to me that kids only ask a question when they are prepared to hear the answer and i found that to be true.  - one very important thing was that in amongst all of this we never promised anything. this was hard because you get used to saying to your kids 'don't worry. it will be allright.' but we were careful not to say this. i think that's a bit of advice that i hear often. all kids are different though/ aren't they? and i'm sure you'll be thinking about that too.
t3_1txdkb-t3_1txdkb-cecdzrq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:  #***confession kid***    &gt;***post title:***  *i still joke about it with friends and call it 'super-cancer'.*   &gt;***top:***  *i believed i had brain cancer because*   &gt;***bottom:***  *a site that allowed me to search up the symptoms of what i 'had' said so.*     [image link^1](http://memedad.com/meme/82067)
t3_xv0wv-t3_xv0wv-c5pxg8i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just want to put my .02 cents in because i went to school for welding engineering when i was twenty-four at twenty-six i had a friend get diagnosed with brain cancer and i took a couple years off, i'm now twenty-eight.  do not take out loans.  one of the biggest regrets i have is taking out student loans.  the reason i never went back to school is because i'm making 80-100k a year as a welder (i was a welder before i went to school for engineering) and i'm still paying off those god damned loans.  if engineering is what you want to pursue by all means go after it but please avoid the student loan pitfall.
t3_4u7y62-t3_4u7y62-d5o86bx	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6567	since we're on the topic of mental health, i wanted to share a quick anecdote of my own. in brief:  * my dad died when i was 15.  * i was made homeless for a short while due to the home life failing after my dad died.  * i lived in a youth refuge * i had a few friends go through major trauma (suicide, rape, assault). i myself was assaulted and attempted suicide. * by the time i was in my 20s i had (undiagnosed) anxiety disorder / depression. it was untreated. * eventually i became agoraphobic. i never left the house. disconnected the phone except to order home delivered food. i didn't check my mail. i didn't go to university or (casual) work.  * it was only when centrelink cut me off for non-attendence that shit really hit the fan and i was seen at a mental health hospital. this would have been ~2008  by 2013 things had turned around:  * i had made a full mental health recover and was working full time. * i actually dropped some work hours to part time, and returned to university.  * i also needed to lose weight due to obesity, so i booked in for a gastric sleeve operation for dec 2014 and started to diet. * and finally i had my sleep issues (narcolepy / sleep aponea) now treated.  and then in nov 2014 i was diagnosed with terminal brain cancer. life expectancy 2-5 years.  what's really surprising about all this is, when people talk to me about my cancer, the often say *"you're handling this very well."* what they don't realise is that the my terminal cancer is not the most stressful part of my life. it was that anxiety / depression. that should tell people more about mental health than anything else. so let me repeat it.  **tl;dr my anxiety disorder / depression was more stressful than my terminal cancer is.**   don't get me wrong. learning you're going to die in (probably) your 30s sucks major balls as well. but on my metric it's about 6/10 maybe 7/10 on a bad day. my depression, at it's worst, was 10/10. this is why people commit suicide. it's unbearable.
t3_34dwgk-t3_34dwgk-cqu00ib	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6638	i used to think the same exact thing when i was in college about 5 years ago. i felt depressed a lot and like you, wasn't going to commit suicide but i'd "joke" about hoping that a bus would just take me out or something i couldn't control would just end it all nice and quick. now i have brain cancer and boy do i feel like an idiot.  now i spend time doing things i procrastinated about doing before, or would never even thought of doing before. i have fun now and now i don't want to die.
t3_1tbeel-t3_1tbeel-ce6f913	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	for what it's worth, i have 3 friends who have had brain cancer and are doing fine.  they went through treatment (chemo, radiation and surgery), and it wasn't easy, i don't want to lie, but they are doing fine now - in complete remission.  i wish you the best, and if you have any questions about radiation, chemo or surgery in general, i'm more than happy to answer them.  (i have a different kind of cancer, but i've been through a lot of treatment, and can answer any questions you have about the patient's journey during it.)  best of luck, and i hope treatment goes well for you.
t3_25ntwu-t1_chj2myr-chj2r2m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6596	i do have a huge heart.  i'm a mother of a gorgeous little redheaded girl, so it's even bigger than before.  i daresay my heart is bigger than the boobs.  i've just learned not to take shit when people hand it to you.  i dealt with it since age 7 years old when i found out i had brain cancer from epilepsy, and i think i've had enough of my fair share of bullying from mentally abusive fucks like him.
t3_4mzvwj-t3_4mzvwj-d3zsjmm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	neiron ball, or jon feliciano. neiron ball was orphaned, and had brain surgery to remove a tumor at 11 years old. jon feliciano was homeless most of his life along with his mother and siblings.
t3_206jh7-t1_cg09bmz-cg306sp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	omg! my mom did the same thing. she called it her "pass outs" and she would only get them when nobody was around. she would just call my grandma all groggy saying that she passed out again. if she "passed out" while people were around, it was always when she was sitting. my mom also has faked cancer before. she went to my workplace and told them all that she had brain cancer and that i was much too busy to take care of her. she didn't and it was awkward as hell to explain that she doesn't have cancer but does have a lot of crazy.
t3_17zvc7-t3_17zvc7-c8ahbva	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just had a dream last night i was diagnosed with brain cancer and had 3 months to live. i went around telling all of my friends. when i woke up, i didn't know if it was real or not. it just hit way too close to home because my cousin does actually have a brain tumor.. :\
t3_438f06-t3_438f06-czgjp8m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	with different usernames i've been on reddit about 3 years now. i do believe this is probably around the 25th time i've read about scientists finding a potential cure for cancer that is working perfectly in trials. if in three years we could find so many different cures why aren't any of them on the cover of time magazine or even a blurb on the nightly news. what is going on? i have a friend whose mother has brain cancer and doesn't have long to live. why the hell aren't we celebrating right now?
t3_2ztk7k-t1_cpm7g6d-cpmebm3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ah, silly webmd:  * when my mom had arm cramps: brain tumor * when my mom had a swollen ankle: brain tumor * when my mom had an unexplained bruise: brain tumor * when my mom had an *actual* brain tumor: depression
t3_4x2a24-t3_4x2a24-d6bwlok	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've never gotten good at coming out. i always blurt out "i'm trans!" sometimes this conveys enough, and i can go from there. sometimes i need to back track a bit. but it's always a conversation starter, and they always know that i'm not trying to slowly get into something grim, like trying to say i have brain cancer or whatever.
t3_162rpt-t3_162rpt-c7sambb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.8039	i worked in a coffee shop that was sort of the alcoholics anonymous/high school kid/old people (60+)/morning people equivalent of a bar. everyone was very social, people hooked up a lot in the bathroom, and one day, someone even snorted lines of coke off of a picture i had put over the toilet. i live in utah, so bar culture isn't very developed. people are uncomfortable with it because they grew up mormon, so coffee shop culture is very vibrant. it's a step towards rebellion, but without fully comitting to instant alcoholism (which is basically what the mormon church says will happen if you take one drink).  in that time, i had a regular customer who died of brain cancer six months after being diagnosed. he was a good man who used to be a porn star in the 70s and had six kids with four different women. we had his funeral at the coffee shop because he donated his body to the huntsman cancer institute. this was the first time his six kids had ever met in person, and it was rough. hearing them all tell stories about their different memories of their father was unbelievably hard. each of them filed in and confided in me during different intervals while i made them all free coffee, and none of them talked to each other or mingled.  another of my regulars had bone cancer in his back. he was a sassy gentleman with shiny fake teeth, a tweed cap, and a pack marlboro reds. he'd tell me stories of his gambling, hustling, and womanizing younger days. he saw sinatra at the sands (i'm kind of obsessed with old blue eyes), and we'd listen to tony bennet, sinatra, and the rat pack in the mornings and sing along together. he told me when his kids (three married daughters in their late twenties early thirties and a teenage son) got on his nerves, he'd pop in the tony bennet duets album and fall back to a simpler time.   the day that he told me about his diagnosis, we just sat in silence and watched the sun come up over the mountains. not a word passed between us after he told me about his diagnosis for almost thirty minutes. eventually, i had to go inside and help my first customer of the day (the old man didn't count. he was there every single day, and he always got his coffee for free). as i was about to close the door behind me, he told me that his seventeen year old son wouldn't have anyone left to take care of him. this man had had an accidental baby when he was fifty, which turned out to be his son -- a good kid, but kind of an underachieving, unemployed guy who smoked a lot of weed and stole money from his dad. i went inside and wept like a baby for an hour.  i have a lot of other stories, but those ones are probably the most heartwrenching, especially because i knew both of these men for years as my regular customers before they passed away. both of them had long, drawn-out, painful deaths, and as a result, i'm no longer working in the coffee shop/bartending business.
t3_tm814-t3_tm814-c4nzi8u	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had brain cancer when i was 19, and had my 12 year cancerversary this year (ie, i'm 31). one of my favorite things is to make cancer jokes around a new acquaintance while my friends who know i had cancer are around. i know it's cruel to enjoy watching them berate me for my insensitivity while everyone else rolls their eyes, but i do. i feel like if chris rock can make black jokes, i can make cancer jokes. *edit: i added an an extra word.
t3_34bxbe-t3_34bxbe-cqthtc5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cried last week. i had to put down my dog which was 10 years old. she had liver cancer and the toxins effected her brain causing her to not walk properly. heart breaking moment was when my dad opened the door and she was on my lap and when he came in , she tried to jump off the lounge but when she did she fell on her back. feels strange without her.....
t3_18uxiv-t1_c8if6ud-c8ijjw4	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	when i was 10 my mum had a brain tumor and it took months for doctors to take her seriously because they couldn't find anything through scans or whatever other methods they were using. she was having random seizures, terrible headaches which brought her to tears and had her rolling on the ground, etc. apparently a few doctors got annoyed that she kept going back, they stopped taking her seriously. eventually, and thankfully, one doctor decided to check again and they found the tumor and had it removed within days. she actually had surgery on my birthday, which was terrifying for a child. i only recently found out that she was a day or so away from dying.  i'm so glad they took another look and didn't just think she was trying to scam them.
t3_uvaqe-t1_c4z5kcb-c4z65h8	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm just saying it happens to some people -- especially those that are already anxious. as someone who is fairly healthy, i get them.  i have to imagine if i had terminal brain cancer it would be much much worse.... of course i could just be imaging that because i'm an individual who already has issues with anxiety and am unable to visualise a situation that would make me less anxious.
t3_3whexb-t3_3whexb-cxw8ytk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7404	it wasn't so much the doctor's fault, but i had a family friend die of brain cancer. i went to see him because i had ringing in my ear; did all the test and talked to him. he just nonchalantly says, "well it could be a tumor, come back in six months and we will see where you are at."  i freaked the fuck out and puked in the parking lot, convinced that i had brain cancer and was going to die; but hey, come back in six months, right? turns out i just have meniere's disease.
t3_2zrxeh-t3_2zrxeh-cpm4wd2	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	a girl in my highschool had a brain tumor and was told she wouldnt live through graduation, after research her dad found some oil(illegaly) and started putting it in her food and what. she graduated 4 years ago and her tumor has nearly disapeared. this treatment deserves a thumbs up 
t3_2s6uro-t1_cnn6s1w-cnn9sni	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was convinced i had brain cancer or alien gestating behind my eyes. and it turned out to be such a simple fix.  i wish you luck.   however the downside is i can't eat pretty much and flavor chip besides salt. lol
t3_11mugg-t1_c6nz8bu-c6nzgj9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7443	oh and about my rat: she was ery weak, did only walked in rounds (constantly the same direction). she was sort of dragging herself forward. she did not eat and drink, she lost a lot of pounds! she also fell from the table, bank, cage you name it.  the vet tought it could have been a tumor in her brain or something like that.. i couldn't wait till she died from dehydration or starvation:(
t3_plu43-t3_plu43-c3qdxnb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6752	hey man, also 19. hodgkins is on both sides of my family, and last november i had brain cancer removed, fully successfully. hospitalization is rough, but truly remarkable in human or technological terms. phenomologically, i was overwhelmed by the support i was met with, from friends, fam
t3_1cif4t-t1_c9gv5fw-c9h9dtj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sometimes i doubt it has anything to do with their lives being miserable. i mean, in the last two years i was diagnosed with brain cancer, became disabled and my mother who took care of me suddenly died of cancer this month and that's just these last two years. i'm miserable in a lot of ways but could never justify being a complete shit to someone i didn't know. he's probably just plain evil. you're probably right about the general population of shitheads though.
t3_z6lle-t1_c61xrhy-c6276dp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7421	&gt;"first post! be gentle! i have stage iv brain cancer and wanted to share with reddit a family photo of me and my two dads shaking hands with ron paul and gaben after rescuing some kittens and puppies from a dumpster during a hailstorm."  ftfy
t3_4svc1p-t3_4svc1p-d5cj2q4	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5205	&gt;recently, i was diagnosed with brain cancer and this made me think more about the possibility of going to hell.  i'm sorry to hear this.  &gt;do you know any good material about why islamic version of hell could not exist  the way we know things exist is to have experience of them with our senses. just because people can make up or imagine a story about something doesn't mean it has any correlation to reality. i can imagine a hell where they only serve ice cream for dessert on mondays and another version of hell where they only serve cookies for dessert on mondays. one of these versions of hell has to be wrong (they are mutually exclusive) but neither has to be right.  the point i'm trying to make is that the people who made up these stories of hell never experienced it. everyone you have ever talked to about hell has no evidence that it exists.   unfortunately you can't prove a negative (in the sense that it can't possibly exist with 100% certainty). here is a talk by the amazing randi explaining that concept with flying reindeer but you can apply that to hell or any other supernatural claim  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qwjtuaezxai  so while we can't prove a thing doesn't exist with 100% certainty we can prove it beyond a reasonable doubt (the criminal standard in the united states) if that's enough to convict a person of a crime, i don't see why we can't use that standard for god or hell.
t3_2ze759-t3_2ze759-cpislh2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my father is a doctor, a rheumatologist. he basically sees elderly people, but this one...  she was insistent that she needed pain medication for her arthritis. cute blonde in her thirties. her hands wouldn't open. she had crazy back spasms. she would "click" her words. my dad decided she was faking it and refused to give her anything. mind you, he's also an err.   she died.  raving, crazy, fucking mad.  throwing  jell-o at gators in the bathroom, three days later. she wasn't hooked on any drugs. he misdiagnosed her. she flayed and danced on his table in a seizure and he couldn't fix her, it broke her neck. she ended up having a brain tumor and that was what caused the seizure and hallucinations.  her sister came in a few minutes later thinking she was visiting a patient with life...    she tried to kill my father with a syringe.  swung it, got his neck, but didn't puncture. he laid her flat (aka knocked her out with a fabulous jaw punch) and calledthe police on staff.  edited: they took the sister to a mental facility, and my dad was assigned to her. he refused.
t3_35rs9x-t3_35rs9x-cr76faq	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6717	i have beaten brain cancer 4 times and the the thing i have found most supportive is just try to stay positive, i know that is difficult at times but she needs to. i did a iama, maybe she can do something like that
t3_13wsz1-t1_c781u0g-c782787	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	my husband's brain tumor was found because he started having horrible headaches and double vision. it was found on jan 5th and jan 9th he had his removed. it was cancerous, but only stage 2 and it has an incredibly low chance of recurrence. until we got his pathology back and i did my own research on the subject i immediately assumed (like most people probably) that brain tumor always equals fairly quick and painful death. 6 months after his surgery and radiation, he was back to work and declared healthy and clear.   tl;dr: brain cancer is scary but it isn't always glioblastoma, and it won't necessarily kill you.
t3_2ztnml-t3_2ztnml-cpml7ul	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7542	so...i'd mostly been costing thru life,  and about 6 months ago my girlfriend/fiance was diagnosed with multiple brain tumors.   i had to start my career early (as in..im still in school studying for it) to help pay her growing medical bills.  before this, programming was just a tool i used to help with my hobbies. (predicting sport outcomes, image processing for making cool images with my telescope... little toys like that) and my schooling had stagnated to the point that i had no real plans of graduating college. the classes had, over time, become filler for my free-time. really i never expected to do anything with computers outside the thick pot-haze of my bedroom.  now, i'm a developer at a very quickly growing local isp, and there's talk coming down the chain of offering me a senior position! she's still very sick..but it kinda surreal to be at a point in my life where im proud of my job and what i do...i was still a clerk at a local pottery shop not even a year ago.  i cried when i got offered this job..i finally had some real hope to support the two of us..that moment right there is a huge part of who i am today.   her condition is kind of fucked up for other reasons too... because before i met her (way before i met her), i told people i had brain cancer for attention. talk about mother fucking karma...it's awful to make someone feel like this if its not real... i really am sck with myself for doing that.   also should help illustrate how far ive really come :) i just wish it didnt  have to take the one two puch of losing love, then finding love, and finding out that next one has tumors to get my head out of my ass.
t3_1kkjyb-t1_cbq4kgl-cbq88a1	brain_cancer	relevant	0.5088	i got told i had brain cancer and stuff. i only got diagnosed so quickly because i did some research and thought it was pots. i made them give me a tilt table test even though they didn't want to.
t3_1vdmit-t3_1vdmit-cerjq3m	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5056	my mom died from brain and lung cancer during my thanksgiving trip to see her this last year. my brother was sitting next to her and holding her hand when i came into the room. i sat down next to him as he shook her arm to try to get her to wake up and breathe. she took her last few breaths and passed away. he kept trying to shake her awake again, even when he knew she was gone. she died with her children by her side, at home, in her own bed.
t3_2co41t-t3_2co41t-cjhd4wx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5182	"are you living, or are you just existing?"   this changed my life, and put into words the changes i was making in my life at that time since i had recently been told my brain cancer that had been dormant for 16 years probably came back at age 18.   "you catch more flies with honey, than you do with vinegar."  i couldn't stand the teacher that said this to me, but as much as it spited me to admit it, she was absolutely right. having a nasty attitude will only make things worse for you in life.
t3_2xqt6l-t3_2xqt6l-cp2jk55	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7826	my mom had brain cancer and started getting confused all the time towards the end. my sister used that to her advantage to convince her that our father was cheating on her and couldn't wait for her to die so he could be with the other woman and that i hated her and was withholding her medicine to make it more painful and kill her faster (both huge lies). she then tried to get mom to sign over her life insurance policies to her. luckily mom was with it enough to not sign over all of her money to my sis, but she was confused enough that she died angry at my dad and i thinking we hated her.
t3_2c9158-t1_cjdgdfe-cjdgwhb	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6759	that's exactly what i am talking about too.  it's an unpopular opinion and will one day probably get me committed, but there are some cases where i'd rather die then be left a cripple permanently or live on machines.  like... say i have brain cancer and they need to remove 3/4 of my brain and i will be able to see and hear everything that happens, but i won't ever be able to move on my own again.  no thanks, i'll take death.  same with a stroke that leaves me in that situation.  being locked in like that is one of my worst nightmares.  or say i get caught in a fire and all four of my limbs are gone and i have burns over the rest of my skin.  i know others have made lives for themselves like that but i don't want to, i'll take death.
t3_4jvrp1-t1_d3a0b49-d3a0dj5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	shittiest part is it's true. my last interactions ever with my mother were watching her slowing wither away as cancer ate thru her body, eventually hitting her brain and making her unable to communicate anymore. things like that make you wish for a quick death.
t3_3t97n0-t3_3t97n0-cx4fbe1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	attraction to other guys (i'm bisexual) was something which developed pretty much overnight when i was 16. i've been told i was just "suppressing" before that, but i've never come up with any memory of having thought or felt anything like that before then, no matter how much i've wracked my brain trying.  it could have been worse. at first, i seriously thought i had brain cancer or something, because it was so totally incongruous compared to anything i'd previously thought or felt. if someone had told me i'd suddenly become possessed, or that aliens had implanted something in my brain, i'd have been *very* prepared to believe them at the time. if i'd been raised to believe there was anything wrong with being bisexual or gay, i'd probably have gone stark raving mad.  as it was, it was just really stressful and disconcerting at first, due to the fact that it started so abruptly. it took me a while to get used to the idea, once i'd figured out it wasn't just some curiosity or passing thing. at the time i also wondered if i was "turning gay," but i've never lost my interest in women, though my attraction to certain other guys revolves around a whole different set of "criteria." (other guys are not surrogate women as far as i'm concerned. if i'm attracted to another dude it's because of who *he* is, and i sure as hell wouldn't want him to be otherwise.)
t3_3p8yru-t1_cw4ks67-cw4nj0w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7567	yes.. i just went through a month-long freak out thinking i have brain cancer. i'd have headaches, dizziness, nausea, ect. so brain cancer made sense in my anxiety ridden mind. but since i've been focused on other things in my life, i haven't had time to think of the symptoms and of course they're gone now. we don't have brain cancer :)
t3_4qmcxo-t1_d4uz8ii-d4uzurp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	have you ever been in that type of situation or even witnessed it? my mother has a brain disease that mimics a brain tumor and if she applies for disability she will get even *less* money than she earns at her job, a job which is the only one she can even work given her awful and debilitating symptoms. this disease flared up after my fathers death (he also managed to wreck a very expensive vehicle and leave us in debt with those payments after his death). she can barely make rent. so please tell me; at what point did she make these "decisions" to put her into this situation?
t3_3cqcag-t3_3cqcag-csxzbsb	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7562	my aunt died when i was 17. she was very religious (catholic) and she found out that her cancer had spread into her brain and basically throughout her body. she took enough pain medicine to not wake up. it was weird, she had everything in her apartment labeled and my mom received a package in the mail from her after she died. my grandma still thinks that the cancer just killed her because she is super catholic too and doesn't want to think of my aunt as killing herself and being in purgatory.
t3_2xpcru-t3_2xpcru-cp2d6xs	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandmother had alzheimer's.  she was a fantastic cook.  it was frustrating because as it took her short term memory, she could remember recipes she had known for 50 years, but couldn't remember if she had added any ingredients when she tried to cook.  my grandpa had a brain tumor around the same time.  he went through radiation and cared for grandma as long as he could before he died.  in sorry you are dealing with this.
t3_1ii3bz-t3_1ii3bz-cb4t9hp	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6625	a coworker of mine at my last job had a brain tumor the size of a grapefruit when she was a young mother. the doctors told her she had a year to live, if she was lucky. she said, "to hell with that, i've got kids to raise!" she is still alive today, helping raise her two beautiful grandchildren. the empty space where the tumor was never went away, she functions 100% normally. only problem she says she has is a hard time retaining things she reads. she is one tough broad, i look up to her so much.
t3_39lzdm-t1_cs4ntgu-cs4tf7e	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i put my dog down when i was in 6th grade. no one else wanted to hold her, so i laid her head in my lap so she wouldn't freak out. she had a brain tumor and it was causing seizures and she went blind because of it. it sucks, but euthanasia really is a kinder choice in many cases. hug
t3_2wiiha-t3_2wiiha-cordesn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	before my friend passed i went to meet with her a month or so before she left. she had a brain tumor at 28, her eyes looked like this.
t3_38tdnd-t3_38tdnd-crxwx1k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5063	one of my high school classmates, who was absolutely the sweetest, kindest girl i have ever met, died of brain cancer my junior year. she had been dealing with tumors in her brain since she was a little girl and had, up to that point, led a pretty normal life. then, one day she just... stopped coming to school. nobody knew exactly why, but it was pretty painfully obvious.  she passed some weeks later and almost my entire class (just over one hundred students) attended her funeral, where one of our teachers conducted the service. it was one of the most heart-wrenching experiences of my life.  i still wish i had taken the time to get to know her better instead being a stupid fucking teenager.  i know right now you're somewhere as beautiful as you were, morgan. we'll never forget you.
t3_3k35lm-t1_cuukpg8-cuusqix	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well that makes me feel a bit less scared then. i've been depressed lately and deal with anxiety. if that is linked to short term memory issues then i won't freak out that i have brain cancer  (as i have health anxiety too) haha
t3_48lytp-t1_d0kvv0k-d0kwzqk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, i smoked every day for about five years but quit at age 23 because i was a totally paranoid, panic-attack controlled recluse. every time i would pass someone in the street i would think they were about to attack me. i would avoid people like the plague and i constantly thought i had brain cancer or some prion disease.   i didn't know if the weed addiction caused the anxiety or the anxiety caused the weed addiction. but after i quit i realize i'm still anxious but not to the borderline psychotic level i was before. i think it's like any drug: you're in pain so you take oxy, then after three years of daily oxy use you're in the same amount of pain normally but in even more pain when you're not on oxy.
t3_29gh20-t1_ciktvws-cil5tly	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	believe it or not, i actually became illiterate for most intents and purposes as a teenager.   i can read signs, reddit posts, facebook posts, advice columns, short articles, multiple choice tests, the tv guide, facebook chats, short essays, stuff like that.   but reading novels, plays, instruction manuals, textbooks, etc. is practically out of the question. it takes me many, many days and is very hard and frustrating. i tried reading the novel *dracula*, for instance, and it took me many hours just to read 3 pages. i also often read a paragraph or a page without actually understanding a single thing about it. i will read the words without comprehending them. this especially happens with old-timey language and long sentences but it happens with modern language and short sentences, too. i can't even read children's books anymore. i recently read two chapters of harry potter and was thrilled. it took me a very long time and i had to take adderall- but i managed it! :d  my ability to read long stuff slowly deteriorated starting in high school and came to an utter standstill when i was college-age. i still can't explain it. at first i believed i had brain cancer or early alzheimer's but my doctors ruled those out. they still haven't found an explanation.
t3_sp1go-t3_sp1go-c4fw9hx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a few years ago, my 75ish year old grandmother was going about her business as usual while my family and i were on vacation in mexico. she was suppose to go meat up with a friend, but that day, our gate refused to open,and she couldn't leave the house. as she got within arm's distance of her phone so she could inform her friend she couldn't go, she suffered a stroke, collapsed, and was almost completely paralyzed. almost immediately, her friend called, and when my grandma picked up, she only responded in gibberish. her friend called 911, and she received medical assistance within 30minuets. she made a full recovery, and proceeded to run a 5k race 8 days later. had the gate opened, she would have had the stroke while driving. had she not been within arms distance of the phone, she wouldn't have been found for days. had her friend hot called when she did, my grandma could have suffered brain damage. had my grandma fallen on the ceramic plate she dropped, she could have gotten seriously cut, but she missed all of the pieces. basically, my grandma is a stroke surviving, 2 time cancer surviving, ex marine badass. now, she is 82, and is still kicking ass and taking names.
t3_44zq0j-t1_czubf57-czv3xfy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom is currently in treatment for breast cancer and melanoma, she finished up chemo in december, doing radiation now. the chemo brain is so real, she will call me and two seconds later cannot remember why she called me or when she calls she tells me something that was meant for one of my sisters. she has put a pot of water onto boil then forgot about it until all the water is gone and the pot is smoking (only one time thank goodness), she loses her keys and phone every day. its much better now but during the 5 months she was getting chemo, it was bad.
t3_179zdv-t1_c83lpdq-c83ufhl	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; epilepsy affects over 3 million americans of all ages  more than multiple sclerosis, cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, and parkinsons disease combined.  &gt; in america, epilepsy is as common as breast cancer, and takes as many lives.  http://www.epilepsy.com/node/986825  although cancer can spread which is more dangerous. it also says roughly 1% of people have epilepsy which is a pretty big chunk of the world. you would think it would receive more funding. some of those stats i find pretty shocking.  your probably right though, that once scientist finally understand how the brain works and functions, epilepsy can be controlled correctly. just seems like it will be way down the road though.
t3_xdyes-t3_xdyes-c5lpbuk	brain_cancer	relevant	0.6818	i have one that affected me and one that affected another.  first, how i affected my grandma.  i was a kid sitting in her lap having a book read to me.  i got up and quickly turned and accidentally elbowed her in the breast.  she cried out and it bruised and i felt really bad for hurting my grandma.  i didn't know, but the bruise lasted for weeks.  she finally got it checked out and they found breast cancer.  it was early enough that they could treat it.  i didn't really realize the impact until many years later as i didn't really know what cancer was.  second, how a random xray tech saved my life.  i was 15 and i was having xrays done before a routine tonsil removal and nasal scraping (i had a layer of skin that kept me from being able to breathe well through my nose).  the xray tech came in and talked to me a little before i saw the doctor.  the pre-surgery appointment was ending and the xray tech came back in and said he saw something that he just had to mention.  there was a tiny(1cm) little bottom of a circle at the top of the xray.  it just stood out to him.  he talked my family into looking more into it and it turned out to be an arachnoid cyst growing between my brain and skull.  it was there since birth and it had kind of deteriorated that part of my skull to the point where it was extremely thin and could crack/break with very little impact.  i had to have immediate brain surgery to remove it.  now 15 years later i have two beautiful daughters and an amazing wife and a huge scar running atop my head from ear to ear to remind me of how short life can be.
t3_3n9vad-t3_3n9vad-cvnh8mk	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iiia grade 3 triple negative breast cancer earlier this year, and i just turned 30. i went through tests, biopsies, and i am currently still going through really aggressive chemo treatments. i got told at the start of august that it had progressed to stage iv, spread into my lymph system and that i'm looking at around 6 months left at best, so this christmas will be my last. i had ignored the signs at first, out of fear mostly. i think back now and wonder if i had seen to it earlier i might have a better chance now.  i've been playing the game since 1.0 alpha access, and for a long time it kept me sane to focus on the game and keep my head in check. my friends in game stood by me, but its been really hard on them. then the time came to start my treatment. unfortunately i had complications with my initial chemotherapy. allergies caused my skin to rupture with boils and i ended up with septicemia, and the resulting fever caused seizures, a coma, and my heart to stop. i was dead for several minutes before they brought me back, and that left me with brain damage that affected my co-ordination, motor skills and my ability to speak properly. playing the game during recovery was difficult, but the focus was helping my brain heal and reconnect the pathways it had lost. i'm still not fantastic and some damage is permanent, and unfortunately it forced me to have to give up raiding, but the game and the people i've met on cerberus saved me from losing all hope.  the following chemotherapy left me with severe neuropathy in my hands. it makes my hands send constant pain signals to my brain even though i'm not injured. this is effectively temporary until a few months after chemo stops, but it won't wear off before my time is up. because of this i'm unable to play the game at all, or even do much of anything. it saddens me to have to leave my friends behind. they've been the backbone of my life since i began playing, but circumstances have forced me to have to let my sub run out and i try and keep in contact with them as much as i can. i won't get to meet any of them in person like i had originally planned (my raid group is closer to a family than just a simple group of gamers) but right now i'm focusing on trying to make it into the new year and celebrate with them online if i do.  why am i saying all of this? story time i suppose, and to help awareness. but mostly to say that before i told anyone, i used to go along and beat this fate every time i knew it was up. i can't beat the fate myself anymore, so i had to say something to say i'm happy that people still are.  get yourselves checked. don't be like me. don't be ignorant, or stubborn, or embarrassed; just get yourself checked or it might be too late.
t3_2vu729-t1_col4ucu-colttx6	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6635	dude, i had a friend in high school who told me she had brain cancer and i actually felt bad for her and fell for the story. after graduation she made it seem like she had surgery and everything, telling everyone she was in a hospital in a state far away and stuff. i came to find out a week ago that she was actually in a psychiatric facility for some kind of personality disorder and she's been lying to garner sympathy for no reason. and the worst part is, my mom was just diagnosed with breast cancer and is going through a lot, so to hear someone lying about going through surgery and chemo and stuff for attention really pisses me off because they don't know how awful it is. and, when i told her my mom had cancer, she just said "that sucks" and proceeded to say how she was just diagnosed with depression and anorexia the day before and verbally attacked me claiming that it was all my fault because i had "low self esteem" and it rubbed off on her causing anorexia and in effect, depression. needless to say, she is no longer my friend.(sorry for the rant)
t3_1jvspl-t1_cbjgawz-cbjlmqe	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know perfectly well what visceral means. my question is totally legit. you don't think people be should be "celebrating" something that is, what i would amount to, an issue of free speech because of your emotional connection to the content.  i have to wonder, would you have had the same reaction if it was about brain cancer and the bracelets said "i love braaaaains" - in order to pick up on the humor of zombies while "raising awareness" (i put "raising awareness" in quotations because that is the stated intent of the bracelets, but i don't know that i believe it is a legitimate  purpose for the campaign).  i understand where they are coming from with the campaign, i don't think it is successful in what they want it to accomplish, but i am not offended by it. boobies is meant to be a silly word, it is clearly not meant to demean or sexualize breast cancer. there are babies onesies with the exact same phrase on them.   granted breast cancer is something that i have always been aware of in my family as my grandmother was afflicted with it twice in her lifetime, once before i was born, and then again in my early twenties when it eventually spread and took her life. i have a specific "cancer" policy supplemental insurance plan because i am aware of what could run in my family.  the campaign is clearly meant to make something that is tragic easier to talk about with young people. it seems immature, because it is. it seems unsuccessful, because it is. but you're inferring intent that isn't there.
t3_3tgd29-t3_3tgd29-cx5y7e5	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not a doctor, but have studied sleep extensively.  it sounds to me like your circadian rhythm is off. your brain does not know when to synthesize and create melatonin. melatonin is a hormone that does amazing things: it makes us sleepy, and it fights cancer, among other things.  150 years ago it would be dark long before 2am, and our brain would juice up the melatonin. now we have man-made lighting, and it throws off a bunch of us. the ama recently linked light with restrained melatonin production - and have linked that with increased cancer risk. breast and prostate cancers, for example. greatest risks:  bright light and light waves in the blue spectrum  a couple of quick thoughts: 1) how dark is your room?  2) how bright is it that last hour or two before going to sleep? 3) you might try different lights, avoiding blue spectrum lights. 4) an hour or two before turning out the lights wear orange- or amber-tinted glasses. they will block blue spectrum lighting, which otherwise messes with circadian rhythms. another tip: try running a fan in your room. do not point it at you, but use it to circulate the air and to make white noise. works for me.  best o' luck!
t3_146tqm-t3_146tqm-c7afkc1	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wife got diagnosed with breast cancer back in march, at about the same time her father got diagnosed with incurable brain cancer. wife is probably going to be ok, we're just waiting for the histology results from the operation after 6 months of chemo. fil probably won't make it much into 2013.  she's going to have to take hormone suppressants for 5 years starting next february, and she is now 37 years old. which means we probably won't get to have our own kids ever.   it's scary.
t3_1otvov-t3_1otvov-ccvqmkv	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6703	this is a terrible story which gave me lots of feels (mostly about hurting his "parents"), however, my husband's first wife died of metastatic breast cancer and it wasn't like this at all. hers was only in her organs but she still wasted away, went into a coma-like state and stayed there for a week before she died.    i understand that all cases are different but if she had brain cancer, it seems unlikely she was coherent up to the day before she died.   obviously, i can't know this, my evidence is anecdotal but these things are progressive, your body wears down slowly until you die so reasonable brain function (enough to talk and text) one day and then dead the next doesn't really make sense. unless she had an aneurism but the doctors predicted her death which means they could see what would occur based on the current progress of her body shutting down.   anybody else have experience with cancer death and how it works? i'd be interested to hear more cases. and to believe this is fake and people like that stepmom don't exist.
t3_3g8bt1-t3_3g8bt1-ctw5vx3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was being shouted at. eyes snapped open, the blinds north of my sights indicated it wasn't even daybreak. my father loomed overhead.   "get up!" he growled, sucking air through his teeth with true jamaican disapproval. he stormed out the pale taupe doorway and a glance at the bedside clock revealed it was 5:23 am. in high school i awoke at 4:45 am. i rolled my eyes and groaned upon finding out my brain had decided to grant me cruel dream lucidity. i shut my eyes tightly -- this usually would awaken me, but on occasion failed, and tonight was one of those times. fine, let's fly then. i jumped off the saggy mattress. bounced several times. the scuffed wood boards whined under my trampolining.  achieving a little air time wasn't normally this hard.  cursing the stubbornness of this scenario i wandered out to the kitchen to find the agenda my father forced me to keep. dad was making our lunches. "where's mom?" i asked while flipping open the book.  apparently the date was monday october 4th, 2004.   dad gave me a funny look. "she's at her study, remember? she won't be back till saturday." study? my innards churned. i remember her telling me about the allergy studies -- those she hated most --, where all the participants were seated in a room with vents and the researchers would pump the room full of allergens to test the effectiveness of the antihistamines. the drugs would suck. a week was a bit long for that though, so it must have been some other drug. one that required lots of blood draws.  the bathroom door whipped open and steam spilled out. jo glided out of the bathroom towards her bedroom. josephine...she was short, her head was proportionally bigger to her body than i was used to. she was 9. "hey," she said vacantly in passing. i raced past her to the bathroom and wiped away the mirror's condensation with my bare forearm. i was nearly 14 according to that date. my hair was short, i had hardly starting growing into my boobs, and still had annoying upper lip eczema with a light mustache i hadn't yet waxed. this was the most "conscious" i'd ever been in a dream. usually time wasn't this linear. i was horrified at how real this felt.   and if this was real... that meant we weren't supposed to know about our illegitimate little sister yet. grace had to be 3 and a half. i didn't remember when dad broke the news; all i remember was that we were on the ttc and it was sunny outside. probably wasn't happening until next summer. then her mother would die from breast cancer a year after that, her body buried in the philippines, far from where her daughter would be able to visit. a $100k inheritance would be waiting for her at 18, but it was useless in this moment. this moment...  in this moment, i zonked out, reeling from the shock. grabbed a towel and took a quick shower. breakfast was fruit and a bagel with melted cheese on top. jo went upstairs to practice piano, and i followed to "study".  reality pelted me over and over like a torrent of hail. this was no dream. talking to even trusted individuals would land me at [cam-h](http://www.camh.ca). and while their staff was certainly lovely, i wasn't supposed to end up there for insanity, just mere suicidal ideation. maybe, with my knowledge of the future, it didn't have to happen that way. but i would still have to figure out how to handle dad's emotional and verbal abuse, as well as help shape a better jo. jo, who bullied others in middle school because of our dad's horribly misguided love. jo, who chilled out to gorillaz and green day and would start cutting herself as the pain became unbearable. jo, who would come to hate me five years later while i had her restrained on the floor in front of the police, preventing her from leaving this shithole of a home because i was so brainwashed by my father.  not to mention my mother: she loved to travel. dad would laugh at her when she'd suggest becoming a travel agent. she would lose her office job soon due to cutbacks and settle with the night shift at zellers. she wouldn't leave my father for another six years.  that would only happen once she'd suggest to grace that she could bathe herself without my father's assistance at age nine, and dad would scream at her. my mother would leave for a shelter at jo's urging. dad would take out his anger on jo, choking her with a belt. i wouldn't be there to stop it as i'd be away at university.   what i wouldn't have given to have my fiance close to me at this moment. we weren't to meet for another five years, nor to be engaged for another seven (i would avoid botching the proposal this time). at least i could avoid wasting time in that online relationship. he was a sweet southern california boy raised by his grandmother, but we were to be emotionally incompatible.    if this dream was to be cruel, this time i could dominate it.  my father would not come to live vicariously through me. i would not allow him to show me off as a prize.   so, at 14, i would find a part-time job at the nofrills near my school, to save up in order to move out at 16, and somehow figure out the legal logistics of taking jo with me, or becoming an emancipated minor. my father would be appalled at my rebellion, but i'd cut contact with him. after all, i wouldn't have my first cell phone yet.  i would learn how to program, starting with python, then moving on to c, javascript, ruby -- whatever i could manage. i'd become proficient at linux, too. i would pester my future calculus teacher for copies of the grade 12 notes and a textbook, as my math courses would be the downfall of me in first year physics at waterloo.  i would in the meantime become the difficult child, deflecting the attention from my sister and suddenly telling off my father for his behaviour. he would be surprised and angered, since i would have normally stood quietly every time he berated me. i would insist that we need family counselling and he would refuse. he couldn't hit me. i knew krav maga and was 70 pounds lighter.   i'd see a doctor, because even though depression and borderline personality disorder were now preventable, i'd need some prozac or zoloft to manage. dad would not let me see a doctor; he'd insist nothing was wrong, that it was all in my head. until i'd gain freedom from him, i would practice my martial arts and meditation to keep calm. as tempting as it would be to hit up the stoners in the class to soothe the anxiety, i'd take up cannabis consumption in university, just like the first time through.   i couldn't rush my mother to leave, but i would encourage the pursuit of her passions. she would at least see sooner that dad was no good for her. maybe she would join me in my mythical apartment and actually start saving up for retirement as well as a vacation fund.  i would still play the flute and piano with all my heart. i wouldn't develop a crush on my band teacher, because i would know what would happen if i told him. i would still try my hardest to get into the waterloo orchestra come first year university and probably still not make it, with eighteen flutes competing for 2 spots, but that would be okay.  fuck running for school president in grade 12. i'd still happily do the morning announcements in grade 9 though, and would warn orion that his continual viking themed tirades, while awesome, would waste too much time in the mornings and cause a ban in student announcements for three years. as president, i would have had the ban lifted.   oh who am i kidding, he'd still get us banned anyway, and it would be totally worth it.   but aside from those extracurriculars, i would dedicate every ounce of my being to becoming a programmer, to not being afraid of mathematics. i embraced math, but it would take me longer to learn than others. i would apply to waterloo for co-op computer science instead of failing physics, hopefully riding in on scholarships and osap. i would make myself a special fund just to invest in google and tesla stock later. i would also buy a sewing machine and sew on the side for cash.   then in january of 2009, i would hopefully meet the love of my life. i would cringe at him all over again: that scrawny, awkward white boy from st. catharines with brown curly hair and black framed glasses that would break in two years. he would not have showered for two days because he would have been at school the night before helping our mutual friends with linear algebra. at the computer science club code party, i would teach him to play piano. he'd introduce me to ytmnd. i would pretend i know nothing about homestar runner just to laugh all over again. and with a little luck, he would still escort me back to my dorm in the dead of howling winter, and i would offer him a cup of tea (this time, my tea cabinet would be properly stocked, and the milk wouldn't be expired)!  maybe we wouldn't fall in love in two days, but more conventionally, with dates, conversations about math-games-concerts-dr. horrible's sing-along blog, and listening to the mountain goats while falling asleep. i'd be financially independent: waterloo cs co-op students often made upwards of $4k per month during their 4-month internships. i would not suggest my boyfriend work at amazon in seattle, because all the broken dev tools would crush him. maybe we'd jointly go to redmond to do co-ops at microsoft instead, because seattle was still a lovely city.  at 24, i will have graduated with a degree in computer science. i'd have a stable salary with benefits. and the investments would make the lives of my fiance and me comfortable. i'd work towards buying my mother a completely paid off house, and would fund josephine's education. i would provide a safe space for grace, and buy her a 3ds so we could play pokemon together.  i would finally be caught up to where i last was before that october morning, shouted awake.  thank you, cosmos, for what you've done to me. at age 14, i am an unstoppable force.  edit: changed names and other small details
t3_26vz3i-t3_26vz3i-chv4d4s	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7575	hi, here's me:   invasive lobular breast cancer, stage 2 (micro mets in the sentinel node) chemo:taxotere, cytoxin, double mastectomy with reconstruction, 7 weeks radiation, conventional oncologist and two private 'integrative' doctors who specialize in eastern medicine and monitor my metabolic and vitamin counts regularly. on a slew of supplements tailored to me. dont waste your time guessing and buying crap, hire a serious md who specializes in cancer nutrition. it's not as expensive as you think (my private docs are $75 an hour)  something that might make you feel better about chemo:   rgcc labs in greece can perform ctc (cancer tumor cell) and csc (cancer stem cell) counts in your blood by capturing and culturing for the best chemo drug to kill your cancer. they can also test the best natural substances to help you make other decisions about diet and alternative therapies. this test was crucial for me because i hated shooting in the dark. these tests will also identify the cancer or multiple cancers that are circulating (this test cannot find tumors/cancer activity that has not shed into your blood stream yet, nor can it identify brain or lymphatic activity, there are other tests for some of those as well as traditional imaging).  counts above 5 are considered poor prognosis - mine was initially a 14. after surgery 12, after chemo 8. i'm continuing vitamin c treatments as directed by the results of this test as it came in as the most sensitive to this natural substance so the saga continues. i'd like to quickly point out i'm considered ned (no evidence of disease)...but until my ctcs are under 5 and traditional markers are normal - i don't think so.    the full cost of cell count, pathology if you will, chemo and natural substance sensitivity through rgcc was $2700 usa. cell search based in the us can only perform the cell count and for that they charge 3k, but i understand some private doctors have arrangements for $600 and only very recently do some insurers cover this marker test performed by them. johnson and johnson acquired the patent from rgcc which cell search bases their process on so for me i'm happy to get more information and pay less by sending my blood overseas with rgcc.   you only need the sensitivity test performed once so the ongoing monitoring of cell counts through rgcc are only $800 after the cost of a blood draw ($125, which you have to search or call their tx based office to find a doctor registered with them to do the draw in your area).  some argue the chemo/substance testing is useless because the results are of course observed in vitro (outside the body in a petri dish) but it's the best god damn thing we've got to guide us individually instead of being treated based on a group and statistics (i have lobular breast cancer and they are placed in the ductal bc group so this didn't jive with me). live tissue testing, good luck, it's expensive and even if you talk your surgeon into doing it there's high risk the thing dies in transit or prep and that costs you as well.   if anyone knows more about the status of ctcs as markers in this county and the companies providing them, i'd really like to know more - and if my information is incorrect i do welcome feedback. i'm just a stay at home mom who was diagnosed in sept of last year who is doing the best research i can to save my life. i didn't want to do any of these conventional treatments either but using cam (complimentary alternative medicine) alongside convention, it really helps avoid other drugs and can help you maintain a pulse on what's happening to you.  i hope this helps.  also look into medical grade cannibus, aspirin, copper therapy and beta blockers...   read and advocate for yourself. your doctors are busy.  **edit: wow! i got down voted? tldr? you don't agree with the tests? this is a year of my life running full speed in research to save it. figured i might save someone a lot of time. i'll lurk from now on.**
t3_345bay-t3_345bay-cqrgrrm	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7752	i did this over and over and over and over and over in my head and never actually did anything until my blood pressure went through the roof, my thyroid died, i have degenerative disc disease that becomes worse with weight, &amp; i was diagnosed with a breast tumor in 2010 which i had to have removed, &amp; i was diagnosed with nerve damage in my brain last year and a brain tumor in january... i watched my grandmother and my mother in law pass away from diseases and cancer related to smoking and being unhealthy. my point is until you find a way to stop coming up with excuses and realizing that you yourself is the only person that is going to be able to change anything in your own life nothing is going to change. whether you're reaching out with friends or checking messages, or feeling frustrated because nobody has contacted you these are all things that you might need to address separately? and from my experience when i'm checking my phone to see if anybody cares is because i have stopped caring about myself and i want others to make me feel like i'm worth something. but they're not going to do that and it's not their job to they shouldn't. however you are very important person. you are unique in the things you want to say matter. your health is extremely important and you deserve a really long life. you deserve to lose weight and feel good about yourself. you deserve to go to the gym and have fun, you deserve to go join a baseball team and go meet new people that have similar interest that are active and positive. but maybe, you need to put your phone down. you need to turn it off. and stick it in your glove box when you leave to go find what it is that makes you happy. because you're not going to find it through social media. at some point i had to realize that the only person standing in my way was myself.
t3_bbwsz-t3_bbwsz-c0m16n2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oi.  source link?  (i personally suspect you just copy-pasted from [this here blog](http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/03/06/cancer-funding-does-it-add-up/), which doesn't have a link either - awfully familiar looking table.)  i couldn't find a breakdown of funding per case or per death on the nci website.  i did find [here](http://obf.cancer.gov/financial/attachments/06factbk.pdf) (pdf) fy06 numbers for new cases, deaths, and total funding.  from there i arrived at some different numbers.  if anyone wants to check my math, feel free!  type -- funding (mill) -- new cases -- funding/case -- deaths -- %mortality -- funding/death  brain &amp; central nervous system  -- 130.3 -- 20,500 -- $6356 -- 12,740 -- 62.1% -- $10228  breast cancer -- 584.7 -- 180,510 -- $3239 -- 40,910 -- 22.7% -- $14268  cervical cancer -- 83.3 -- 11,150 -- $7471 -- 3,670 -- 32.9% -- $22708  hodgkins disease -- 20.9 -- 8,190 -- $2552 -- 1,070 --13.1% -- $19481  leukemia -- 223.5 -- 44,240 -- $5052 -- 21,790 -- 49.3% -- $10247   liver cancer -- 62.7 -- 19,160 -- $3272 --16,780 -- 87.6%  -- $3735  lung cancer -- 242.9 --213,380 -- $1138  -- 160,390  -- 75.2% -- $1513  melanoma --108.0 -- 59,940 -- $1802 -- 8,110 -- 13.5% -- $13348  multiple myeloma -- 30.3 -- 19,900 -- $1523 -- 10,790 -- 54.2% -- $2810  non hodgkin's lymphoma -- 114.1 -- 63,190 -- $1806 -- 18,660 -- 29.5% -- $6122  ovarian cancer -- 95.1 -- 22,430 -- $4240 -- 15,280 -- 68.1% -- $6226  pancreatic cancer --74.2 --37,170 -- $1996 -- 33,370 -- 89.8% -- $2223  prostate cancer -- 293.2 -- 218,890 -- $1339 -- 27,050 -- 12.4% -- $10798  stomach cancer -- 11.5 -- 21,260 -- $541 -- 11,210 -- 52.7% -- $1027  uterine cancer -- 19.4 -- 39,080 -- $496 -- 7,400 --18.9% -- $2624  first off, i got slightly different numbers from those in the blog entry listed above.  i'm interested to know if she did the math there, or if she in her turn pulled that table (or pieced it together) from another source.  anyway, op.  for one thing, breast cancer is *not* the highest funded cancer listed here - per case or per death.  you were incorrect about that.  furthermore, assuming you have a prostate, are you comfortable with the fact that prostate cancer receives far more funding than a host of other, deadlier cancers (including ovarian and uterine)?  do you think there is a real justification for it, or a non-sexist reason for it?  that is, do you see how asinine your flippant little inquiry is?  why should we feel responsible for some perceived gap in funding because we have breasts?  *i know my list is not the prettiest thing to look at, but fuck it, i'm going to dance class.
t3_2ax5rc-t3_2ax5rc-cj0b9r0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a breast cancer researcher and a few years ago, my dad sent me an email asking if this treatment could help a friend with advanced, inoperable brain cancer.   the treatment was making a wound, putting a legume paste in it and wrapping it in cabbage leaves. it was supposed to "detox" the blood and there was some magic compound in the legumes that attacked the cancer. the worst part was that the crazy doctor who came up with it had a fancy website complete with comprehensive video explaining the "science" behind it &amp; that he had discovered core concepts of molecular biology (which he hasn't).    the worst and most shocking to me was how the video melded partially correct biological information with quackery to make it sound scientifically plausible. it was at that moment that i vowed to try to communicate to the public about science better to try and increase scientific literacy and stopping some of these crazy stories from holding substance.   cancer is horrible enough without people being misled and misinformed.
t3_1q4sl5-t3_1q4sl5-cd9n5lv	brain_cancer	relevant	0.7393	so my mom is the youngest of 13, herself and her closest oldest sister being twins. there are only 3 sisters left (now) my favorite aunt and uncle happened to also be my god parents. they were very important to me. one year my ex navy, steel mill working uncle was diagnosed with cancer. that was very hard news for me to take, but treatment did it's work and he beat cancer. then he beat it another 6 times. one holiday when i was 18, my parents bought me a case of guinness which i was enjoying with laughter and great conversation with my god parents, as the other family milled about. my other aunt now has about two bottles of wine in her. she sees me drinking and calls me an alcoholic, my god mother right she was referencing her and her husband, a verbal fight breaks out with my god mother saying andy (her husband) had beat cancer and deserves to enjoy a couple of beers. my god parents go out to the garage, where i go out to calm the situation, i saw my god father, the man i considered a second father to me, balling his eyes out. i couldn't help my self and joined in on tears with them. my uncle took a turn for the worse a couple years later lying in a hospice with brain cancer, coughing up blood. i refused to go see him even once, even though he requested to see me. he passed, violently, and the last time i saw him was at his funeral, where his kids from his first marriage showed up (they aren't very close with our family) his sons look exactly like him, it was a shock to a lot of us seeing our deceased family member almost in the flesh again. my one aunt finally makes her prima donna appearance. waddling her fat ass in showy, sequined fat people closes, loudly bitching to anyone near by how horrible her day is going. first the nail salon screwed up her nails, then the wrong color, then she got stuck in traffic, and lastly detoured her 400$ white coach purse in dirt. all before saying her condolences to her stone faced sister, who is fighting back the tears of seeing her husband of 35 years dead. i calmly let go of my god mother's hand, stand up, walk over to my prima donna aunt and said "you're having the worst day of your life?! your sister is burying her husband today and all you can think about is you? i pick up a glass of red wine and dumped it on her white 400$ purse, and looked her in the eye, and told her " now you have something to bitch about, don't talk to me again, you're dead to me"  my god mother clung to my arm, dug her frail hands into mine and cried into my shoulder.  she discovered a year later she had breast cancer while helping her husband fight off his. she fought hard and long, the cancer finally took her from me 3 months ago. i went and saw her in the hospital before she passed, and i got to kiss her, and i begged with her to kick cancers ass so she can see me propose and get married to my gf, who she loved. ( my aunt hated my ex of 7 years and threatened her life after we broke up and stole about 10k in money over the years, she grew close to my current gf always talking to her and telling her embarrassing stores of me)  she died holding my dad's hand, her best friend, my dad who had never cried in his life, even at his fathers funeral, couldn't console himself. at her memorial, the same cunt of an aunt threw a temper tantrum cause my family didn't play ave maria, stopping the ceremony, silencing the attenders, and embarrassing herself entirely, red in the face, fat ankles stomping the ground.   we played ave maria as my parents and i who were sitting in the front row, got up to walk down the isle to the exit. i smiled and flicked off my aunt to the song of ave maria.  i know it's not as inappropriate ad some of your stories, but to me that is the biggest offence i've ever witnessed, and i hate my aunt to this day
t3_40axat-t1_cytf2rv-cyth78e	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	eh, good point, but here's a counter point:  you have a shell fish allergy and keep an epipen in your (locked) bag. suddenly, you go into anaphylaxis because you didn't know that that pasta had crab in it. your friend grabs your bag, only to find that he can't get inside! now, you're fumbling with the lock: 9... (the age you had your first pet, jack, the jack russell terrier) 4... (the number of letters in jack's name) and... what was the last number? you can't remember because your swelling esophagus is preventing you from drawing enough breath, and now your brain is becoming deprived of oxygen.  your entire life begins to flash before your eyes; your fifth birthday party where you accidentally pissef your pants and cried in front of ask your friends; your first date with that girl cheryl who have you the clap; and that 5k you ran in support of breast cancer awareness after your mom got breast cancer... wait! that was it! 1! that's the next number! the number of breasts your mom lost! you realize in that moment how odd it was to use that for your combination lock... but it does you no good. it's to late. at this point you are too weak and delusional to enter the last number. as you fade away, you hear your friend calling your babe in the distance. your final regretthat your dying thought is about your mom's left titgradually evaporates, and your existence fades to nothingness.  all because you didn't use a key ring!
t3_1au5ne-t1_c913pfg-c914bxc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but it cause obesity, low hdl cholesterol levels, type ii diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease, suppression of your immune system, upsets the mineral relationships in your body, juvenile delinquency in children, in soda when consumed by children results in the children drinking less milk, it can increase reactive oxygen species (ros) which can damage cells and tissues, can cause hyperactivity, anxiety, inability to concentrate in children, rise in triglycerides, decline in tissue elasticity and function, chromium deficiency, ovarian cancer, copper deficiency, it interferes with the body's absorption of calcium and magnesium, hypoglycemia, acidic digestive tract, premature aging, alcoholism, tooth decay, increased risk of crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, gastric and duodenal ulcers, arthritis, gallstones, appendicitis, hemorrhoids, varicose veins, periodontal disease, osteoporosis, saliva acidity, decrease in insulin sensitivity, lower amount of vit e in the blood, decrease the amount of growth hormones, interfere with absorption of protein, food allergies, toxemia during pregnancy, impair the structure of dna, change the structure of protein, skin wrinkle, cataracts, emphysema, atherosclerosis, it is associated with parkinsons's disease, can increase the size of the liver and kidney, damage the pancreas, increase the body's fluid retention, cause myopia, compromise the lining of the capillaries, headaches, migraines, depression, gastric cancer, dyspepsia, gout, reduces learning capacity, can contribute to alzheimer's disease, free radicals and oxidative stress, billiary tract cancer, slow food's travel time, increase of estradiol, destruction of phosphatase, gallbladder cancer, it can be intoxicating like alcohol, can aggravate premenstrual syndrome (pms), decrease emotional stability, promote excessive food intake in obese people, worsen the symptoms of children with add, risk factor for lung cancer, risk of polio, epileptic seizures, increased systolic blood pressure, cell death, antisocial behavior in juvenile, prostate cancer, it dehydrates newborns, low birth weight in birth, worse outcome of schizophrenia, raise homocysteine levels in the bloodstream, breast cancer, small intestine cancer, laryngeal cancer, mild memory loss, constipation, brain decay in pre-diabetic and diabetic women, stomach cancer, metabolic syndrome, asthma, irritable bowl syndrome, cancer of rectum, endometrial cancer, renal cell cancer, liver tumors, continuation of acne, fatigue, moodiness, nervousness, essential nutrients less available to cells, increase uric acid in blood, higher c-peptide concentrations, inflammation, diverticulitis, decrease testosterone production, impairs spatial memory and it is addictive.  sugar drinks should be banned.  if you want the sources just ask.
t3_4wtgyq-t1_d6af4hj-d6anzr3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	look, i understand.  i had breast cancer and it was very hard on my family.  that being said, you are trying to fight a situation against yourself. your brain is damaged, expecting feelgoods on a regular schedule and when it doesn't get them, it will fight you for them.    your family loves you, no matter what situation you are in.  they don't have a particular amount of compassion and when that is gone, it is exhausted, you know?    you are not a champ doing it by yourself, actually, more like a fool.  i don't say that to be rude, i say that because i know where you are and how easy it was for me to convince myself that i could do it by myself.  if you can't talk to your family, there is therapy and/or 12 step meetings.
t3_tlfpd-t1_c4nmlok-c4nngic	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5029	this sounds all to familiar, i lost my mum after a 6 year battle with breast cancer in 2008, i was 18.  she had 2 brain tumours, kidney, liver and stomach tumours.  i am one of the few people who know that feel...and my god does it suck.  what i will say is this, take care of your family.  this may sound cliche but they really need you.  grief is one of those things without a time limit, it hit me after two years!    it seems really tough to begin with but it gets a hell of a lot easier.  do this, do not stop talking about her, just because she isn't around anymore doesn't mean she has to be out of your life.  the more you reminisce about happier times, the sadder you will feel, but in a few years you will look back and remember she's better off where she is now, out of pain and free from sickness.   peace out bro, stay strong.
t3_4xokfe-t1_d6hu8gj-d6hvi9w	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	do you know cannabinoids (the things that make up cannabis) are naturally occurring in breast milk? they encourage baby to eat. soothe baby. and make them happy and sleepy. sound like anything else we know?  did you know cannabis induce neurogenesis? thats the killing off of unhealthy nerve and the birthing of new ones. cannabis creates new pathways in the brain. it doesn't destroy them (unless already dead or dying in which case it will replace the ones it takes).  i'm not advocating passing a j to your kids. but i see no reason why a sick child shouldn't be allowed to use marijuana in a medical capacity with doctor supervision. there are some pretty amazing stories out there of cannabis making epileptic kids seizure free. and non-verbal autistic kids speaking after 1-2 doses of cannabis. saving kids dying of cancer in days to weeks.   humans and mammals have an endocannabinoid system. there are receptors all throughout our bodies. cb1 and cb2 receptors work like a lock and key with cannabinoids. cb1 is mostly in the brain and mostly triggered by thc. which is why we get high. cb2 receptors are mostly in the major organs and are better activated by cbn.
t3_xzm8u-t1_c5r37g3-c5r39ll	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6633	yeah, i mean they though i had breast cancer when i was 12.. i mean i could else's if it was like ovarian cancer in a f-m transit or prostate cancer in a m-f transit, but it's breast cancer... it may as well have been stomach cancer or brain cancer.. it can affect anyone
t3_26owml-t1_cht51kl-chtwmmo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6474	thanks! i'm not sure what the out-of-pocket cost will be for the drug they want to put me on but when i asked how much it costs without coverage the neurologist told me $17,000 per year which i couldn't afford. i'm waiting for another appointment to discuss medication options and will hopefully get a clearer idea of what my portion will be. living healthy is crucial no matter what, like you say, and you're right that we can't endlessly try out different therapies. it's going to be a gamble. i'm just risk-adverse by nature :) so i try to research things to death and get lots of feedback from people who have been through it.  there are risks to the medications though... slightly increased risk of breast cancer with copaxone for example... so it's not totally risk free. plus they don't really know what it might do to a person say 30 yrs down the road, and it seems iffy as to whether they provide any protection against disability. that's the stuff that keeps me on the fence about whether to take it and deal with potential side effects, but so far i've had a very mild disease course with only 1 episode of optic neuritis and nothing else for symptoms in 2 years, but i do have a ton of brain lesions with one new one in the last year, so i have to think that at some point relapses will become a problem.
t3_1qir07-t3_1qir07-cde38xe	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know the type of breast cancer your mom has, but when i was diagnosed, my cancer was all over the place including the chest wall and skin. i also had bone and brain mets, massive amounts of skin mets and for some reason the pleural cavity, but that never went anywhere and 42 of 42 positive nodes.  i'm 16+ years out and while i've had some recurrences, i'm fine.  i have a rare breast cancer where by definition, skin and chest wall infiltration are expected. it's highly unusual and very unlikely your mom has this. a rapid swelling is associated with this cancer, not a lump as well as a tell-tale rash, and your mom apparently doesn't have either of those symptoms.  once you have an answer about the type, staging and treatment plan, it gets much easier.
t3_1x6aum-t3_1x6aum-cf8mn38	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6632	hello and thanks for doing this.  i have been trying to come to grips with the recent suicide of my mother in november (she was 67). she was undergoing treatment for stage 4 breast cancer and dealing with my dad's stage 4 prostate cancer as well. add to that an increasingly obvious lack of short-term memory, and it became too overwhelming to her.   anyways, right before her death, we finally got her in to see a professional who interviewed her and got her an mri to see if there was anything awry. after her death, the doctor said that there was nothing abnormal in the scan and he had no idea what was wrong. her brain had shrunk a little, but said that was a normal part of the aging process. i'm confused, because it was pretty obvious over several years that she was getting worse and worse. in the beginning, she would forget simple but insignificant things. at the end, she literally would forget major things and whole conversations that had happened just hours prior. just in case it matters, she was a lifelong smoker (light) with no other major health issues or family history of dementia. the memory issues began before her cancer treatments.  i guess my questions would be (1) what if anything can i suspect to be the cause of what happened to her and (2) would there be anything i'd need to worry about and/or pay attention to for my own brain and memory? i saw firsthand what it did to her, and it scares me to think of it happening to me.
t3_3h9ias-t3_3h9ias-cu5fq87	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* brain to gut size  if someone have nature subscription search for "energetics and the evolution of human brain size. it is a paper that refutes expensive tissue hypothesis.  *  * 13 nutrition basics  http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/1omwwi/13_nutrition_lies_that_made_the_world_sick_and_fat/  *  * adderall: (dangers) http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2d7tgz/american_psychological_association_regular/cjn5xb4  *  * alergies: * peanut allergy caused by antibiotics cured: http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2emifh/scientists_may_have_discovered_how_to_stop_your/  *  * anesthesia: * loepke and his research colleagues have published previous studies showing widespread cell death, permanent deletion of neurons and neurocognitive impairment in laboratory rats and mice after exposure to general anesthesia: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/392qvq/children_who_received_general_anesthesia_for/cs02rqf  *  * antibiotics: * giving feed animals antibiotics that aren't used in humans is worse, not better. it leads to greater range of antibiotic resistance in humans: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/34hvjf/top_us_chicken_supplier_tyson_to_stop_using/cqv8bt8 *  * antioxidants:  * not enough data to prove that antioxidants provide any health benefits and in some cases have been shown to increase mortality: https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/37l4qu/psa_the_title_nutritionist_is_not_subject_to/crnrx71  *  * autism 74-98% genetic: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2xz8w7/autism_is_largely_down_to_genes_twin_study/  *  * baking soda uses: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2015/02/02/11-health-benefits-baking-soda.aspx  *  * body sizes of various athletes: http://imgur.com/a/cottf/layout/blog  *  * bottled water is wasteful: http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2antyi/nestle_sells_water_taken_from_drought_stricken/cix51ag  *  * bpa-free plastic is just as toxic: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/bpa-free-plastic-containers-may-be-just-as-hazardous/  *  * brain: * stress &amp; depression shrink the brain: http://news.yale.edu/2012/08/12/yale-team-discovers-how-stress-and-depression-can-shrink-brain  http://www.symptomfind.com/health/effects-of-stress-on-the-brain/  *  * breast feeding:  * breastfeeding for longer leads to smarter adults: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/291017.php  * babies who are breast-fed are better protected against pollution: http://time.com/3895428/babies-breastfed-pollution-protection/ *  *  * caffeine: * slows brain development in pubescent rodents  http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1n10tq/caffeine_consumption_slows_down_brain_development/ * good for liver: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2jw5ml/coffee_may_protect_the_liver_drinking_coffee_even/ * ~3 cups per day causes 27% less dna damage: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2vvt1q/regular_coffee_consumption_contributes_to_dna/  *  *  * calcium supplements did not protect against fractures of the hip or other bones. moreover, there was some suggestion that calcium supplements taken without vitamin d might even increase the risk of hip fractures: http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/calcium-full-story/ *  *  * calorie is just a calorie, or not  http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/25demi/the_effects_of_consuming_a_high_protein_diet_44/  * nih study finds cutting dietary fat reduces body fat more than cutting carbs: http://www.nih.gov/news/health/aug2015/niddk-13.htm * rodents raised in a sterile environment and lacking in gut flora need to eat 30% more calories just to remain the same weight as their normal counterparts: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gut_flora  *  *  * cancer  air pollution may be leading cause http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1opz6a/air_pollution_may_be_leading_cause_of_cancer/   * most types of cancer not due to "bad luck": http://www.iarc.fr/en/media-centre/pr/2015/pdfs/pr231_e.pdf *  *  * cashew nuts kill gram positive, tooth decay causing bacteria  http://worldental.org/gums/eliminate-tooth-abscess-with-cashew-nuts/46/ *  * cellphones: * sperm fertility  http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/282am0/cellphone_exposure_may_harm_male_fertility/  *  * diet soda: * effect on gut bacteria: http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2014/09/17/349270927/diet-soda-may-alter-our-gut-microbes-and-the-risk-of-diabetes  http://www.prevention.com/health/diabetes/artificial-sweeteners-diet-soda-affect-gut-bacteria-and-weight-gain  *  * drugs: * cocaine: cocaine use causes profound changes in the brain that leads to an increased risk of relapse due to stress: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/349i0w/cocaine_use_causes_profound_changes_in_the_brain/cqsnjdt *  * marijuana: * heavy marijuana use causes poor memory and abnormal brain structure  http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1t19jf/heavy_marijuana_use_causes_poor_memory_and/ce3kwgu    * parental thc exposure leads to compulsive heroin-seeking and altered striatal synaptic plasticity in the subsequent generation  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24385132   * cannabis during pregnancy endangers fetal brain development  http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1wgdoz/  * marijuana use is damaging for developing brains  http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/21f2r0/potsmoking_students_do_better_at_school_than/cgchb8a   * the current evidence definitely points toward marijuana causing psychosis in a vulnerable portion of the population that otherwise would not have experienced it: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2424288/  * any dose of alcohol combined with cannabis significantly increases levels of thc in blood: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/37h0a1/any_dose_of_alcohol_combined_with_cannabis/ * smoking pot interferes with math skills, study finds: http://one.npr.org/&amp;utm_source=npronewinback&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_content=20150611&amp;utm_campaign=winback&amp;utm_term=?sharedmediaid=413069509:413069510  * synthetic marijuana hospitalizations: http://one.npr.org/?sharedmediaid=421826423:421826424  *  *  *  * extascy/mdma:  * serotonin syndrome: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl42tu  * how to minimize neurotoxicity: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl51om  https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl48wb   https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl1zcc  *  *  * e-cigs: * vapors induce toxicity, oxidative stress, and inflammation: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/30d8ag/vapors_produced_by_ecigarettes_induce_toxicity/  * e-cigarette vaporeven when nicotine-freefound to damage lung cells: http://www.the-aps.org/mm/hp/audiences/public-press/2015/25.html * nicotine is not significantly addictive by itself. it takes the presence of an maoi within tobacco to really encourage high nicotine consumption: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/37bta1/ecigarette_vaporeven_when_nicotinefreefound_to/crleltb *  *  *  * effects of semen on lifespan  http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1mdxqk/iama_man_who_bottles_jizz_for_a_millionaire_pics/cc8c614 *  * eggs  http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp8z25  http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp5fs3  (harmful for diabetics) http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp3y56   *  * electromagnetic radiation is harmful (controversial): http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2aul2e/science_ama_series_im_paul_h%c3%a9roux_a_professor_of/  *  * exercize can't negate a bad diet  http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/21ev12/wsj_why_runners_cant_eat_whatever_they_want/  *  * fish oil: * prostate cancer http://examine.com/blog/fish-oil-and-your-prostate/  pros http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/1o59c0/the_5_heart_healthy_reasons_drug_companies_are/  * benefits: http://examine.com/supplements/fish+oil#clinical_results *  *  * flu vaccine 59% effective  http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/1oh84d/i_got_a_flu_shot_today_at_rite_aid_a_pharmacist/ccrz3mm  *  *
t3_45oln9-t3_45oln9-czzidcy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5826	so here is my view.  i lost my wife of 20 years to breast cancer a year ago.  we had a great life and three young kids who she loved beyond words.  my daughter and i were with her when she took her last breath after a day of horrific pain. had it been a matter of will she would still be here with us. the fact of the matter is that when cancer is in your liver and your brain and your lungs your will to live cannot change things.  enjoy the life you have and the time you have with those you love for as long as you can but it cheapens your loved one if you imply they "lost a battle" or "couldn't fight anymore".
t3_10rdtd-t1_c6fyyml-c6g3jyo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandma has made me ultra wary of any and all hospitals. she was diagnosed at 40 with breast cancer, and she beat it. fast forward 30 years and we discover it has grown back, but in her hip. now, my grandma was the type of woman who still wore bikinis (and rocked them) and did swan dives from her diving board to impress her grand kids. we live in florida, and she lived in a particularly woodsy area, so had to be active to clean her house and shine her brass every day or mildew set in.   back to the story though, she went to the hospital complaining of severe hip pain, no appetite, and dizziness. they scanned her hip and found cancer, but stopped looking and just figured that was that. days later, when the doctor asked her what year it was she answered "new york city" and still they blamed her loopiness on her pain meds. she was vomiting and still not eating. a couple weeks later she died of cancer that had grown rapidly from a tiny speck in her brain and stomach. if a test had been done to rule out those possibilities, i may still have my grandma today. maybe not, as cancer is a horrible bitch and maybe it wasn't in her cards to beat it twice, but knowing that they didn't even give her the chance to fight because tests are expensive makes me fear hospitals. :/
t3_2j9tqv-t3_2j9tqv-cl9w8wz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fuck this. my thoughts are with streeter and his family. i had a cousin who got breast cancer and it tragically masticated into her brain and she died a few years ago, so i know how shitty this disease is.  i wish this guy the best, and that he has the support to help him out during this tragedy.
t3_2eyiv8-t3_2eyiv8-ck4bnoy	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think placing a possible insult to plato made this post seem presumptuous, but fwiw there is very little refuting of plato from what i see.  it seems like it's more about how essentialism is applied in places where it should not be, i.e. things that defy complete mathematical definition.  this is much like how one can agree with marx without agreeing with many communist revolutionaries.  dawkins makes a good case for the idea that essentialism is a cognitive shortcut is situations in which we have placed categories on things which ultimately defy categorization.  gender is an excellent example.  is it defined by chromosomes?  prenatal conditions?  is it defined by the sexually dimorphic parts of the brain which are often inverted in transgender people?  how about a social construct?  it's all of those things.  as a result, one has to make a working definition for *every* context in which it is used.  "male" and "female" when talking about biology, sociology, and psychology are all completely distinct, and happen to have the same word, even though they obviously overlap when we sit on the top of the bell curve.  but that's not always the case, as any genderqueer person will tell you.  given that context is not a countable feature, being exact can be unbearably cumbersome, and one will eventually end up asking a question with no apparent relation to the situation.  for example, how often have you been asked about your y chromosome at a bar?  when someone asks me "are you a boy or a girl?"  i often sigh and shrug, because to answer properly i would need to respond with several questions of my own.  (i will use gender simply for a consistent analogy which i can competently describe, so please excuse my bias)  at the same time, we need to cut corners, make assumptions, and "round" to discrete benchmarks because our language is limited without the reasoning specified by dawkins.  it is reasonable for most intents and purposes, and assuming he is completely against it is black and white.  but one still needs to be aware of the assumptions being made.  the assumptions we make in any given situation vastly outweigh the information that is concretely discussed.  if we allow these "snapshots" of reality to exist in scientific language and in law without making reasonable qualifications, the effects can compound over time, and our quality of life can be diminished.  for example, we don't think much about the gender marker on our insurance forms often.  but what happens when a transgender woman needs treatment for breast cancer (yes, this is possible with hrt) and they are denied coverage because the gender marker is defined by chromosomes, while breast cancer risk is generally determined by hormones? (this is hypothetical, so pardon me if i am mistaken) suddenly, a harmless assumption is threatening someone's life.  in the case of race, the box you check on a form can affect your employment prospects, college acceptance rates, and many more.  maybe removing essentialism is not the best word.  being judicious in where and when we apply it is a different story.  it's ironic that dawkins "rounded" to the idea of removing it entirely for rhetorical reasons, though.  but much like myself, he is not a philosopher.
t3_18zp2d-t3_18zp2d-c8jk16f	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[nasa contributions to society:](http://scepticalprophet.wordpress.com/2012/10/24/why-spend-money-on-science-nasas-contributions-to-society/)  * velcro * teflon * scratch resistant lenses * freeze dried food * sports shoes (shock absorbers, stability and motion control) * cordless power tools * cat and mri scanners (so anyone with fractures or internal injuries can thank nasa for this technology allowing doctors to see whats wrong in your body). * light emitting diodes (can be used for cancer treatment and promote faster healing of wounds). * infrared technology * mammography systems (reducing need for biopsies due to better breast cancer detection). * miniature heart assist device (implanted into patients waiting for a heart transplant). * memory foam * sunglasses (the technology of the lense being able to filter out uv rays). * water purification systems * all manner of protective coatings (used on tools, vehicles, buildings and bridges) * kidney dialysis machines * medical rehabilitation equipment * insulation (specifically aluminium and propylene/mylar) * retroreflectors (used as a sensor to detect hazardous gases in oil development, chemical planets and waste storage sites) * anthrax detection system * wireless light switches * decontamination processes (specifically for areas contaminated by chemicals, used by many companies) * warp-10 (a portable pain reliever for muscle and joint pain) * patient harnesses (to assist patients recovering from traumatic brain injury, stroke, spinal cord injury, hip/knee replacements, etc.) * crash test models (and dummies) * liquidmetal (used in a large range of sporting equipment, jewelry, watches, mobile phones, orthopedic implants, and coatings). * navigation systems for planes allowing terrain recognition in all conditions * gas sensor (used by aircraft to detect dangerous weather conditions and avoid them). * eye surgery equipment (improving on lasik) * bank terminal technology  [and the list goes on...](http://spinoff.nasa.gov/spinoff/spinsearch?bool=and&amp;allfields=&amp;center=&amp;boolm=and&amp;manufact=&amp;state=&amp;category=&amp;issue=&amp;spinsort=issued)
t3_4ecal9-t3_4ecal9-d1zdm4x	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7386	depending on the type of cancer there can be cognitive deficits following treatment including memory, attentions, executive function etc. personality can be affected. there is also a change in perspective that happens following treatment that takes some people awhile to get through depending on severity.   i've lived through both breast cancer and leukemia. i had a bone marrow transplant 3 years ago which required total body radiation including radiation to my brain. i also had intrathecal chemo more times than i can recall. this is where they do a lumbar puncture and inject chemo directly into your cerebral spinal fluid in order to treat your brain directly. i've been diagnosed with cognitive deficits.   sometimes you need to see a psychologist and psychiatrist to try to learn how to be normal again. getting better mentally is a long process and it seems no one thinks to address mental effects until long after treatment.   my hospital provides programs for patients and caregivers. you could look there for support for yourself and your mom.
t3_1xl232-t1_cfcgrqc-cfchf12	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother in law recently had brain tumors removed, she had breast cancer via the lymph nodes removed six months ago. they couldn't find any more cancer in her.  but last wednesday she went for a checkup after some head aches and spewing in the car. thursday they did more tests, friday she was flown 250km to the better brain doctors in the stae. saturday she went under the knife, and today, tuesday, she's up and about, with a walker.  probably not going to cost her a damn thing either besides the medication. got to love science and medicare.
t3_1oit9c-t3_1oit9c-ccscv5j	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok i had breast cancer 2006, was in treatment for about 10 months.  i had four surgeries, 6 chemo treatments and 30 radiation treatments.  that said i have been in remission since then.  the cancer itself doesn't hurt, didn't hurt me.  the surgeries, poking, blood draws, shots constant dr. visits were a drag.  i was sick from chemo everything as describe below.  and chemo brain is true and i've read that some symptoms of chemo can last a decade.  i still have some issues with eyesight, memory, digestion.  i gained weight...steroids were part of my treatment and haven't lost it all.  radiation was bad too.  like my boob was constantly sunburned.  emotionally i was all over the place. they give you drugs to offset the effects of these treatments, but the drugs themselves mess with you.  i was addicted i'm sure.  i have come through it.  but it never leaves you, you'll see it everywhere, your neighbor, friend even my dog got cancer.  now i have a 1st cousin going through treatment.  family history started with me i guess.  the thing is don't let it define you.  don't let people only see your cancer....that's the worst feeling for me.  people don't know what to say so they say stupid things......and forget that there's a person there dealing with this.   sadly those descriptions below are exactly correct.  i remember the dr. asking if i had animals.  asked if they drank from the toilet... he told me to flush the toilet 3-4 times after use as the residue left there from my urine would kill my dog if she drank from the toilet..and they gave it to me straight.  that blew my mind.
t3_3ih9kq-t3_3ih9kq-culop8u	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	judging by your title, you've probably already read [this review by e. russo on phytocannabinoid-terpenoid entourage effects and cannabis synergy in general](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3165946/) but for those who haven't or just want some condensed info, here goes:   &amp;nbsp;  &gt; support derives from studies in which cannabis extracts demonstrated effects two to four times greater than thc (carlini et al ., 1974); unidentified thc antagonists and synergists were claimed (fairbairn and pickens, 1981), anti- convulsant activity was observed beyond the cannabinoid fraction (wilkinson et al ., 2003), and extracts of thc and cbd modulated effects in hippocampal neurones distinctly from pure compounds (ryan et al ., 2006)    &amp;nbsp;    &gt; **are cannabis terpenoids actually relevant to the effects of cannabis?**    terpenoid components in concentrations above 0.05% are considered of pharmacological interest (adams and taylor, 2010). animal studies are certainly supportive (buch- bauer et al ., 1993). mice exposed to terpenoid odours inhaled from ambient air for 1 h demonstrated profound effects on activity levels, suggesting a direct pharmacological effect on the brain, even at extremely low serum concentrations (examples: linalool with 73% reduction in motility at 4.22 ngml , pinene 13.77% increase at trace concentration, terpineol 45% reduction at 4.7 ngml) these levels are comparable to those of thc measured in humans receiving cannabis extracts yielding therapeutic effects in pain, or symptoms of multiple sclerosis in various randomized con- trolled trials (rcts) (russo, 2006; huestis, 2007).   &amp;nbsp;    **conclusion:** &amp;nbsp;  &gt; considered ensemble, the preceding body of information supports the concept that selective breeding of cannabis chemotypes rich in ameliorative phytocannabinoid and ter- penoid content offer complementary pharmacological activi- ties that may strengthen and broaden clinical applications and improve the therapeutic index of cannabis extracts containing thc, or other base phytocannabinoids. psychopharmacologi- cal and dermatological indications show the greatest promise.    loose translation: cannabis with high amounts of different cannabinoids and terpenes are more valuable than the sum of their effects would suggest. with proper selective breeding, we can make whole-plant cannabinoid medicine more 'efficient' and more widely applicable.   &amp;nbsp;  gratuitous info on some phytocannabinoids, as found in the same review:     &amp;nbsp; &gt;**thc**  is the most common phytocannabinoid in cannabis drug chemotypes, and is produced in the plant via an allele co-dominant with cbd (de meijer et al ., 2003). thc is a partial agonist at cb 1 and cannabinoid receptor 2 (cb 2 ) analogous to aea, and underlying many of its activities as a psychoactive agent, analgesic, muscle relaxant and antispas- modic (pacher et al ., 2006). additionally, it is a bronchodila- tor  (williams et al.,  1976),  neuroprotective  antioxidant (hampson et al ., 1998), antipruritic agent in cholestatic jaundice  (neff et al .,  2002)  and  has  20  times  the  anti- inflammatory  power  of  aspirin  and  twice  that  of hydrocortisone (evans, 1991).    &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbd** is the most common phytocannabinoid in fibre (hemp) plants, and second most prevalent in some drug chemotypes. it has proven extremely versatile pharmacologi- cally (table 1) (pertwee, 2004; mechoulam et al ., 2007), displaying the unusual ability to antagonize cb 1 at a low nm level in the presence of thc, despite having little binding affinity (thomas et al ., 2007), and supporting its modulatory effect on thc-associated adverse events such as anxiety, tachycardia, hunger and sedation in rats and humans (nicholson et al ., 2004; murillo-rodriguez et al ., 2006; russo and guy, 2006). cbd is an analgesic (costa et al ., 2007), is a neuroprotective antioxidant more potent than ascorbate or tocopherol (hampson et al ., 1998),   &amp;nbsp;  &gt; **cbc** was inactive on adenylate cyclase inhibi- tion (howlett, 1987), but showed activity in the mouse can- nabinoid tetrad, but only at 100 mgkg- 1 , and at a fraction of thc activity, via a non-cb 1 , non-cb 2 mechanism (delong et al ., 2010). more pertinent are anti-inflammatory (wirth et al ., 1980) and analgesic activity (davis and hatoum, 1983), its ability to reduce thc intoxication in mice (hatoum et al ., 1981), antibiotic and antifungal effects (elsohly et al ., 1982), and observed cytotoxicity in cancer cell lines (ligresti et al ., 2006)      &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbg** , the parent phytocannabinoid compound, has a relatively weak partial agonistic effect at cb 1 (k i 440 nm) and cb 2 (k i 337 nm) (gauson et al ., 2007). older work supports gamma aminobutyric acid (gaba) uptake inhibition greater than thc or cbd (banerjee et al ., 1975) that could suggest muscle relaxant properties. analgesic and anti-erythemic effects and the ability to block lipooxygenase were said to surpass those of thc (evans, 1991). cbg dem- onstrated modest antifungal effects (elsohly et al ., 1982). more recently, it proved to be an effective cytotoxic in high dosage on human epithelioid carcinoma (baek et al ., 1998), is the next most effective phytocannabinoid against breast cancer after cbd (ligresti et al ., 2006), is an antidepressant in the rodent tail suspension model (musty and deyo, 2006) and is a mildly anti-hypertensive agent (maor et al ., 2006). additionally, cbg inhibits keratinocyte proliferation suggest- ing utility in psoriasis (wilkinson and williamson, 2007), it is a relatively potent trpm8 antagonist for possible application in prostate cancer (de petrocellis and di marzo, 2010) and detrusor over-activity and bladder pain (mukerji et al ., 2006). it is a strong aea uptake inhibitor (de petrocellis et al ., 2011) and a powerful agent against mrsa (appendino et al ., 2008; vide infra ).    &amp;nbsp;   &gt;**thcv** is a propyl analogue of thc, and can modulate intoxication of the latter, displaying 25% of its potency in early testing (gill et al ., 1970; hollister, 1974). a recrudescence of interest accrues to this compound, which is acb 1 antagonist at lower doses (thomas et al ., 2005), but is a cb 1 agonist at higher doses (pertwee, 2008). thcv produces weight loss, decreased body fat and serum leptin concentra- tions with increased energy expenditure in obese mice (cawthorne et al ., 2007; riedel et al ., 2009). thcv also dem- onstrates prominent anticonvulsant properties in rodent cer- ebellum and pyriform cortex (hill et al ., 2010). thcv appears as a fractional component of many southern african can- nabis chemotypes, although plants highly predominant in this agent have been produced (de meijer, 2004). thcv recently  demonstrated  a  cb 2 -based  ability  to  suppress carageenan-induced hyperalgesia and inflammation, and both phases of formalin-induced pain behaviour via cb 1 and cb 2 in mice (bolognini et al ., 2010).     &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbdv** , the propyl analogue of cbd, was first isolated in 1969 (vollner et al ., 1969), but formerly received little investigation. pure cbdv inhibits diacylglycerol lipase [50% inhibitory concentration (ic 50 ) 16.6 m m] and might decrease activity of its product, the endocannabinoid, 2-ag (de petrocellis et al ., 2011). it is also anticonvulsant in rodent hippocampal brain slices, comparable to phenobarbitone and felbamate (jones et al ., 2010)    &amp;nbsp;  &gt; **cbn** is a non-enzymatic oxidative by-product of thc, more prominent in aged cannabis samples (merzouki and mesa, 2002). it has a lower affinity for cb 1 (ki 211.2 nm) and cb2 (ki126.4 nm) (rhee et al ., 1997); and was judged inactive when tested alone in human volunteers, but pro- duced greater sedation combined with thc (mustyet al,1976). cbn demonstrated anticonvulsant (turner et al ., 1980), anti-inflammatory (evans, 1991) and potent effects against mrsa (mic 1mgml -cbn is a trpv2 (high- threshold thermosensor) agonist (ec 77.7 m m) of possible interest in treatment of burns (qin et al ., 2008). like cbg, it inhibits keratinocyte proliferation (wilkinson and william- son, 2007), independently of cannabinoid receptor effects. cbn stimulates the recruitment of quiescent mesenchymal stem cells in marrow (10 m m), suggesting promotion of bone formation (scutt and williamson, 2007)
t3_g2wr2-t1_c1kjuwz-c1kk36q	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6856	i seem to cause miraculous recoveries as well.  two or three years ago, i went to go stay with my dad and step mom one summer, because water had accumulated in her heart and two of her valves were malfunctioning.  my dad had to work and she was already really weak and expected to have high risk open heart surgery, so they needed someone to be there with her all the time; they couldn't afford a nurse and i was out of work, so it seemed fitting.  they went in for an exam a week before the scheduled date, to confirm the procedure's necessity and that was when i decided to go.  i hung out with them two days before, the day before and the day of the surgery.  however, when they did the pre-procedure exam (i can't remember what it's called, but it's when they run a camera up your veins to see your heart), her heart was working **perfectly fine**.  the surgeon (who, at the time, was rated third in the country for this procedure) swore he had never seen nor heard of this happening and held her for close observation (they did the same procedure to her three more times over three days) before discharging her.  she wound up making a "full" recovery (diet adjustment, prescriptions, etc.) and they never cracked her chest open.  when i was in high school, my sister had a massive car accident - the driver over corrected off the bank of a freeway at 70 mph and rolled the car four times.  she had a closed head injury that was rated at a level 1 brain injury (coma) and was rushed to the hospital via life flight.  by the time she got there, it had been upgraded to level 2 but she was in such critical condition the doctors couldn't do anything.  so, of course, my mom pulls me out of school and we go visit her.  not 10 minutes after i went in to see her, the doctors did another exam and upgraded her to level 3.  she went on to have a full recovery (well, as near to full as you can from that sort of thing, there is some permanent damage and her life expectancy is shortened by 10-15 years) in the next 4 hours or so and was home with us the next day.  the year after i graduated high school, and was away at college, my mom got diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time.  the first time, the cancer had never progressed all the way to stage 1 before it went into remission and she had never told us (i was like 9 at the time, so it's understandable that she didn't bring it up because it was never "serious").  this time, it had progressed really rapidly and was already stage 2 when it was diagnosed (my mom had lapsed on her breast exams, shame on her).  my mom's not exactly a very forthcoming person with things she thinks are personal weaknesses, so she didn't tell me about this until it had progressed to stage 3 and the doctors were afraid that it was going to metastasize and had scheduled and immediate surgery - two days later.  i, of course, got in the car and drove home (i made the trip from daytona beach to nashville in just under 7 hours and got 2 speeding tickets in 2 states doing it).  i got there and spent the night and next day for her.  she went to the hospital and did her pre-procedure exam and the doctor called it off, as the tumor had shrunk.  they kept her in the hospital for 3 days to do observation and decided that the cancer had spontaneously gone into remission and were able to operate and only remove the tumor, rather than her entire breast.   those three occurrences are the only medical emergencies where someone's life has been threatened that i've been party to. i guess the universe balances out?  that's a scary thought.
t3_1ic3si-t3_1ic3si-cb3n3bj	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6627	years ago, my then boss was telling me about his wife's symptoms. she had a lump and pain in her breast, and she had been to the dr, who, upon hearing that her sister had died of breast cancer, told this mother of four children under ten years old that she had it (without any tests, wtf?!) and probably had six months to live. i had recently had a baby, and was nursing, and the symptoms sounded to me like mastitis, which can be cleared up by antibiotics. i told him to have her get a second opinion and i brought in some information for them, and sure enough, she had mastitis. she also had a nursing toddler, so that should have been one of the first things they thought of.  a few years ago, my mil was visiting us. when she arrived she didn't seem right. headaches, sleeping all the time. what clinched it for me was when she wasn't making sense, forgetting things like it being fathers day about fifteen times on that day, things that we had told her, etc. i finally left work, and insisted she go to the er, thinking she was taking too many medications and was having a drug interaction. they did a ct scan and told us she had a tumor in her brain and admitted her. a few days later, she saw a specialist and it turned out to be a large craniopharyngioma, which is a cyst on the pituitary. scary stuff. she had surgery and is basically fine now.  last week, my kid's friend, who had just returned from sleep away camp, asked me to look at a bug bite she had. she thought it was a tick bite. she was right, and the red ring around it told me she had lyme disease, so i told her parents she needed to be seen. se was, and she has lyme, but is on antibiotics and should be fine since we caught it early.  a friend i only know online asked me about some symptoms she was having after having her gallbladder out. i said it sounded like she had an impacted gallstone and she had jaundice and needed to get checked out right away, like er now. didn't hear from her for a few days since she was in the hospital being treated for jaundice from an impacted gallstone.  i am not a doctor, have no medical training other than cpr/first aid.
t3_2l56c6-t3_2l56c6-clrlprz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not a proper answer but i guess it all depends on type, location etc etc.   my mother had breast cancer with a  double mastectomy which failed to catch it and it spread to all parts of the body but eventually died from lesions  on the brain  she didn't suffer a single days pain over the years involved. a state which caused utter bewilderment  in the medical staff involved who always came in expecting to dope her up to the gills.    but for which then, as well as now many years later, i only had heartfelt relief
t3_ylwbr-t3_ylwbr-c5wtdga	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hahahah yes yes. trust me. for a few weeks i was positive my appendix was going to burst &amp; so i felt sore on the right side of my abdomen. and then i was sure i had breast cancer. now i'm worried i've got a tumor on my back like in 50/50. we're humans, we get aches and pains. it's completely normal. and it's kind of spectacular that our brain is powerful enough to fool us regularly to the point where we actually feel the pain. spectacular yet not cool.
t3_4xymkj-t3_4xymkj-d6k5q7u	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	late on this, but i'm still so pissed off at this professor.    mid-semester (too late to drop courses) the entire right side of my body went numb.  i couldn't write or type easily, and it was pretty nerve-wracking because i had a ton of doctors' appointments to figure out what was wrong.  i told my professors because my classwork was affected.  i was eventually diagnosed with ms.  i emailed my professors to ask for incomplete grades because it was a lot to process, and i was struggling with the symptoms as well as wrapping my 20-year-old brain around having an incurable and possibly debilitating illness.  all of my professors were very nice about it and agreed to give me incompletes so i could take the rest of the semester to get second opinions and figure out treatment.  one professor in particular, my chemistry professor, even went so far as to commiserate with me about medical issues.  she told me she had dealt with breast cancer and understood how difficult these things could be.   fast-forward a few weeks to the end of a semester; the chemistry professor failed me.  i figured she probably just forgot and emailed her.  her response was "i changed my mind."  what?!?!?  i was devastated.  had i known, i could have made some effort to try to finish the class.  it is literally one of the biggest reasons i took a 5 year break from school before going back (almost finished now, at a different school).  fuck that professor.
t3_304xv0-t3_304xv0-cppivac	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom had had some weird medical problems, including two rounds of breast cancer, one of which got a paper written on it because of the weird shape the tumor was in. she'd had a chest mri recently that was clear, but she was starting to have trouble walking. neurologist sent her in for a head mri because it looked like ms, and she could just have lesions on her brain and upper spinal chord.  the morning after the mri, she woke up unable to control her lower body. i drove her to the er, and the doc there acted like he had no idea why she was up there and pretty much blew her off, saying that she should have just made an appointment with the neurologist again. fortunately, the nurses paid more attention, checked her bladder and did a catheter before it burst. her md had been notified when he came in, so he stopped for a visit and was ready to murder the er doc when he heard what happened.   he arranged for a transfer to a different hospital on the spot. turns out her cancer had come back in the space of a couple months and had spread to her spine. it eventually killed her, but thanks to quick treatment (tumor removal, reinstating chemo, etc,) she lasted almost another year.  tl;dr: er doc nearly let my mom's bladder burst and could have ended up delaying cancer treatment.
t3_3x8j83-t3_3x8j83-cy2lc1t	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you. i was constipated in september (been suffering from gi issues for the last 2 years, have had many tests including colonoscopy and am basically undiagnosed ibs) and tried to fix it myself. then i went to an eye doc for what i thought was a stye on my eye and was told i probably had lymphoma and had to get a biopsy. got through that hellish two weeks and returned to my stomach problems. saw gyno in october and she found a lump on my breast and made me get an ultrasound like it was no big thing. freaked over that. belly distress continued and i continued trying to treat. thought i was getting better but recent x-ray shows i'm still backed up somehow. and am now panicked over that. right now.  my friend's mom has a brain tumor and gets her official diagnosis tomorrow. my aunt with blood cancer is currently in the hospital. and everything sucks.
t3_2rvfew-t3_2rvfew-cnjoo13	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.663	my mom having brain tumors.  the year before she had breast cancer and she had surgery, chemo and during radiation they found it had spread to her stomach. and it was about 8 months from her first diagnosis.. she had trouble with one of her hands, i forget which. i think it was her right because she was right handed. she couldn't hold a utensil or things like that. her other hand was fine, i remember that. and i remembered learning in psychology in high school how the brain affects the left or right part of our body and i remember thinking it had spread to her brain.  it was my first year of college, i was 18 and i remember going to pick her up from chemo. she usually met me outside. i was working and went to classes. and i remember being annoyed she was late, a memory that has haunted me to this day. i parked and went inside and she was on the floor surrounded by nurses and doctors. and thats the night we found out it spread to her brain. it was a couple of weeks after i noticed the changes in her.  she died a few months later. two weeks after mothers day. i remember that on mothers day i bought her her favorite soup for mothers day and she was never hungry enough to eat it and i had to throw it out after she died.
t3_4xzxe3-t1_d6karlx-d6kbalo	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5243	my aunt had breast cancer and my nine-year-old cousin has stage four brain cancer. i understand the pain and the fear, man. my aunt is alive and well (successfully had a mastectomy) and my little cousin is a fucking warrior and is receiving chemo right now. all you can do is support your mom. i know this is terrifying for both of you, but you can find strength in each other and others that care about you both. try to keep strong, but don't be afraid to acknowledge the hardships that you and your mom are battling, and don't be afraid when you occasionally feel weak. hope it works out. i'm sure it will
t3_22kt5a-t3_22kt5a-cgnve4b	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	because it is really easy to cure cancer in a very specific environment in rats.   it is far harder to cure it in humans with the hundreds of thousands of different variants and situations that exist.  firstly, i absolutely hate the term "cure cancer" because cancer isn't one disease. it's hundreds, with varying levels of danger. breast cancer, if detected on time, is nearly never fatal. the worst that happens is the loss of a breast, but that is nothing compared to keeping your life. hard to detect cancers like lung cancer are much more dangerous. it is nearly impossible to treat and even harder to catch, so when they do catch it it's too late. there is also skin cancer, bone marrow cancer, prostate cancer, brain cancer, etc etc. each with different causes, each with different treatments. there is no and never will be a singular cure for cancer.   but it is easy to write "octopus eggs cure cancer". it is really easy to write that. when in fact they found that protein xy1234 in the eggs of an octopus makes cancerous cells in rat spinal chord cancer more susceptible to chemo, meaning you can use slightly less powerful chemicals and have people not experience such bad effects.   but, after the trial with rats are done they may go on to a more complicated animal. find one with spinal chord cancer. see that the protein did nothing to said animal and that maybe with the rat it was a fluke, or something else made the cancer weaker. whatever it is, it's back to the drawing board.   so yeah. blame the media for hopping onto each lab report that the sap from an african tree cures cancer in one rat and making it read sap cures cancer.
t3_28axzi-t3_28axzi-ci96h93	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes they are stupid in this, but lets talk about depression vs adhd.    1)  people commit suicide due to depression and it is obvious after the fact that the person was depressed and it was probably one of the reason they committed suicide (even though with suicide there is often no single reason but instead a multiude of reasons).  2)  everybody can be sad so it is a lot easier for people to understand a bleakness that does not go away.  it is a lot easier to empathize with.  -----  add to the fact  3)  scientist while they know adhd exist have not "proven" how adhd occurs.  scientists though have a good knowledge of how to treat it, and thus a good idea why it occurs, but they have not found the multitude of magical genes and environmental factors that will trigger the various forms of brain chemistry that causes adhd.  thus you have doubt it really exists unlike something like breast cancer where you can say this defective gene causes you to have a 50% to 66% to have breast cancer by age 70.  4)  there is no good test for adhd, instead you watch a person with adhd and once you have a good knowledge of their history, you test drugs on them and see if they improve.  -----  now combine 1, 2, 3 and 4 and add these things (which add controversy and non seriousness to the discussion)  5)  corporations are evil, adhd drugs have massive increases in sales in the last 35 or so years and the amount of diagnosis have skyrocketed.  i would argue this was due to the ama adding adhd in 1980 to the list of official disorders and thus more attention was going to adhd.  with more people being diagnosed we gain a better understanding of adhd and the drug companies modified existing drugs to work better for adhd (time release).  furthermore by discovering by accident we found out other drugs (wellburtin, other antidepressants, strattera, intuniv, kapvay) actually also treat adhd symptoms.  in effect it was not a science problem but instead a testing and marketing problem and the drug industry excels at the last two but they are not good at creating new drugs from scratch/accident for that is damn hard.  6)  younger and younger kids are being diagnosed with adhd and treated with medicines and this scares people.  how can you know a toddler or 5 year old has something with no test?  7)  there are some people that do not believe adhd exist, and the media (not just the nyt) tries to be "balanced" by stating it as a controversy.  **8)  people that advocate adhd suck at communicating.**  if you can not give a 2 sentence answer on how you are like people (so they can empathize) and yet tell them how you fundamentally are different and **why this disorder is serious and life changing.**  then you will not be taken seriously.  on point 8 we do have a two sentence answer, but the two sentence answer stinks.  "saying its hard for me to focus.  unlike you its all the time" is a thing people associate with silliness and non seriousness.
t3_1c1c2p-t3_1c1c2p-c9cb6mp	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a few things that have happened to my family that have defied explanation for me. this story has bigger picture but this is the best synopsis i've got.  1: my grandmother, about 20 years ago drove up on a car accident in her town. relatively small town and a two lane highway. she noticed the car smoking and in the ditch and saw the driver in the seat struggling to get out of the car. she talked to him for just moment and assessed injuries. serious head trauma, open wound across his head and arm. he was coherent, but was scared to death due to a severe loss of blood. she asked him his name and he told her. she got up and went to her car grabbed her bible and recited a verse from it including his name, about a minute in time lapsed. she kneeled next him and both the head wound and the arm wound had stopped bleeding. he was very awake, looked at her and asked "what did you do? the bleeding just, stopped." she said that she said a prayer.   2: growing up in a christian home, i've witnessed prayer do alot of things. another thing that happened was to my wife's first cousin. 8 years ago, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. my wife, told the pastor about it and we began to pray for her. she eventually had to have her breasts removed and underwent chemo as well. lost her hair, everything, it was really, really bad. so about 6 months go by and she starts complaining with horrendous headaches. she goes in and finds out that the cancer has spread to her brain. they do chemo, and ultimately brain surgery. they remove what they can, and say there's nothing they can do and stop all treatment. the church finds out and starts praying for her. she goes in for a followup a month later to find out how long she has and it's gone. in its entirety. i mean, literally, gone. she's been cancer free for 5 1/2 years now.   got several other stories but don't have time to write anymore right this moment. edited for fat fingers hitting the wrong numbers
t3_2y1rsv-t3_2y1rsv-cp6yv9r	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.665	you're right. outlook is not good. went through it with my mother. it was the metastasized breast cancer. i did a lot of internet research and knew it was coming and think it helped me process the death before it happened. other family members were in denial and the impact was much more severe to them once she passed. if i personally was talking to someone about to go through what i did, i would suggest seeing a therapist throughout to process what is going on. i did and am glad i did. i cried a lot in there but it helped me process. like i said some family members didn't and i can't help but think it would have helped them tremendously. just be there for your friend if he wants to talk about it or if he doesn't. i got very tired of talking about it that i avoided people to not have to talk about it. it will be on his mind with every conversation, interaction he has.    i never understood people giving food for people in tough times until i went through this and realized between all the trips to the pharmacy, doctors  and with care giving no one has time to cook or even get take out. dad lost a lot of weight, he was too exhausted to remember to eat. perhaps organize people giving prepared meals when things progress and your friends days are filled with the care giving.  with my mom they found the lesions in her spine first when she complained of back pai n after 17 years in remission. the doctor said the longest they had seem someone live from that stage was 2 years. my mom made it 4. once we knew it was in her brain stem the doctors said they were stopping treatment. it was heartbreaking to see someone hear that news when they wanted to keep fighting. my mom passed away within 4 months of them finding it in her brain.  over the 4 years she fought like hell and tried every cancer fighting drug available, was part of many drug studies, had blood transfusions, took bone strengthening meds. she did radiation and chemo.  some of the drugs that were in study stage when she tried them have now passed so i hope these drugs improve the outlook.    going through it all it was comforting to know people i did not expect to care did care. so touching to see who all came to the funeral to provide support. people are amazing. a group of friends sent a gift basket full of tea, cheese, snacks, chocolate to me with a thoughtful thinking of you card. that was very comforting. we didn't necessarily sit down and enjoy the basket, more so had snacks and comfort food when we were on the run. i was so touched by the unexpected gesture.  i think responding to this may have helped me too. i am a reddit lurker, not a poster but feel like i was meant to come across this post and respond. you are a good friend! just keep doing what you're doing.
t3_z02bh-t3_z02bh-c60f1k4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sweetness, i don't have experience with this cancer, but have lots of experience with the brain fog. i had breast cancer with mets to the brain. over the years i've had whole head radiation and gamma knife surgery.   as for losing his memories, i don't specifically know what you mean by that.   my grandmother is dying of alzheimer's. we made it a point of going through the [story corp](http://storycorps.org/record-your-story/question-generator/list/) questions and getting her to answer either on video or just audio with our iphones.   her history wasn't lost and now we have something to prompt her with.  i know it's not the same thing, but just asking the questions made a big deal.  hugs.
t3_2vhzr7-t3_2vhzr7-coi9j53	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	27/f here. in college i was convinced i had ovarian cancer or breast cancer. i would palpate my skin until i was bruised, but id freak out about the bruises and think i had leukemia. i've had terrible fears of diabetes, ms, brain cancer, stroke, heart attack, etc. if i get a fever i'm terrified it'll get too high and i'll have a seizure. the list is endless. but you know what? i'm alive. i'm healthy, my heart is healthy. i'm on lexapro which helps a ton. i'll be seeing a therapist in two weeks for cbt and it's going to be okay.
t3_1dygv6-t3_1dygv6-c9v47j4	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you are the scum of the earth. fucking pathetic piece of shit you are. normally i don't get this mad on here but i've seen my friend battle brain cancer, my friends' mother die of breast cancer, my grandmother die of lung cancer, my grandpa die of colon cancer, my father have to be constantly checked for colon cancer along with myself and i have had numerous breast cancer scares. how dare you, you piece of shit.
t3_z8h47-t3_z8h47-c62gynn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7856	i had to watch my mother die from breast cancer for over a year. the cancer eventually metastasized to basically everywhere (eyes, brain, breast, liver, kidney). she got put into the hospital for what they would discover later was a liver that  was not filtering blood but i woke up on a sunday morning ecstatic to visit her like i had every other day and my aunt's phone rings (she stayed with us so my dad could stay at the hospital). i run and get it for her and stand there while she answers it, just to see complete devastation fill her being. pretty difficult for an 11 year old to deal with. not to mention that jut over a year later, my grandmother died of cancer and 6 months after that my other grandmother died of cancer. this all happened 4  and a half years ago but just last week i learned that one of my aunts was diagnosed with brain cancer and her brother in law has lymphoma.  tl;dr **fuck cancer**
t3_m0b12-t1_c2x25n0-c2x317i	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, if you want to extend selfishness to some kind of all inclusive buddhist/pantheist/panentheist/pagan kind of definition, then i guess altruism would have to be selfish so long as we're aware of others.  logically speaking, empathy can't exist.  or if it did then we wouldn't be able to support the idea of the self.  i'm pretty sure david lewis talks about this when he talks about sherlock holmes and the blob.  that's because he embeds it in modal logic.  i can't remember his argument though.  aristotle also talks about this when he talks about the tragedy and catharsis.  but if you want to talk about psychology, catharsis doesn't work, it makes matters worse.  one of the things i think of when i think of empathy:  a family member dies, somebody says to you "i know how you feel."  well, you can say "thank you" and take it as some kind of sympathy, or you can say "no you fucking don't" and reject empathy.  but to say "yes, i know you understand" implies that another person knew all your ties, all your relations, and every single bit about why that person was meaningful (or not) to you.  or another case:  you develop cancer.  one of your buddies says "i know how you must feel, my mother had cancer."  well, yeah, the mother had cancer but not the person who is speaking to you.  and then there is the whole point that people experience things different, which means that two people with breast cancer don't even understand how the other feels.  they understand that parts of it suck, and of course we understand some things like pain.  but we don't ever know what another persons pain is.  we can't _feel_ for somebody else, because it's connected to their consciousness and self awareness.  it's a brain thing.  the existential state, and existential experiences are why we can't experience empathy.  we can assume that we know something similar, but then we're taking a guess.  epistemologically speaking there are a million problems that come from that.  here is an exercise, assuming you're pretty decent with symbolic logic.  try to write out an argument to prove empathy.  try to prove it is different from sympathy.  you would have to bastardize the term, and then it's not empathy anymore.  in terms of misanthropy, i don't really think this is a clear correlation either.  i think this is what happens when we confuse rationality with ethics.  because we're irrational doesn't mean we're unethical.  especially since the former deals with biological concerns, and the latter deals with our perception of applied biological terms to make social imperatives.
t3_2rujox-t3_2rujox-cnjphd2	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh do i know health anxiety. it's the worst and it has run large portions of my life. at it's worst, i was barely functional. couldn't sleep, was having anxiety attacks all the time and was getting very depressed. it's so terrible to think that you're constantly going to die and constantly looking for new symptoms in your body.   this fall, i decided enough was enough and decided to see a psychologist. it has helped tremendously! while my health anxiety isn't gone, it is certainly more manageable and i'm coping much better. here are the tips i've learned:  1) stay off google, web md, all of that stuff! it does not help to google symptoms, even though you have a strong desire to do it at the time. it never helps. if your symptoms are incredibly troubling, or you want to ease your mind, go to your doctor. they're the only ones qualified to diagnose you. and just as a heads up, if your doctor orders blood tests or ultrasounds or whatever, don't freak out. it's easy to go "they must think i'm dying, why else would they order these tests for me?!?!", but it's important to remember that they're just doing their job. they're being thorough and you went there for a reason. i've gone and had lots of tests ordered and they've all come back normal or something that requires a very simple fix. it's never been anything serious or life threatening.   2) i don't know what you're currently obsessing over (for myself, i bounce around to different things. one week it's ovarian cancer, another week it's ms, another week i have a brain tumor, another month i have lupus, another time it's breast cancer, etc, etc.) but one thing i found surprisingly helpful was keeping a "pain log." for example, i had been experiencing pain in my lower groin and up my side. i was convinced that i had some sort of cancer in that area. my psychologist had me keep a pain log, where i would track my pain from a scale of 1-10 throughout the day (1 being barely there, 10 being unbearable). i would right down my pain after events during the day - for example, breakfast, dance class, lunch, homework, dinner, etc). to my surprise, the pain never made it past a 3 and usually was at a 1 or 2. i realized that my pain was made worse when i was doing exercise or just after, and that i was making it out to be so much worse in my head than it was. i went and saw a sports doctor and they told me i had a joint that was out of place, causing all the pain. not cancer at all, totally harmless :)   3) every time i've been convinced i'm dying, i'm not. i know that i have health anxiety and i know that i pay way too much attention to the symptoms that go on in my body. just try to keep perspective and remind yourself that you've been fine before and you will be fine again, and this is the anxiety taking hold.   4) stop checking. this was huge for me. whenever something new would pop up, i would google it, press it, check it, look at it, etc. breaking the cycle of checking is hard but once you do you will feel so much more free. checking is what keeps you in that anxiety loop and keeps you obsessing over it. in the beginning, even if you can delay your checking by 20 minutes, that's good. during those twenty minutes, do some evidence based thinking or writing. "what are the odds that i really have this? what is the evidence that this is something benign?", etc. after a while, you want to stop the checking all together.  5) stay active and healthy and engaged. i tend to get into slumps during my really bad phases of anxiety. try to stay as engaged in your life as possible, or take up a new sport or hobby! exercise is super helpful. i started doing hot yoga and found that within a couple weeks, i was feeling much better mentally and physically.   6) this is a random one, and i don't necessarily recommend starting with this strategy but it has been useful to me at certain points in my life. it sounds counter intuitive, but it works. if you can't stop obsessing, no matter what, then go ahead. give yourself twenty minutes or half an hour where you freak out and check and worry and lose your mind. don't let your mind wander to anything else. if you stop worrying, make yourself worry again about this. for 30 minutes, worrying is all you're allowed to do. once those 30 minutes are up there, then they're done. carry on with the rest of your day and push the anxious thoughts away when they come in. then, do it again the next day. 30 minutes of worry time. you'll be surprised how quickly the anxiety becomes boring and less interesting when you make yourself do it. again, i don't need to use this strategy anymore because i've gotten quite good at using the other techniques but i've used it before and weirdly enough it was a good tactic.   those are the best things i did for myself. it takes time and practice and i think it's great you're planning on seeing someone, it really does help. anxiety sucks and it really sucks to think you're dying all the time. don't give up, i know it's incredibly difficult getting through the dark times but you can and will get better and you will learn how to cope with this. good luck!!!
t3_2qd2ql-t1_cn5a8rn-cn5bl73	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7961	i'm not the most patient person, and it feels like i've already waited a lifetime (hell, technically, i have - and we have). this isn't fair. it is not fair for there to exist a society in which if i had breast cancer and simply needed mastectomy for that, there are multiple local surgeons who would want to take care of me, and who even take both my insurance sources.  yet if i am a man, and just need bodily congruency, well, fuck me, right?  meanwhile, there are options, perhaps in other states. perhaps in other cities. but nothing comes close to being available in this bumfuck nowheresville territory that has a reputation only for black market marijuana and nothing else. literally nothing good comes from this hellhole.  mind over matter. i understand but it simultaneously strikes me the same way "get over it" does when people tell me to stop being depressed. or angry. or anything else that feels out of my control. a lot of it is actually out of my control, and only regular medicine can hope to temporarily tame it.  so the chemical misfiring of my brain factors in and makes this already troubling circumstance into an insurmountable mountain fit for nothing except jumping off of.  figuratively speaking.  i am doing everything i can to feel better, but it does not help. what helps is progress. what helps is feeling like i'm doing something towards getting these damn surgeries i need so badly. fixing this body. sitting here ignoring it may eventually help, but that help is temporary at best and doesn't bring me any closer.  i'm sorry. i have no issue with your advice. i appreciate it. thank you. and i shall use it. and i am doubly sorry that you're experiencing it to. i wouldn't wish it on anyone. i just doubt i'll ever save up enough, because i live paycheck to paycheck and have debt out my ass and a credit score that is absolute shit (less than 500 and falling) and just see no way out of this hole because i am unemployable, cannot work, draw disability, and am barely able to make ends meet each month.  the system is rigged against people like me.
t3_1f6yuw-t1_ca823h2-ca827zn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7498	yeah, she had breast cancer at first, it turned out she had been wearing a wig all year but she decided her hair was finally long enough (still very short) and didn't wear it one day. but she later developed brain cancer, which it seems is a lot faster.
t3_dnlor-t1_c11kzo6-c11l2ui	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree. my father has brain cancer and it seems to make people far more uncomfortable than breast cancer. i think that the whole "breast cancer awareness" thing has been blown up into a fun boob party for some of these marketers. like many others, i have known several people who have had breast cancer, and all this "i like it on..." and pink shit doesn't seem to do too much. i'd rather see people donate money than update their facebook statuses.   also, according to [this](http://www.cancerservicesonline.org/cancer_awareness.asp) website, there are nine months of the year that have some time dedicated to some form of cancer. in theory, we should be wearing and doing stuff for every form of cancer out there, not just the popular ones.
t3_2g3l14-t1_ckfi3a9-ckfiyzu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.594	i know she was only telling me so i wouldn't worry. after her breast cancer went into remission i thought she was going to be fine. either she told me and i've blocked it out, or i misunderstood but she had bone cancer too. she said something about incurable. but when it came back on her liver and had spread to her brain we kinda knew it was serious, but she refused to give in. she went from being able to walk and stuff to having to be sedated and on morphine because the brain tumor went from bad to severe. in 36 ish hours.    not sure why i've gone and told a story... i think i just needed to get some of it out.
t3_3uo16o-t1_cxgi3d3-cxgmqxc	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7435	about 20 years ago, my mother got diagnosed with breast cancer. she had a mastectomy and chemo and came out ahead after a year of fighting it. she spent the next 10 years going in for her yearly checkup, finally being declared a success after her 10th trip. i remember we all kind of celebrated when we found out-nothing formal, mind you, just a kind of collective family sigh of relief.  about a year later, she tripped coming down the steps and landed pretty hard on her left hip. she was only in her late 50s, so not quite into the classic "old lady falls and breaks her hip and spends the rest of her life using a walker" stage, but, still, old enough for some concern, so she went to the hospital to get checked out, ya know, just to make sure she didn't break anything.  they found a tumor on the x-ray. fucking motherfucking, piece-of-shit, cock-sucking bone cancer. she beat breast cancer only to have a completely different type jump up and kick her in the face anyway.   now, the problem with bone cancers is: it's damn near impossible to actually cure them. soft tissue cancers, they can cut out the big chunks, pump you full of poison and have a decent shot at eliminating it, but that's pretty difficult to do when it comes to bone cancer, especially when it's in the pelvic girdle. but they *can* generally control them, at least as long as the treatments keep working. as her oncologist often said, "my job in this is to keep the cancer away long enough for something else to kill you". my mom stuck with her because she appreciated her candor and brusk manner.  the first treatment she went on (the one with the least amount of side-effects, she was determined to avoid anything like the effects of chemo she had been through with the breast cancer, especially since now it wouldn't be working towards a cure) was explained as likely only working for about six months before either the cancer got out ahead of it or the side effects (neuropathy of the hands being the most common) got too bad to endure. that shit worked for damn near five years before it's efficacy started to drop off. then started the cycling of treatments (including two that didn't exist when she was first diagnosed): a year here, six months there.    until finally, last november, they reached the point where the only  options left were the really extreme forms of chemo. those ones that took all your hair and left you sick for 5 days after your weekly treatment. well, my mom literally feared those more than death, so she opted to discontinue treatment and switch to comfort care. we had a great christmas: my daughter was home for a week from the army and the rest of us lived close, so we got to spend a lot of time with her while she was feeling pretty strong. less than a month later, one week before my birthday, she was gone. we were lucky in that, unlike many who pass from bone cancer, her pain was well-controlled and she died peacefully.  during this time, we always wondered if every holiday with her was going to be the last. every celebration had that faint pall of death floating over it, because we never knew if her cancer was going to metastasize into someplace like her brain or pancreas and take her from us in a few days or weeks. some of her greatest worries involved missing events in her grandchildren's lives. but she got to see both of my kids graduate from 8th grade, multiple formal dances, my daughter's quinceanera, my daughter's high school and army graduations, my graduation from community college (after i went back to redeem my earlier mistakes that lead to my dropping out when i was 18) and she only missed my son's high school graduation and my university graduation by a few months. so at least she knew things were going to be good for us.  tl;dr: fucking fuck cancer.
t3_1ev91z-t1_ca44kcc-ca47t44	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.6709	this one hit me very hard because my father died about 13 years ago (as of june) from cancer, and his rapid decline within less than a year (he started showing signs of illness in november of 1999, and was dead in june of 2000) so fast that no treatment would have been successful (it was stage 4 carcinoma, which had aggressively spread from his right kidney and into his lungs, they presumed it had started at least 8 months to a year prior, and by the time he was feeling sick (pneumonia that didnt quit) it had eaten one lung and taken out the other. chemotherapy had helped it advance faster and by the time he died, it had taken out one lung completely, where it no longer functioned, but was a mass of cancer cells, and the other one was beginning to fail, and had spread into his heart, which is why it gave out when someone yelled at him. (that's another rage inducing story)    then my mother had a cancer scare in 2003 that were benign cysts and growths on her ovaries. they removed 11 lbs of mass from her abdomen.   then after christmas of 2010, early 2011, my mother had a spasm in her neck that resulted in ungodly amounts of pain. after dealing with a bunch of idiots who misdiagnosed it as a plethora of things, one idiot got it mostly right and claimed she had a cyst on her bicep. got to the surgeon and he took one glance at the x-ray and went nope. had her go to a cancer specialist at a prominent hospital. turned out she had three tumors on her right arm. two on her bicep, and one in her shoulder that wrapped around her brachial plexus, disabling her arm.  worse, that one was a stage 4 tumor, a sarcoma. thankfully we caught it just as it was about to grow into some crucial tissue (bone tissue, and an inch away from breast tissue). chemotherapy and surgical removal once the tumor shrunk down to the size of an egg, it was gone, with all traces of cancer gone.  however, during all of that, i saw her go through many of the same stages as that woman went through. it was heartbreaking and scary because we had yet to know if the treatment was working. she spent a good part of 2012 partially paralyzed due to the after effects of chemo (spoilers: it wreaks havoc on your nervous system and causes minor brain damage, this is something they won't tell you upfront.)   she's back to being mobile again, but it's scary and heartbreaking, especially if you already lost one parent as it is.
t3_2dxn19-t1_cjuhfun-cjuhroe	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my point is it is divisive to prioritize one experience over any other, especially when scientific research supports the idea that there are a lot of commonalities between transgender and cisgender women; morphological similarities indicate that despite different genitals, our brain patterns can function in very similar ways.  i have never and will never presumed to understand what it means to be a woman. there are too many people from too many backgrounds with too diverse an array of experiences to characterize them all as the woman experience. the fact that all of them, as a composite, form a conversation about what it means to be a woman in the first place is instructive, i think, because it demonstrates that many people don't share a common life story, but can share attributes that we can use to build real coalitions of lgbt allies, especially allies for women.  i would likewise contend that characterizing the discussion as one about genitals first is trivializing and triggering for a whole host of women, as there are women born with penises, without vulva, many different forms, shapes and variations of labia. there are men who grow breasts or are born with vulva, so using the body as a benchmark for deciding who gets to be a woman is decidedly problematic. while i would not throw a fit in attending a penis convention, i might be slightly upset that you won't even let me participate in an equal member of the conversation because you are making presumptions about my life and body experience about which you are not qualified. i don't currently have a vagina, though i desperately wish i could have been born into a cisgender female body. is it fair for you to limit out my experience because i have different parts than you? what about breast cancer survivors who have double mastectomies? intersex folk who are born with both, opposite, or neither genital configurations? they have valid life experiences too, and it seems overly trivial to try and place one of those on a pedestal as necessarily more important because of a fixation on bodies which no one should feel comfortable policing.
t3_2mzma9-t1_cm932jj-cm9a6yz	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;worlds citizens of addressings advancings neurosciences radiating technologies impacts of populations physical and mental health-freedoms with next generations and international society rights awarenesses. "hong kong justice and microwave beam radiation" very extraordinary phenomenon and all compass in hk disoriented(abnormal emr power effects)in urgent appeal and petition to un/who on 'google/yahoo'. it is confirmed hksar in perpetuals exercisings in of the neurosciences radiating technologies airborne 'bio-neuro-effects'(us patent: 4877027; 5800481; 6011991; 6167304; 6488617; .......)via giant microwave antenna array at of broadcasting since years and in the on-goings, and in of x-hi radiation with hk observatory recorded lowest 1,300 msv/hr(65 folds over the radiation absorbtion limit for human per year)coupling satellite the secret surveillances over individuals and populations most privacy, of extensives perpetuatings atrocious acts of law enforcement in anywhere effectings deep livelihoods, safeties and health of complete population in hk  and  the neurotransmittings effects of anywhere from hk effectings others regions in pan asia pacific and far to n.america. the proof of the hk materials research unraveled(apr.04,2013)all children born in hk does self-administrating abilities decreasings(neuro-associative disorders), other research(apr.24,13) revealed hk chilrden in extra high trend of narcissit(self loving psycho), eye-health-sight damagings of small children and teens("ultrstructural changes in rabbit lens induced by microwave radiation"), the emergings of fast rising skeletal &amp; developing irregularities of children(inter-neural-physio malpractisings), hk health official survey(jun.23,2013)confirmed special alert over hk children critically housing in abnormal high 20%------"high power emf effects", hk public panel( may,28,2013)survey warranted the unusual suicidal spate of young children(youngest at 9 years old) and youngs-----"neurochem-mental effects", the hk news report(apr.11,2013)reasserted hk youngs ages acquired brain diseases parkinsons in high risings---"neuro-brain degenerative diseases", hk news report(jun.18,2013)assured alarmings increases of hk new born babies with the gens defects devoted to congenital metabolism deficiencies in with enzymes deficits consequented to organs failures and bran development impairments---"high strengths emr effects", the compulsives high promotions cancerous diseases(hk news report(may,15,2013 )affirmed 50% increasings of breast cancer in hk women, and on aug.13,2013 indicated 450% increasings of neuro-endocrine tumour incidences in hk, high incidences of youngchild cancers in hk-----"high energy emr effects of melatonin", the techno-neural-physio transmittings as of bio-physics effects over publics domain, with of hk news report(aug.24,2013)showed 50% of all hk pupils with the mental-ill symptoms of anxieties, yet forthcomings hospitals &amp; professionals erroneous as with the verified surgeon doctors(on may,22,2013)unveiled unwittings cognitive impairings of big fault with wrong heart blood type transplanted operatives, and on aug.19,2013 an hk university cardiology expert doctors had been suspended from the licensing surgeons as causes----"brain-eegs wave effects", again(on may,28,2013)hk nurses susceptibilities to emr hypersensitivities in disconnecting oxygen devices causings patient collapsed, in again on sept.06,2013 a patient with artificial respiratory airway died of it blocked by tissues, and other patient died as it blocked by gauze in other hospitals in hk, financial markets professions in with publicised unprofessionals mistaken transactions on aug.16&amp;19 sequals----"brain-waves effects ",  premature aging syndromes of healthy adults and mental-brain health morbidity(high rate of skilled marathon games runner and trained pilots/drivers in fatqiue/faints/ deaths----"immune-metabolism disarrays", in with ceasless the qualitative denote electro-stimulus frequencies stimulations of the indubitable concertings of social discontentings and resentments over individuals and society-community manifested with different govt., in with the consistents high growings bellicose groups of the anti-society-govt rhetorics of in the showings worlds news daily. and in the absolute deprivings of right to life health freedoms of peoples globes, special of needy-ill-adaptings groups worlds.  ("the delcaration of universal human rights", un. 1943").  when of the realizings the neurotechnologies irradiations toxics effects in have the humans bio-physio-genetics health functionals("neurological effects of radiofrequencies electromagnetic radiation", dr.henry lai on 'internet'), and the lesionings of immunological reactivities, bio-celluous lipid and proteins sugars enzymes interpretations irregularities, the sciences proof of humans dna strands damages of its profound repairing functions and gens mediatings-translations in health reproducitivity("biological effects of narrow band pulsed electric fields"), and of endure exogenous surging power resonances elf bioelectric pulses-trains irritation sof bio-celluous-chem dynamics impairments and structures-growths anomalies of cancer incidences("high energy emf effects on cancer, melatonin and tamosiffen"), the continuities of the modulatd elf stimuli-impulses-trains frequencies in of vital direct intrusive stimulatings of humans brain of neurological disruptive psychic-psycho effected mental health("microwave bioeffect congruecne with schizophrenia")of which blind can see(images projectings direct on to occipital cortexes), deaf can hear(mimic sounds.speeches transmittings in to hearing zone of brain cortexes), brain eegs and morphologies, intra-cortecis inter-actings, neural-physiology disarrays, memories functionings, neurasyphilis, and the studied 'blood-brain-barrier' in impairments, and of non bio-physio functionals bindings mechanism of brain, of producing interferences, with of the rapid growings diagnosis of psychiatric-psycho with of young ages among common populations, with of to irreparable involuntary suicides deposits to seniors developed adults with of life-unrests-disturbings(washington navy yard suicidal shootings in sept.2013), and with of horrific highcrime in-ac-cidents. equipped with dream-manipulations functionings at night sleepings, and 24hrs-days-years hallucinations phenomenon, enticings mental state sets discords irregularities of individuals and populations, the bio-neural-physio abnormalities effects to students youngs and adukts, with of leans &amp; cognitions, behaviourals-psycho, and mnestic abilities developments inhabituations deficiencies alienations, with of to in schoolings-works-life disengaings. ("humans sciences"/"human brain sciences")..   cont'd.  ..............    wut
t3_abwcx-t3_abwcx-c0gtz11	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7587	oh sweetness, how i can relate.  12 years ago i was diagnosed with stage iv inflammatory breast cancer. the cancer had spread to numerous places and surgery was definitely not an option. i was six weeks past my 31st birthday and told reaching my 32nd was very unlikely. google me. i use my real name. i've been covered in numerous newspapers, magazines and television. my case is also taught at the va as how not to treat a patient.   1. ignore the prognosis. ignore the prognosis. did you hear what i said? ignore the prognosis. doctors practice the art of medicine. they are not fortune-tellers.  2. call social security. immediately. ask them what forms are needed  to receive disability. liver cancer isn't fun, but it is survivable. you will need to get the social security disability application started now. essentially you get a form from the social security website, take it to the doctor, s/he fills it out saying you are unable to work for a least a year because of an advanced cancer diagnosis and you return it to the ssa.   3. stay on top of them. they have lots of hoops for you to jump through. keep jumping. once you get the social security disability, you are automatically qualified for your state's medicaid. (an advanced cancer is much more likely to be fast-tracked than a soft-tissue injury like a hurt back.)   4. go the nci website. look at the liver cancer section. read everything. start here: http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/pdq/treatment/adult-primary-liver/patient. i can tell you when you look up my cancer it says almost everyone dies in the first 5 years and the rest die in the next 5 years. clearly i am still here 12 year later. the statistics don't matter as you are a statistic of one. ignore the doctor's prognostics.   5. since it doesn't sound like you have much of a support system, or at least one you'd like to use right now, you need to take the lead on this. figure out what options you have for treatment if money is no object. this is the treatment you are going to fight for.   when i was diagnosed, i was told repeatedly, by numerous different doctors and numerous different hospitals that i was going to die. one was kind enough to give me the contact information for hospice. i chose to ignore them. it was hard. when i first got the diagnosis, i cried for an entire day. then i got on the internet for the next three days and researched my brain out. i looked at all the research. if they had published in english, i called them. i called some researcher in italy, another in south africa, and a dozen across the us. i figured out the latest and greatest treatments and went back to the doctors and told them how we were going to proceed.   i fired lots of doctors. if they didn't believe i could survive, i didn't want them anywhere around me or my care. my cancer was a rare one, but those who did know what it was almost always gave me what i called the deer in the headlight look. they were incredulous that despite a very advanced case of inflammatory breast cancer, i was still alive, standing there and getting pissed because i was kept waiting.   i was always kind of an in-your-face person. that served me well. i was such a pain in the ass, it was easier to treat me than to not treat me. i wasn't rude, but i was the most persistent patient they had ever seen. and sometimes i needed to be rude. you need to become the most persistent patient they have ever seen.   6. in the mean time, track down the social service arm of the hospital. what services are available?   7. google liver cancer support groups. i wasn't much for the emotional support, but these support groups have people who are ahead of you in treatment. ask what others are getting in terms of treatment for a similarly staged liver cancer. also, there are thousands of people diagnosed with cancer who don't have insurance. find out what options others have found on these support groups.   8. when i found out i had cancer i was alone. i told my boyfriend at the time and then called my mother later that night. i have a large family. the telephone tree started and within an hour all my parents, siblings, aunts and uncles knew. and they sprung into action. it was certainly a shock, but no one had any meltdown other than me. my mother cried later, but not when i told her. i didn't phrase it that i was going to die, i just said i had a rare breast cancer and that it had spread. lots of people didn't even know there were different kinds of breast cancer, so i didn't necessarily have to go into detail. it was just kind of matter of fact.  9. there isn't a cancer in the world that someone hasn't survived. make certain you are that someone.  10. email me privately for my phone. i volunteer for the bloch cancer foundation and speak with young, newly-diagnosed, advanced cancer patients all the time.   this is a lot to take in right now. i haven't even touched on finances, the time commitment, the feeling that someone pushed the pause button on your life while everyone else's life moves merrily forward. i understand all these thing and an happy to offer suggestions, information and cheerleading and the occasional kick in the butt.  don't give up before you even begin to fight.
t3_1t83i1-t1_ce5b81f-ce5cmsh	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes there are other cancers, i had skin cancer myself. however, breast cancer is very curable when found early. all it takes is a screening to save so many lives.   no one would find it reasonable for everyone to go get a brain scan to check for a brain tumor. breast cancer is more common, easily detectable, and when found early on, curable.
t3_2e3x7h-t3_2e3x7h-cjw6uzq	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had this happen to me just this last week (i'm male btw). my mom had headaches and was vomiting (she has had cervical and breast cancer which lead to bone cancer) this was concerning so my sister took her to the er.  my sister needed to get some sleep for work the next day so i stayed with my mom for 3 hours until the doctor came in and examined my mom (4:00am at this point). the doctor ordered a ct scan on the head, around 5:30am and had the doctor tell my mom and i that there was something showing in the ct scan.  i immediately thought it was brain cancer, but it wasn't official until the radiologist came in and did a more thorough ct scan + dye.  i was outside my mom's room sitting and contemplating breaking the news to the family, managing to hold it together and not cry at this point.  it wasn't until the nurse ask me how i was doing that i just completely broke down.  we eventually found out it was in fact brain cancer. my mom just saw the neurosurgeon today and within an hour was in the or to get the big tumor removed.  i'm hoping this will reduce my mom's symptoms and pain.
t3_37no8a-t1_crojkf3-cropxtn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you poor thing. i know how you feel.  and while tests may ease your mind, i've had two breast exams in fear that i have breast cancer, and i still worry i have it. as well as i may have a brain tumor. i may have cancer throughout my body and i cannot see it. i had these thoughts before the dpdr though.
t3_3w4kp8-t3_3w4kp8-cxu103h	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i realized my grandmother on my mom's side was a pretty horrible person and would most likely be better dead. any time someone talked about an illness she would have to make ones she previously had sound worse. you would say "oh my dad is developing alzheimer's" and she would respond "oh well i had breast cancer and brain surgery." cause she couldn't have certain dietary things like sugar and alcohol she would always complain when other people had it around her even if it was their house. she always had to get into other people's conversations and would get upset if you wouldn't let her. "what are you whispering about?" "nothing" "well screw you then" and she would storm off.
t3_3o65i8-t3_3o65i8-cvujbcx	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7221	stroking my mums forehead as she passed away.  she battled breast cancer for 10 years until finally it got to her brain and she rapidly deteriorated over the last year.  she hated the hospital and held out at home till the last day, honestly i thought she was still going to be around for a long time despite the cancer so when her boyfriend/career called saying she was unresponsive i still didn't realise this was it. we got her in the ambulance and she finally came around for long enough to say "hey boogs27"' (obviously using my actual name though) as though she was trying to act like she was fine. those were last words, possibly last coherent moment.  once she when into the hospice she lasted about 18 hours before she started taking her last breaths, with all of us around her i stroked her forehead like she used to do to me as a child to put me to sleep.  i'm pretty sure her eyes focused on me before in the seconds before she left too, i'm very grateful for that moment, although it was definitely the hardest in my life.
t3_8teod-t1_c0aehny-c0ag1fu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7927	sorry for length - please trudge through. anxiously await reply.  health care and prescription drugs  two separate issues.   drugs  concede point  canada pays less for drugs.  my brother works for glaxosmithkline (gsk) in the r&amp;d group for cancer drugs. makes big bucks. the us sucks up the r&amp;d costs for the drugs and canada will not. they base cost on manufacturing and distribution. that is the major difference.  when a new drug is released, it is on patent and is charged a large fee to cover the r&amp;d costs, it then goes generic after a few years. they have been opening up facilities in india, singapore and china in anticipation of nationalization. (bro has been to china several times and has moved 6 times in the past 15 years). we will lose the jobs, corporate taxes and fda control when they fully leave. bro will move with them and still make big bucks. this is pretty much a done deal and it no longer matters what i think or want.  health care  i read the articles you referenced. i can counter with numerous articles with the opposite conclusions. (huffington post vs. weekly standard?) you can google average wait for canada surgery 2009 and read the reputable links (cbc news, toronto sun, edmonton sun, ottawa sun) try these two canadian government sources:   http://www.health.gov.on.ca/transformation/wait_times/providers/reports/wt_update_20090416.pdf;   http://www.health.gov.bc.ca/waitlist/.  health care is very personal for me. i know the costs well. i have a brain tumor that i get mris (was, 4x/year, now 1x/year thanks to expensive drugs) with no waiting. my husband is type 1 diabetic since age 7 and at the age of 55, reaching serious complications. heart attack, triple bypass numerous stints, osteoporosis w/broken foot, 3 detached retina surgeries. he will have another eye surgery monday june 22 trying to save sight in right eye. he has an endocrinologist, cardiologist and retinologist he sees regularly, not to mention the ent guy and orthopedist he sees occasionally. we have blue cross/blue shield and constantly fight for reasonable and customary charges. it is an insane process, but at least i can fight. i can sue. with a government in charge, there is no fight. you get what you get. we pay a lot for his care and sacrifice lifestyle, but he would have been blind 20 years ago without frequent laser surgeries from the retinologist.   canada has good care and excellent doctors, possibly the best there is, but we get immediate treatment here. currently, no government entity makes decisions on whether or not to spend tax money for mri machines or any other expensive equipment or facility. if a hospital or clinic thinks they can make money by having it, it will be there. more demand  more machines  more money. yes, it is greed, but that makes these things available. from the april 15, 2009 canadian government study on http://www.health.gov.bc.ca/waitlist/, the current wait for other opthalmic surgery is 108 days with an access target of 84-182 days. his latest detached retina happened wednesday this week and monday he is scheduled for surgery. time is critical for outcome. i will pay any amount necessary for his sight. if we go to nationalized care and he has to wait weeks for treatment, i will pay for him to fly to india or singapore for treatment and figure a way to pay. our poor will not have this option. gsk has built state-of-the-art facilities there and those foreign doctors are well trained.    current worst-case scenario for us: i'm unemployed w/no insurance. spend all savings on doctors and hospitals.  have to sell house. spend that on doctors and hospitals. go on public assistance. get same treatment for husband. left broke but can see. i choose this over going blind because of a 3-month wait and having all my stuff.  if i'm unemployed, i'll lose that, anyway.  canadas current wait for cancer surgery is 63 days with a target of 84 (great!).  but i dont want to wait 3 months after finding out i have breast cancer to get that thing out.  ill pay anything to have it done now. canadian pediatric surgery  249 days with target of 182.  if i was canadian and my kid had to wait, i would beg, borrow or steal to find somewhere on the planet that would take him immediately.  the us children of poorest of poor get immediate surgery. it is the law. example: husbands cousin unemployed, uninsured. 16 yr old son in car accident with liver damage. 3 weeks in fort worths cooks childrens hospital. immediate surgery. private room. no cost to patient or family.  my cousins daughter alchoholic 28 year-old unemployed/unemployable in dry-out clinic in little rock (arkansas cares)  no costs to patient or family. p.s. hmo = government care. no recourse. been there, hate that, too.
t3_2skfdm-t3_2skfdm-cnqf38k	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have stage 4 breast cancer that has moved to my lung. my treatment is being done at a research center i was lucky that i lived near it so it was naturally my first choice. my oncologist has mentioned a few times that cancer treatment is like dealing with the unknown. every person's cancer reacts differently if at all to the different treatments. its natural to have doubts. if it makes you feel better get a second opinion from oncologist. this is your life. also remember this, your type of cancer (each cancer cell   is unique to each person) was successfully treated maybe the previous chemo will still work if not there are lots of types of chemo treatments available not to mention research centers. i'm on my second type of chemo have been on it about 4 months my last scan came back and the cancer on the lung has disappeared still on the breast but it's a start. also my oncologist says that i have breast cancer that has moved to the lung (same cells) not breast cancer and lung cancer (different cells). this means both places are treated with the same drug. your cancer seems to be like mine i don't know for sure because i'm not s doctor. but what i'm saying is there is hope. maybe the original chemo will still work and will treat everything. you must keep hope. not only does cancer eat at your body it eats at your brain mentally, you can't let it do that. if this is the end either 2 months, 2 years or 20 years do you want to spend it worrying and being sad because you are going to die which fyi we all die or do you want to spend it fighting this and enjoying life and those you love in it. my choice is to fight and enjoy those i love. also, if i had not been near a hospital that had an actual oncology department as apposed to a small local hospital i would have done research to find a larger facility. if you are in the us there is funding out there if you don't have insurance to cover it.    sorry this is tl;dr and for misspellings bad grammar, i'm on my phone. don't let the cancer beat you, you beat it until the very end and hopefully it's 20 years from now. by the way your dr in my opinion should not have put a time frame on it because he is not a fortune teller it only added to your stress. one last thing, stay away from cancer websites with all those horror stories no two cancers are alike and neither are the outcomes all the internet will do is bring you down and frighten you.  good luck and i wish you absolutely all the best.
t3_b4k9g-t1_c0kxxlq-c0kxzf7	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;the attitude expressed by you guys below is why it's hard to find support when one does decide to get in shape.  when one decides to get in shape we are nothing but supportive - kry0s point was that you were promoting the view that you don't need to lose weight to be healthy which is incorrect; the danger of being overweight is hard to spot, i'll quote from sa thread:  &gt;b01] why being overweight is so dangerous  &gt;obesity is the catalyst of several medical conditions: sydrome "x" (diabetes mellitus type 2, high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, and triglyceride levels) which leads to congestive heart failure, enlarged heart and its associated arrhythmias and dizziness, cor pulmonale, varicose veins, pulmonary embolism, polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos), menstrual disorders, infertility, gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), fatty liver disease, cholelithiasis (gallstones), hernia, colorectal cancer, urinary incontinence, glomerulopathy, hypogonadism (male), breast cancer (female), uterine cancer (female), stillbirth, increased insulin resistance, dyspnea, obstructive sleep apnea, hypoventilation syndrome, pickwickian syndrome, asthma, hyperuricemia (which predisposes to gout), immobility, osteoarthritis, low back pain, stroke, meralgia paresthetica, headache, carpal tunnel syndrome, dementia, kidney failure, stretch marks, acanthosis nigricans, lymphedema, cellulitis, carbuncles, intertrig and joint damage.  - destruction of the body's "hormonal harmony": obesity causes insulin resistance which means that your insulin doesn't work the way it's supposed to. your pancreas tries to compensate by secreting more insulin, but after a while it gets exhausted and you develop diabetes. aromatisation of testosterone to estrogen in fat tissue is a undesirable side effect. fat filtration will also cause the endocrine (hormone producing- insulin, glucagon, and somatostatin) part of the pancreas to respond poorly to hormones, and your natural production suffers as a result. - fat tissue produces different forms of identified and unidentified toxic substances that have a terrible effect on different regulatory systems in the body, which results in poor regulation of blood pressure (increase) and cholesterol (increase). this predisposes for filled arteries in the heart and brain (heart attack, stroke), by accumulation of oxidised ldl-cholesterol in the artery walls that when absorbing chalk swells up and breaks. - fat tissue inhibits different parts of the immune system, both directly and indirectly, due to inhibition of the signalling roads between immune cells. since your immune system fights cancer cells, the risk for cancer and inflammatory diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, chronic obtrustive pulmonary disease, osteoarthritis) increase drastically. - fat is not limited to the subcutaneous fat you see in the mirror. if your obesity reaches a certain threshold the fat itself will 'float' out into your internal organs and start storing itself in your liver, heart, intestines and even muscles. this leads to reduced organ function. - the obese carry a significant amount of weight, while the knuckles, joints, muscles and tendons often are severely undertrained and can't handle it. this leads to premature wearing and damages the skeletal and connective tissue.   tl;dr: obesity will wind you, crush your joints, make you unfuckable and infertile and will eventually slowly and painfully lead to diseases that will kill you.
t3_1xwduj-t3_1xwduj-cffgyq9	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm 24 years old, not working but a full-time student who's trying to transfer to university next semester.   my step-mom (mom's so) was diagnosed with breast cancer a year and a half ago. it was early, so she had a double mastectomy performed. she did not received chemo or radiation as she did not want to go through those side effects. her cancer was triple negative, meaning from what i remember that it did not feed off any of the three main things/chemicals cancers tend to. when a cancer does feed off one of those three it's typical to do treatment to reduce said "food" for the cancer, so this was not an option to us.  a couple of months ago, my step-mom lost the ability to move her right arm. a trip to the hospital revealed a brain bleed (pressure on the brain caused the loss) and a few more days and tests revealed that her previous cancer had spread to her brain and lungs. they have no clue where else it may have spread. she just finished her [first?] bout of radiation therapy yesterday for her brain and is about to go back on her chemotherapy for her lungs.  with the return of her cancer, it automatically becomes stage iv. removing this cancer is no longer a goal, but rather the doctors are now looking forward to containing and slowing it.  the healthiest of people can have cancer. sometimes it's genetic, sometimes environmental. my step-mom has never smoked, tries to take care of herself, all of that. this a blameless situation.  what you do is this: take a breath, and take life normally as you can. when your mother seeks help, then offer it; if she doesn't, just make it known that you are there for her. you will and have to face this with her one step at a time, so allowing [or causing] yourself to worry more about the situation and jump to worst scenarios is natural but doing neither of you any good. most importantly, you have to remember this is not a death sentence until there are no alternatives left.  try to get her to learn about what is going on with her cancer, maybe if you can sit down with her to do it. it *is* going to scare her, and you, but knowing what exactly is going on will help her get through it easier.
t3_1f2u1k-t3_1f2u1k-ca6n8tn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.7521	watching my mum suffer through 4 years of fighting cancer before loosing her battle this year! 4 years, 4 different types of cancer.   the hardest part was every time we seemed to get a break, thought she was in remission and on her way to recovery, something else would happen. we went from kidney cancer, to breast to brain then bone. the hardest part was the prognosis, every time she went to the doctor it was revised down. her last 2 months were spent in a hospice and i spent all day everyday at her side.   what really got to me was the pain she was suffering at the end. they had to give her so many drugs to keep her pain free that most of the time she was asleep or just not with it. then there was brief moments of clarity where she would tell a joke, or have a laugh with us or even ask us to buy presents for people so they "wouldn't forget her", before she fell asleep again, that really crushed me.   my mum was my hero i wouldn't be where i was today without her and seeing her suffer like that almost broke me. my mum knew this and wanted us to remember the good times so thought of everything. two days after her death my aunty and gran gave me a memory box my mum had made (for both me and my younger sister). she had apparently started if after the second cancer and had pieced together a box of all her memories of us, from our hospital wrist bands from birth, to our first pair of shoes, school reports and countless photos. my mum thought of everyone else above herself even in so much pain, and i only hope i have half as much strength as she had, as no matter how bad it got she never gave up and fought until the very end. she even would not let herself go with me and my sister there, literally hours after i left the hospice she passed away with her sister at her side. she was 49 years old, i'm 23 and my sister is 21 (mum didn't make her 21st) she died so young and her last bit of advice sticks with me "just do it, life is too short!"    sorry for the long post but once i started i couldn't stop, it's strangely therapeutic to write it out. i could say so much more but you get the idea!   edit added her age and mums advice.
t3_1rm40l-t3_1rm40l-cdolfbt	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	info; wanda's family said these past three years have been a painfully, long wait for justice.  wanda campbell's sister louise couch said everyone that knew wanda loved her.  "a good mother, a good grandmother, a wonderful sister, she was just perfect," said couch.  campbell's daughter shirley justen said that is why it is so hard to believe her mother is gone.  "it changed me as a person, you know? i cannot ever get her back and to lose your mother is one thing. but for her to be murdered, it puts it in an entire other category. and you know, you truly cannot process it. your brain just cannot process mother and murder," said justen.  now this family is devoted to one thing. they said finding their loved one's killer and bringing them to justice is their number one priority.  "that is the last thing i told her when i left her at the funeral home. that is the last thing i told her was we would find who had done this to her," said justen.  couch added that she has faith this murder will be solved.  "we are hoping and i am not going to give up hope. one of these days, we will find out who did it," said couch.  kentucky state police continue to help in that search. but at this time, leads are few and far between. still, ksp detective clayton stamper said he hopes tips will lead to a break in the case soon.  "we would be glad to meet with them to see what kind of information they have," said stamper.  until an arrest is made though, justen said it is hard to cope with such a devastating loss.  "i was diagnosed with breast cancer and my first thought was 'i have to call my mother', you know? then the next thought was 'i cannot call her'. you know, i do not have that support anymore," said justen.  wanda's husband roy was a prominent businessman in hazard. if you have any information, you should call state police at 606-435-6069.
t3_1yc79u-t1_cfj6gu0-cfjc3ex	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; smile. i'm serious. smiling more (even if you aren't happy, and even if you are alone) will naturally make you happier. smiling releases hormones that make your brain "happy", so to speak.  an insidious crock o'shit as ehrenreich pointed out in bright sided: how positive thinking is undermining america.  &gt;ehrenreich delivers a trenchant look into the burgeoning business of positive thinking. a bout with breast cancer puts the author face to face with this new breed of frenetic positive thinking promoted by everyone from scientists to gurus and activists. chided for her anger and distress by doctors and fellow cancer patients and survivors, ehrenreich explores the insistence upon optimism as a cultural and national trait, discovering its symbiotic relationship with american capitalism and how poverty, obesity, unemployment and relationship problems are being marketed as obstacles that can be overcome with the right (read: positive) mindset. building on max weber's insights into the relationship between calvinism and capitalism, ehrenreich sees the dark roots of positive thinking emerging from 19th-century religious movements. mary baker eddy, william james and norman vincent peale paved the path for today's secular $9.6 billion self-improvement industry and positive psychology institutes. the author concludes by suggesting that the bungled invasion of iraq and current economic mess may be intricately tied to this reckless national penchant for self-delusion and a lack of anxious vigilance, necessary to societal survival.   smiling on purpose does not make you happier, it just makes your face hurt if you keep it up long enough.  source: experience trying to make this nonsense work.
t3_1nwo9b-t1_ccmubhx-ccmzzaa	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* [website 1](http://www.collective-evolution.com/2013/08/23/20-medical-studies-that-prove-cannabis-can-cure-cancer/): the first website i came across with 20 studies on it. i'll go through them one by one.   * [article 1] (http://www.nature.com/bjc/journal/v95/n2/abs/6603236a.html): first of all i don't even need to read the whole article to see the flaw here. the fact is, it's a very small sample here. aside from this only 2 of the 9 patients showed any change. as it states this is a small clinical study. it does not stipulate a "cure" or "treatment" for cancer. it is simply a basis for future research which i am yet to even come across. the type of tumour they are talking about here is a brain tumour which requires surgery to remove and radiotherapy or chemotherapy afterwards. not everyone has success with surgery as the tumour may not be able to be removed. hence why &gt;the patients had previously failed standard therapy (surgery and radiotherapy) and had clear evidence of tumour progression&lt;. this is not to say that radiotherapy or chemotherapy just simply wasn't good enough for them. chemotherapy is this circumstance actually helps 50% of those treated. so i would rather go with a 50% chance of survival than a 22% chance. probably the reason why something like this would not be picked up by the nhs.  * [article 2](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/21/17/6475.abstract): again this is an animal study. it in no way shows that this is effective in humans. it does not show a cure or treatment for cancer. it is simply saying that with the administer of this drug it can reduce the amount of neural damage by 36%. this is not about a treatment after cancer has been diagnosed.  * [article 3](http://jpet.aspetjournals.org/content/308/3/838.abstract): again an animal study. not a cure. there is some interesting data here but in no way more significant than the outstanding amount of scientific data in favour of chemo or radiotherapy. hence why "doctors don't know about it". they don't know about it because it isn't even a treatment yet!  * [article 4](http://mct.aacrjournals.org/content/10/1/90.abstract): this is from a petri dish under lab conditions. not in a human sample. it was also partially funded by a pharma company and included in two patent applications.   * [article 5](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20859676): again, in a lab in a dish. as i have said before this is not proof of a cure or proof that it will occur in humans. many many medicines will start with this phase and many will make it to the human participant phase and then show no progression because it simply doesn't work the same in the human body. i am not being negative, just being realistic and open-minded.  * [article 6](http://jpet.aspetjournals.org/content/early/2006/05/25/jpet.106.105247): these are extracts of cannabis. not cannabis in it's pure  form from which you smoke it. so should i point out that you can't just go and smoke it and it'll have the same effect (another downfall of these "informative" websites). &gt;potential treatment for cancer&lt; are the words they have used in this article. not a cure.  * [article 7](http://www.molecular-cancer.com/content/9/1/196): this one is slightly more positive but again is not in humans. it uses human breast cancer tumours outside of the person. this is promising.... i say promising, not proven!  * i'm going to stop here because i don't want to create a massive list. please pm me if you've got anymore examples. i'm yet to watch your documentaries.
t3_303kxo-t1_cpp2e3e-cqc9tmn	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.652	not according to the oncologist/breast specialist i was recommended to see.  having a mother die of ovarian cancer, her sister with breast cancer and a grandfather with prostate cancer (throw in brain cancer as well) and they plugged all that in to some program and came back that i had a high enough chance of contracting breast cancer to suggest i see a specialist once a year and get 2 "hands on" breast exams a year.  i assume that the oncologists as washington university school of medicine know what they're talking about.
t3_300mmq-t3_300mmq-cpofqo3	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm glad you are better!!  i *totally* understand what you went through.  i am so sorry your mother was so _______ (many words come to mind, most are not nice) to you.  i went through something similar, but was much older than you -- having to deal with my health &amp; an "n".  the "n" in my life was my nmil (now ex- -- as her son, my nex, are now divorced).  i had been diagnosed with breast cancer a number of years ago. thankfully, no chemo, but i had to go through 2 rounds of surgery, and 7 weeks of radiation. my nmil had something similar 10 years earlier. *however* though i was much younger than her when i was diagnosed and treated -- i did ***not*** do well with either the surgery or the radiation. it seems my body does not like anesthesia -- and all the radiation treatments (not only killed the cancer, but my brain cells to boot -- people often talk about "chemo brain", there is also "radiation brain"). my oncologist told me that i would start to feel tired towards the end of treatment -- but otherwise, i should be fine. ahem  since my body decided it didn't like any of this stuff -- i started to feel exhausted before the end of the 2nd week of treatment. i drove myself to every treatment -- in rush hour traffic -- once my exhaustion was so bad, i nearly fell asleep (passed out on the way home). however, because my then-husband was an n, as was my nmil -- how ***i*** felt was of no consequence. i would have screaming fights with my then-husband because he said his mother didn't have "these problems, issues" why should i? i was much younger? the fights would stop because i got so exhausted, i would have to lie down. my nh then proceeded to mimic exactly what his mother said, refusing to acknowledge how his wife looked/felt. at one point, my nmil/nfil actually said to my face: 1) if your cancer is so bad, then they *should* have also given you chemo; 2) you can't possibly be *that* tired  you're faking it so you don't have to look for a job and go back to work.  i am so thankful i was also going to a cancer support group at the time because otherwise in addition to treatment/recovery -- i would've also thought i was going insane.  an aside: oh, when i was going through treatment is also when i realized my mil was an "n".  i was reading a fiction book describing a narcissistic character (although it was a man, and much younger) -- otherwise the description fit my nmil to a "t".  so i had *that* realization to deal with, along with everything else.  *hugs to you  i hope all is much better now*  edit:  grammar
t3_2v37ke-t1_coe9zgs-coekzcw	brain_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she told me and her kids she had  breast cancer (2 weeks later a brain tumor appeared supposedly as well) after we separated as a way to keep me manipulated. i had several discussions with one of her close friends who believed her and by the end we both knew she was lying. she said she was doing chemo but magically kept her hair and never needed to be given a ride. never got sick or took any meds in front of anyone. it was painfully obvious by the end of that conversation we had all been duped.
t3_2s4060-t1_cnmkik8-cnmmez0	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5011	i'm on mobile rn about to see the endocrinologist about this again hahah. if i haven't commented/edited in like five hours pm me and bug me about it.  edit:  thought i had breast cancer (i'm a dude) cuz i found a lump in my tissue and it was pretty hard. also regularly incredibly tired, not able to sleep more than four hours at a time (basically for a year my schedule was sleep four hrs at night, sleep four hrs after work). i found the lump in february? but i was too afraid to do anything about it til i was talking to a friend who had had cancer (different kind) and said my symptoms were alarming. saw a doctor in spain (where i was working) and he was basically like "lol ur 2 young, faggot" (in so many [more professional] words).  my mom called her oncologist since she had had (a different kind of) cancer, as well. she immediately said *get him home. now*. now this was late june, like maybe in the teens of the month of june.  my flight back to the states a week later, i start a battery of tests. all in all it took about a month of bloodwork, physical exams, radiography, you name it. the results were negative, though my thyroid was low. i came to a specialist who works in the same building as my gp and she was fucking great (just saw her a few hrs ago, actually!). she was like *hokay you should* **way** *not be this tired if you're only 24, even with your thyroid being out of wack. full bloodwork, nicca!* (again, more professionally spoken)  get my bloodwork done (like 12 vials worth of blood) and turns out my pituitary, testosterone, and thyroid are pretty low, the first two being extremely (like 1/5 the amount they should be) low. calls me up: *secaedelcielo, you may have a nodule in your pituitary gland in your brain. don't worry about it, but i'm sending you for an mri.* i did that and  what do you know it: 4mm brain tumor on the left side of my pituitary gland (4mm x 2mm to be more exact, as i learned today). just enough to do ~~some dank memes~~ serious work on my pituitary gland's function. soooo right now i'm on so many pills it's ridiculous. i have a pill to stimulate pituitary (which will hopefully shrink the nodule), a pill for thyroid (which has increased my ability to sleepy amazingly), a pill for sweat (because sweet baby jesucristo do i sweat like a motherfucker), and as of today i'm on *x-treme^^tm* vitamin-d supplements (50,000 iu/wk). doing more bloodwork on saturday to see if the pill i've been taking for the pituitary is affecting my testosterone positively. if it's not, then i'm going to be put on testosterone, which would be cool since i can hardly grow facial hair as things are lol.  so yup. any further questions i could keep responding. if people actually care enough, i could do an ama.
t3_3ide1r-t3_3ide1r-cuffepu	brain_cancer	irrelevant	0.5035	a variety of ways. i suffer depression and i believe there are times antidepressants are what have kept me alive. i had breast cancer and i assume the chemo is part of why i'm still here 5 years later. my daughter had a terrible infection in a cyst in her face. i'm going to assume the antibiotics are what stopped it from traveling to her brain which was a concern of the doctors. when my son was very young he had a bronchial infection that resulted in hospitalization and lots of medication to get it under control. in another time, any one of these diseases would likely have killed one of us.
t3_1b5sny-t3_1b5sny-cbb48er	brain_cancer	relevant	1.0	i live in australia and we so have universal healthcare. the idea of paying for healthcare is so completely foreign to me.  i had a brain tumour discovered when i was a child. it was removed within a week free of charge. a family member had breast cancer and had a mastectomy with in a week of it being discovered and she had her choice of hospital and dr.  we do have waiting lists for things considered to be elective (like corrective surgery that will ease pain but is not life threatening) but anything serious is dealt with pretty quickly.   honestly, americas healthcare "system" is sickening and americans should be ashamed of it.
