t3_2uc0bm-t1_co7dpph-co8plxm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sounds like me. i've been diagnosed with ocd, anxiety and depression and although i joke about being a hypochondriac when i go to the doctor with a crazy theory or request for a useless test, they haven't really discussed whether it might actually be true.  like you, i get constipated and bleed a lot and went for a colonoscopy because i thought i had colon cancer. i now use reslor to increase bowel movement and lactulose and movicol to soften things up. i think my main problem in that department is anxiety though.  i also have permanent heart palpitations and a heart rate of over 100 bpm most of the time despite being on medication for ocd, anxiety and depression. i went for 3 ecgs or ekgs and they were all fine apart from the heart rate but i'm still convinced there's something wrong with my heart. i have an app on my phone and use that and a blood pressure monitor to check my heart rate several times per day.  i get sharp pains in my lower abdomen so even though i'm a virgin in my late 20s i was convinced it was cancer or polycystic ovaries. got an ultrasound a few years ago but obviously i still think there's something there. with a bit of rationality it can be attributed to the constipation though.  i don't have the money for an mri of my head but i'm convinced i have a brain tumour.  i pretty much always have a sore throat so i'm convinced i'm going to get throat cancer even though i don't smoke.  i had a breast lump removed even though the biopsy said it was fine because i don't trust the health system at all. i   i think the reason behind it is because as a teenager i had hashimoto's. my immune system had been destroying my thyroid which had me very tired and run down. my mother thought i had anemia or something so i went to the doctor and got a blood test done. i didn't really know what tests to have done so the doctor didn't check my thyroid and so for years i believed that the way i felt was just normal for me and since the doctor didn't find anything wrong with me.  i haven't felt right since i sorted out my thyroid so now every time i go for blood tests i ask for different tests to be done like checking for other auto-immune disorders, checking for liver function etc.  my antibodies are usually always slightly lower than the normal range which i think is harmless enough but i keep trying to figure out what it could be.  i'm a bit of a mess these days, barely able to function and it gets very confusing. the funny thing about my health-related anxiety is that i wish i was dead and have done so since my teens. if it wasn't for the guilt for what i'd be doing to the people i'd leave behind then i'd just kill myself but yet when i think i have a terminal illness i panic and run to the doctor.
t3_1xen1z-t1_cfavtb3-cfavw04	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ten years now.  i was lucky, a mammogram found it while it was still a tiny stage one. surgery and radiation, no chemo.  i also had colon cancer that year, just odd coincidence.  also stage one, surgical solution only.  lots of colon cancer in the family, only one cousin with breast cancer.  i think it is because i lived on a military test facility as a small child, but it couldbe my weight or that i drank a lot in my 20s/30s.  who knows? mammograms!  can't say enough good things about them, even though i had one false positive.  when the true positive came along, it was so early it wasn't life threatening with treatment.
t3_214een-t3_214een-cg9ib24	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7584	i have a "i &lt;3 boobies" bracelet that i haven't taken off in years.  a very good friend of mine was diagnosed with breast cancer a number of years back.  when i found out, i bought the bracelet and told her i would wear it until she was better.  she eventually went into remission and 'beat' it, but i still wore it just out of habit.    not too long after she was in the clear, her husband was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer.  he was told he had a little less than a year to live.  or.  they could try a very new and *very* experimental treatment.    so i told them both i would continue to wear it until he too had won his battle.  the cancer took him just about 8 months ago.  i still wear it, and to be honest, i have no plans of ever taking it off.  i can't believe just typing this actually made me cry.  i am such a little bitch.
t3_2y422a-t3_2y422a-cp8lxv2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6797	i'm so sorry to hear that you are going through this. this is one of the scariest parts of cancer - not knowing the full diagnosis yet. especially when it can be anything from "nothing" to "full blown" and they just don't know. it's like flip flopping between "omg, i only have a short time to live" to "what the heck am i worried about, it's nothing."  when i was in that place (my situation was similar, but with rectal cancer, and tests took a month to figure out. it ended up being barely stage 2.), i only told 1 person besides my husband. i told the one person who i knew would be able to understand and not make me more upset or scared.   i figured, until then, it was just speculation, and there was no reason to pull people into that.   once i got the diagnosis, i told 2 more people, who helped me through surgery.   and once i had the surgery and was ready to start chemo, i then told all my friends who i felt needed to know.   it worked very well for me, and allowed me to process it on my own terms, rather than people constantly worried about me during a time when i had little or no information.   also, it was a very private area. i might have done it differently if it were breast cancer or skin cancer. but i don't know, i think it was a good choice. it allowed me my husband and one friend to talk to, but i didn't have so many people knowing that it was constantly surrounding me at the beginning. now, my life is cancer treatment, so having everyone know is easier, since it's everyday all the time.   your feeling scared and not wanting to tell people, or burdening them, is normal. i would say, tell the people who you know will make you feel better by telling them, and that's it. at least for now. and then be scared. it's ok. and also know, that it's ok not to be scared sometimes, too, and live like everything is fine. you are in the in-between state, which is rough, but it's also not set yet.   we called it "schroedinger's cancer" to make it easier. and when the doc gave us the news, we called it "opening the box to see the cat".   crossing my fingers for you that it's just a thick lining, nothing else, and that you'll get the all ok call very soon.
t3_43zmq1-t1_czmqd6a-czmuko4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8021	you are fighting a losing (winning?) battle!   i have a 30% chance of developing cholangiocarcinoma which usually goes unnoticed until it is inoperable because i have primary sclerosing cholangitis. i am currently going through a cancer scare.   i already has my large intestine and rectum removed because i had such a high chance of colorectal cancer because of celiac disease, ulcerative colitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis.   i have multiple types of lymphoma, breast cancer and multiple digestive cancers in the family history.    do i win? :p
t3_1ck9ti-t1_c9ikppe-c9il4ub	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you know, don't get me wrong, i see where you're coming from but allow me to show you a bit from the other side.  &gt;where they would otherwise be perfectly healthy afterwards?  i was 35 when i got colorectal cancer.  i too was given a 50% chance of survival due to the specific details of the illness.  i chose to fight.  three surgeries, chemo, radiation, temporary illeostomy and here i am 17 years later.  (also survived breast cancer which i got five years later.)  now here is the thing.  i am cancer free.  would you say i am perfectly healthy afterwards?    i am not complaining, but have spent the last 17 years in pain resulting from the surgeries.  the pain is so extreme that for 3 of those years i was on 180mg of morphine and since then each and every single day, i have to take pain medication just to get through the day.  it's been 17 years and i still have not had one day pain free.  not one day.  not one single day when i have no pain.  can you hear what i'm saying?  the reason i don't regret my decision is because when i got ill, i had a then six-year old son.  i live for him.  i want to see him live as much of his life as i can.  if i had it to do over again and knew what i know now and did not have i son - i would chose death.  things are not always as simple as they may appear.
t3_1nijyi-t3_1nijyi-ccjcwod	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i actually get a little pissed off that breast cancer gets all the "glory". i lost my grandpa to colon cancer &amp; just last year nearly lost my mom to ovarian. can we just have a cancer month?? i know its very prevalent but i still kinda think susan g. komen is a twat.
t3_3mybuu-t3_3mybuu-cvjbo2q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the health care system damn near fucking killed me. i have state insurance and because of that i have a very limited selection of which doctors i can see. i don't pay for much, but because it's state insurance i have to jump through a lot of hoops to try and get just basic standard care.  2 years ago i started have digestive issues. i put it off for 6 months because i hate doctors and only go when it's absolutely needed. like i may be dying. so 6 months go by and i'm feeling pretty crummy. eating has started to become an issue and i just didn't feel right. i went to the doctor because i knew something was wrong. i gave her my symptoms and went into detail about my problems. her advice? "well you have had three children, and your youngest is 6 months. you're over weight so weigh loss isn't an issue, just give it time." so i figured, hey at least i tried.   4 months later my mother passes away. at this point i am down 30 lbs and i feel like shit. my symptoms had gotten so much worse and the weight was falling off. every day was a struggle and i hated eating. so i went to a different doctor who suggested that maybe i have a gluten intolerance and should go gluten free for 6 months. by this time i'm already in nearly a year of not feeling well and struggling. so i take the advice and went gluten free for 5 months. by the beginning of the new year i was sicker then before and could hardly eat a full meal. at this point i knew i was dying. that something was seriously wrong with me. my symptoms had gotten to the point that i was loosing a fair amount of blood daily.   i go to a new doctor (3rd doctor in a year or so) and tell her what my year has been and how i seem to be getting worse. every 2-3 weeks we run blood tests for auto immune diseases, stds, cancer, etc., for 5 months we did testing. never found a single thing. from april 2015-may 2015 i lost nearly 20 lbs. i had gone from being able to do some things to laying in bed exhausted just from breathing. the most i could keep down was a banana. in may when i went in for some more tests my doctor was shocked to see how sick i had gotten. she sent a referral to a specialist/gi doctor and a ct scan to look for tumors. scan came back clean (remember this.). a month and a half later my appointment comes (doctor number 4!!) and i list my symptoms, explain i've now lost a total of 65 lbs and i can't continue on this path. she didn't take me too seriously and said that my symptoms "sounded" concerning and we should do and upper and lower scope. next week. by this time my symptoms where out of control. i was loosing over 1/2 cup of blood a day and was told if i lost more then that to go to the er asap.   my endoscopy and colonoscopy day come. the night before i tried to take the prep, but ended up puking for 12 hours. appointment was canceling and rescheduled. now at this point, i knew it was bad and that something was seriously wrong with me. i was at the point of being done with doctors and not getting helped. just tests thrown at me by no one actually listening. i didn't want to reschedule the tests, but my husband at this point was done watching me die, and demanded i do this. so the next day i go in, prep worked and i'm ready to be knocked out. i'm laying in the bed and i made a bet with my husband that the nurse over heard she made the comment "someone of your age having that condition is extremely rare, i'm sure you're just fine." with that i blew my husband and kiss and i was wheeled into the exam room. before i was put under i just remember thinking that i wish i had my moms hand to hold, and like that i was asleep. i woke up to my doctor standing over me and she the most sad and terrified expression. i knew it. cancer. at 31 i was diagnosed with late stage 3 colon cancer. she apologized for everything and got me into the best surgeon in the state. she wasn't going to let another doctor fail me. at this point i've had this cancer for nearly 1 1/2-2years. i had multiple more ct scans to see why the cancer was missed in the scan the month before. it was hard to read, and was mistaken for thick tissue. i had gotten so sick i was malnourished and hospitalized the day before surgery to make sure my body could handle the stress of major surgery. my surgeon was amazing and i was treated quickly and the outcome better then expected. after surgery i was unofficially diagnosed stage 3. i had 6-9 months of chemo and 4 months of radiation ahead of me. the cancer was huge and i lost 2 1/2 feet of my large intestine. a week after my surgery my surgeon called me on a sunday morning at 8 am. she said she couldn't wait to tell me. the biopsy came back. there is completely no explanation, but i was only a stage 1. with surgery i was cured and she would see me for my post op. no chemo. no dying. i'm clear.   i have been cancer free for 2 months and it still blows my mind how lucky i got. from the first appointment that i went to 2 years ago i had symptoms of colon cancer, but because of my age no one looked for it. i am a mother of 3 and to think my kids could have been motherless all because of ignorant doctors makes my heart ache. recovery is slow, i'm slowly able to eat more. my weight has leveled out finally and i am adjusting to this new size. i had genetic testing done and i do have the breast cancer gene. i am now seeking advice from other doctors on how to proceed with this information and what would be best for me. hopefully next time i won't have to suffer so long.
t3_1s1w5x-t3_1s1w5x-cdtfe3c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i totally get where you're coming from, but at the same time, cancer awareness is important. while they call it awareness, it's not that they're trying to tell you it exists. in some cases it's that they need funding, but a lot of it is because so many people do not get the checkups they should, and end up dying because of it. you see a lot of awareness campaigns for breast cancer, cervical cancer, colon cancer, and prostate cancer; the ones people don't get checked for because it's awkward. my cousin/namesake/mom's best friend died because they didn't catch her cervical cancer in time, because she put off going to the doctor. if cancer awareness campaigns save people, which i'm sure they do, i want them to keep going.  huntington's is different. it definitely needs to be researched, but it's not nearly as common as cancer, nor is it preventable. that's why you don't see anything about it. it's not that it's not a horrible disease; it undoubtedly is. there's just not nearly as much that they can do about it, other than the research that's already being done.
t3_ew5wf-t3_ew5wf-c1bgl7s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's been observed here and elsewhere, but breast cancer awareness is now just corporate branding.  other cancers have vastly lower survival rates.  it plays well for branding products because it involves boobs.  you lot aren't going to want to buy bottled water while thinking about colon cancer.
t3_3ycyhm-t3_3ycyhm-cycjy08	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can't donate to breast cancer research anymore because it means i don't support colon cancer research.  i can't say "i like coffee" anymore because it means i hate tea.  i can't walk in a straight line anymore, because it means i will lose my ability to step to the side.  because in our world everything excludes its opposite.
t3_wr6au-t1_c5g70j0-c5g76hw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, from that article we know that there is a lot of benefits to being active, which would probably make it worthwhile. it leaves off better mood for some reason but there is evidence of that as well afaik.  there is;  strong evidence of reduced rates of:  • all-cause mortality  • coronary heart disease  • high blood pressure  • stroke  • metabolic syndrome  • type 2 diabetes  • breast cancer  • colon cancer  • depression  • falling   strong evidence of:  • increased cardiorespiratory and muscular fitness  • healthier body mass and composition  • improved bone health  • increased functional health  • improved cognitive function  on the basis of the evidence available, no one can deny that greater physical activity leads to more pros then cons.
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfi2w6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	like many others, found a lump in my breast. went through surgery, chemo, and radiation in 2005. unfortunately, now i have been diagnosed with colon cancer, and i'm just not fighting any more. i know this sounds depressing, but as far as i can tell, cancer always wins. it's just a question of how much time you have. i wish the best of luck to everyone here who has it beat, though, and hope you will always stay cancer free. cancer sucks.
t3_1qfnps-t3_1qfnps-cdcebzr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had chemo in 2005 for breast cancer, made it this far. but, now i have colon cancer and doctors recommended removal of the colon, however, i would have to have an ostomy bag. so, i have declined the surgery. it's hard because in my experience, once cancer drops in, it's coming back.  just love him. that's it. it's helpful to me just to have people around who give a damn. you do, and that means more to him than anything. and, you don't have to be brave every second, he knows you're hurting.
t3_1jji6b-t3_1jji6b-cbfbyab	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this offends me. my friend had brain cancer and she went through hell. this is disgusting. also my grandmother died of oesophageal cancer and my grandpa died of colon cancer. now my father and i have to get checked for colon cancer. this girl has no idea how scary it is to have to wonder if this time it comes back positive. i've been told that i might have breast cancer, luckily i didn't but i'd never been so scared in my life. my uncle died last year of intestinal cancer and it devastated my aunt. i remember getting the call that he passed away. that was the hardest thing i ever had to hear.  this girl is beyond stupid. edit: more information.
t3_z4n65-t1_c61rswb-c61vlrh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i believe those things should be provided by state funding.  medical research can be (and is) state-funded. and it ensures funding goes according to medical need, not fashion - i.e. if more people die of rectal carcinoma it gets more funding, it doesn't all go to breast cancer because they can run better public relations.  why should these vulnerable people be dependent on charity which is itself in a precarious situation rather than far more dependable state funding which also allows for a fairer distribution as noted previously.  it's not that i don't care for such people (my own mother is disabled for a start) but precisely *because* i care for such people that i find it far too important to be left to charity.
t3_3ikbwr-t1_cuipins-cuix8n8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer, but stage one, no chemo, just brachytherapy radiation.  easy, as such things go.  what made life more interesting is i also had an unrelated rare form of colon cancer at the same time (colon carcinoid).  that was a simple surgical solution, although i have had two hernias with that large incision. no chemo.  so i've had cancer, but stage one made things very much simpler.  i feel guilty, in a way.
t3_29xjkt-t3_29xjkt-cipge6c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6795	last year i was told my father had stage 3 lung cancer. he is in remission, but just as we got the news about his cancer being in remission, my aunt was diagnosed with breast cancer and 2 weeks later my uncle was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer, liver cancer and osteosarcoma (bone cancer). :( worst news ever, i guess tempered with some good news.
t3_1ozb9y-t1_ccxab9s-ccxai72	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been through real pain, but that's not my point. sure, if i had to choose between the worst imaginable physical pain or the worst imaginable emotional pain, i wouldn't choose to have the physical, but that doesn't mean the emotional isn't serious. it can be quite crippling as well, and trying to make someone see differently with an anecdote like that feels to me like saying "oh, you have breast cancer do you? boohoo, i have prostate and brain cancer, go cry me a river".  my point is, don't make light of emotional damage. physical pain might be worse than emotional pain at times, but that doesn't mean that emotional pain can't be absolutely crippling as well.
t3_2n8opw-t3_2n8opw-cmbeeds	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this could be a long post...(sorry in advance for mistakes using mobile) my grandma recently passed away in august. she passed from brain cancer.  she was born in thunder bay ont. can. her maiden name was ardelle munn. her original goal in life was to be a nun. that changed when she saw my grandpa, rolling up in his red ford galaxy 5000 convertible. they fell in love and had my dad. then, they moved to a small town called uranium city. they had one more child there. my grandma was a stay at home mom and my grandpa was a miner. after a few years, they moved to edson alb. can. where my grandma started a foster home. including foster children, she had 97 kids go in and out of that house. all but 3 have been successfull and have high paying jobs. every thanksgiving, christmas, easter and other holidays, she would find a family with no home/food and make them supper and let them stay over the night. she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2007. she was deemed cancer free in 2010. then, last july, she was diagnosed with a terminal brain cancer. no matter what the doctors told her, she always had a smile on her face. she would joke with the doctors and they said she was their favorite they had in a long time. she had that effect on people. in late july, things took a turn for the worst. she started to lose memory, and hallucinate. she would scream at night, because there were spiders in her bed and blindfolders. the doctors said that they can take her off medication and she could live 7 weeks, or leave her on it and and have 5 months. we left it on, and the next day she passed. her favorite thing was a butterfly. we caught some before the funeral, and let them go as they lowered the casket. at the time of her death, she had one child left in her care, my cousin, her last foster child. she defined a perfect woman. she had no flaws and was awesome. i love you grandma how i coped: i stayed with my family for awhile, and i was with my grandpa alot too. i found it easiest around them. tl;dr my grandma died of cancer. she should be a saint edit: grammatical issues
t3_28vepo-t1_ciev5mz-ciex1sc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8063	i didn't have much exposure to my father growing up, but things like your story make me suspect he was an n. he lost his business in a recession and moved away. he stopped paying alimony and child support, i knew this because my mother told me all about it in detail. at that point, she was earning more than him and it was a big thing for her that she was getting one over on him. anyway, a family in the neighbourhood got a home computer, i think a commodore64 (yes, i'm old) and it was soooo cool. i remember talking to my dad about it because we really had nothing to talk about and he just popped out with "would you like me to get you one of those? because i want to get one for you." i didn't know what to say because i knew he had no money, i knew he was barely scraping by and hadn't paid child support for years. so i was extremely wary and deeply uneasy that this was yet another one of his attempts to be the good guy that had always run off the rails and ended in shoddy apologies that could have been avoided if he had just never built up my hopes to begin with. i can't remember what i said in response. but every time we talked after that, he made references to how it was right there in the closet, waiting for us to come down and set it up, so i started to believe him. we hadn't gone down to visit him the previous summer because my nmom had had breast cancer. even though she was "clear", i knew she wasn't full strength so i begged off again that summer because i knew she wouldn't be able to keep up the house by herself. also, at that point, he was essentially a stranger to me because he rarely called or wrote letters or anything. my gcsis went instead. found out later that as soon as she got off the plane he took her to wherever and bought that computer. six weeks went by and on the day before my sister was due to fly home, dad phones because he's got to tell me something. apparently, i was going to have a new sibling in september, he had married his gf in march and she was going to have a baby. now, i can do basic math, it was late august. i was shattered. completely and utterly shattered. i hung up the phone before i started to cry and i just sobbed right there in front of my nmom. she looked at me like i was insane and i barely managed to get out the story in between sobs. she was also blown away (btw, she didn't hug me or tell me it was going to be ok, or anything). i then said "it was just a bribe, that computer" and she looked at me with wonder and dare i even say respect. she then told me that she had wondered why he was doing it and that i was right (she admitted i was right!) after that, i never wanted to speak to him again. what kind of father does that to their own child? that's what casual acquaintances do, family isn't supposed to do that. anyway, years later i thought that maybe i had been too harsh with him, so i got back in contact. turned out to be a big mistake on my part but i least i finally knew that i couldn't deal with his shit, there had never been a relationship to repair. that was one of the things he threw at me to prove he was such a great guy. apparently, i had begged and pleaded with him to buy me that computer, which was a total lie. as for how badly he hurt me with his whole knocking up his gf (who i think actually got pregnant accidentally on purpose to make him propose) and not telling me all i got was "yeah, i could have handled that better" no shit, "father". also, he said to me that he was proud he had never hit his kids (which made me think that his mother must have gone full-on ya-ya sisterhood on him at one point) and i said that that wasn't true. i then told him about the time i remember him spanking me (at night after i had gone to bed, after my mother had spanked me, he was in a rage, pulled my pants down and just whaled on me, i remember screaming and crying and thinking it wasn't fair because i had already been punished) and he was all offended because how dare i spoil his illusions of himself? so he just got drunk and forgot all about it. he was like groundhog day. when he was drunk (which was every night) i could have told him i had incurable brain cancer and once he slept it off would have never remembered it ever happened.
t3_2jex7k-t3_2jex7k-clbng9g	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother had breast cancer a couple years ago but she had the tumour removed and she managed to get through it, some months ago my parents told me that her breast cancer had come back but that she still had a couple years most likely and some people have lived for quite a long time with it and that she was going to have chemo to help slow it down and help with it, skip forward a couple months and everything seemed fine but she stopped the chemo for a couple of weeks because of how sick she was getting from it she started having pain in her leg and couldn't walk on it anymore so she was taken to the hospital.  my mother was taken to the hospice after being in the hospital for a week and i was told a couple days ago that her cancer has spread to her meninges in the brain and her skull and spine and that she probably has weeks if not days to live.  just 3 weeks ago she was moving around the house fine like everything was normal and now suddenly this.  my dad is broken i'm broken i'm less suicidal and more just.... unable to feel anything other than than sporadically crying when ever i'm reminded of the situation i can't even imagine a life without my mother i have no idea how i'm going to cope with doing anything in my life right now.
t3_u8sla-t1_c4tcx9g-c4tcxqe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7545	(page 3)  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taaz7?context=1) (daimakaicho):**  &gt; what specific tumor do you have?  &gt;  &gt; have you found yourself wanting to do a lot of research or ask a lot of questions to better understand what is going on inside your head, or do you prefer to just let the doctors do their thing? &gt;  &gt; do you have a girlfriend? if so, has she been supportive through all of this? if not, when would you mention this in the course of the relationship?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4takcs?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i have a stage iii oligodendroglioma. from what i've read they're very slow growing and not known to be metastatic (spread). when i was diagnosed my doctor told me i had the "best" kind due to its nature. i still laugh about that. i'm a sucker for irony. &gt;  &gt; i did a bunch of research and i found it to be too depressing. i just let my doctor do his thing. i have an mri every 3 months and he tells me what it's doing (so far: nothing. which is good.) &gt;  &gt; my love life was already fairly complicated before all this happened. i was seeing someone for a few months but we broke up about a 6 weeks after this happened (we're still friends though). &gt;  &gt; a week before i was rekindling something with my high school sweetheart (we were on and off for 7 years almost), we had gone out to see the grinch musical (her favorite dr suess character) in december 2010. we were just hanging out and being friends at the time. it seemed like we were going to get back together (as had been our habit/pattern over the time we had known each other).  &gt;  &gt; the day before my seizure i got back together with an ex-girlfriend, we'll call her d.  &gt; d and i dated from july 2009 to may 2010, and we were on and off after she cheated on me in february 2010 (after we had a fight), we stayed together but were constantly fighting most of our relationship anyway. it was toxic to say the least).  during this time i was experience mood swings and was anxious. i want to contribute part of this to the fact that i had brain tumor in my left frontal lobe i didn't know about and i couldn't really compensate for an issue i didn't know anything about. &gt;  &gt; when i woke from my coma i had lost my memory of the previous few weeks, my last really clear memory was january 1st, and i did a polar bear dip on new years day. this particular ex, we had gone out a few times as well before and i was falling in love with her again, wanting to forgive and all that. i woke up and found out she had been contacting my family and friends and i had no idea why. i freaked out and told her to leave me alone.  &gt;  &gt; it took about 4 months for my memory to fully comeback and we had actually gotten back together two days before my seizure. i got back with my on again/off again and that didn't last long before i finally made the decision to break the cycle of breaking up and getting back together, because i honestly didn't see us getting married. we're still really good friends. d and i don't talk anymore.  &gt;  &gt; i've dated a few girls since, and i don't like mentioning it but sometimes the conversation just kind of goes that way "so why did you take 2 years off school instead of just 1?" is a pretty good segway into that. &gt;  &gt; but to be honest, i have no idea how to bring people into this crazy situation. dating was difficult before and it seems like its even harder now. or maybe its the exact same. i don't know. &gt;  &gt; one girl i dated i met while i was actually cycling on temodar while i was out for a friend's birthday, it was getting time for me to take my meds and i had to excuse myself. she asked why and it was pretty awkward. &gt;  &gt; i really shouldn't have been dating anyone while i was going through treatment, to be quite honest.  &gt;  &gt; i've had good reactions to the "i have incurable brain cancer" line, as in they still continue to act like girls and be wishy-washy and play games. i try to avoid girls like that now anyway. focusing more on quality of a person. dating is all about meeting the "right" girl. so it's pretty easy to filter through all the wrong ones. &gt;  &gt; **but** i suppose this is just part of what i'm doing to be a better person. i was a jerk and didn't live to my fullest, now i've been giving the opportunity to be the person i want to be, so that's what i'm doing. i approach things with patience and understanding, and give people enough space to still be themselves. i think my problem has just been meeting people who aren't in a place to settle down and date seriously, while that is the way i approach potential girlfriends. i don't want flings and i want commitment. it's not easy. &gt;   *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taaxn?context=1) (waydat):**  &gt; i don't have any questions..just wishing you the best. most, in life, are never tested like you've been.. you've been through a lot and you are one, tough mother fucker.  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4takhg?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; thank you! it is much appreciated.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taav5?context=1) (janitor_bg):**  &gt; were there any other symptoms or what is only the one sudden seizure that indicated something like that is going on? hope this shit doesn't come back, man, cancer is a bitch.  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4talua?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i was experience headaches and mood swings, but i just attributed those to being stressed from school, drinking too much, and just kind of being depressed. but those didn't seem too out of the ordinary because again, i was still in school and stressing about finishing and all that. &gt;  &gt; after the seizure, my doctor (and my therapist who i only go to see as a personal support...its nice having someone who is pretty objective and has a medical license) have both told me that because of where my tumor is located that the symptoms of anxiety, depression, mood swings, headaches, are all consistent with what was going on in my head.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tagdt?context=1) (vviikkrraanntt):**  &gt; are you in any kind of physical pain? &gt;   **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tant2?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i actually feel great right now. i run several times a week, go to the gym, and i'm working too jobs. i try to keep myself busy because then i don't get a chance to dwell on something that is out of my control. i get headaches sometimes still, but they're never really bad. &gt;  &gt; during treatment was a different story. the temodar has mild side-effects compared to other forms of chemo (another attribute to the "best" kind of brain cancer one can get). it was mostly nausea, feeling exhausted and tired, and my favorite: constipation. i was able to work around the latter by just eating better to keep things regular. there were a couple cycles where i wasn't regular and it was difficult to be around me because i was being such a jerk.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taslp?context=1) (i_minored_in):**  &gt; i'm sorry to hear that.  my mom is on the tail end of battling breast cancer.  what is your expected life expectancy?  awesome scar though!!! i bet you can pull some ladies with it :)  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tauxr?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; life expectancy varies. being young and having a good reaction to the treatment i could have anywhere from 5-20 years. i met a guy who is a 19 year survivor and he had just started his temodar treatments. i guess i am kind of approaching this with the attitude of "if i make it to 40 i'm going to be the happiest 40 year old ever"! &gt;  &gt; the scar actually is barely noticable now. my hair has grown in and i haven't cut it short in over a year. you can't even tell i had my head cut open (unless you feel the area where they went in. there is a slight depression on the left side of my skull above my left eye/forehead). &gt;  &gt; all the best to your mom for her battle. there has been loads of advancements in breast cancer treatment so i hope it goes well!  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tatvl?context=1) (soigroeg):**  &gt; have you start believing in supernatural things you hadn't believed before? like god, of any kind of afterlife?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4taxs8?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; i've never been a believer in any specific religion, they all seem to have the credo of "treat everyone fairly" which is what i've been trying to do since all of this started. &gt;  &gt; as for the afterlife: i'm not sure what that is going to be like. i suppose i think it could be similar to being in a coma, which was like....nothing. i just woke up and regained consciousness.  *****  **[question](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tb526?context=1) (jonasthomson):**  &gt; first of all, my dad had brain cancer in the late 70's incurable to, he got over it and is living till this day, so dont give up. &gt;  &gt; second in which part of the brain is it located and if so did it affect you in a weird/funny way like, speaking gibberish or something like that?  **[answer](/r/iama/comments/u8sla/_/c4tb6gh?context=1) (waterontheknee):**  &gt; well that's great to hear! what kind of cancer is it, if you don't mind me asking? &gt;  &gt; it's in my left frontal lobe, i had issues with mulitasking, mood swings, and headaches. knowing about it helps me manage it, so it's almost a non-issue at this point.   *****  (continued below)
t3_446xhr-t3_446xhr-czo0w1e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm an 11 year cancer survivor!  i have brain cancer (oligodendroglioma) they thought i had a glioblastoma but thanks to my very smart atheist husband we found out otherwise. long story,  i was told i only had one year to live.  then in 2006 i felt a lump in my breast which turned out to be stage 1 breast cancer (entirely unrelated to my brain cancer). there's hope! i understand your feelings regarding prayer but i had friends pray for me and one friend made me a prayer quilt.  even though i didn't believe in the church, i would lye in bed hugging that prayer quilt.  it gave me a lot of comfort.  hopefully, he can get a second opinion in regards to treatment.  if i hadn't i wouldn't be doing as well as i am.  edited to say the prayer quilt wasn't made by a mormon and for some odd reason that made me feel so much more hopeful.
t3_sf5nc-t1_c4dkl9c-c4dopy2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	why is this posted in every single cancer thread? everyone thinks this.  there is no-one out there who thinks "oh thank god, i have brain cancer", or "well my day was going bad until i found out my mom has breast cancer. phew."   this adds absolutely nothing to the discussion.
t3_26lwqk-t3_26lwqk-chsj2je	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was 7, beat it, and relapsed a few years later. it came back as a brain tumor this time and again she beat it. however, the years following, her health was declining, she had a stroke that left her unable to walk, confined to a wheelchair, and seizures due to her medications. ultimately, she lost her battle when i was 13. it's been really hard ever since, i'll be 24 in a few weeks, and i do miss and think her every day.
t3_qgsj9-t3_qgsj9-c3xk8ad	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5635	my aunt opted for euthanasia after she was told there was no hope of her recovering from breast cancer. it had spread to her brain and she wanted to die before it completely destroyed her. she had seen her wife die from breast cancer a few years earlier and she knew what it could do to a person. when i went to visit her at home i knew she was considering euthanasia but apparently she had already made up her mind and set a date (a few days after the visit). my dad and uncle (her brothers) were there as well and it was incredibly hard and emotional. she didn't want any of us to be there when she passed so when we left i knew it was the last time i'd see her. she said she didn't want anyone thinking she'd be at rest and with her wife now (she was an atheist) but that this was really for the better, as there was no hope for recovery. i hugged her goodbye and she told me everything would be all right. although of course it wouldn't, not for her at least. the evening when she was euthanised was incredibly weird. i was at home with my parents and it was awful to know that only an hour's drive away my aunt was dying. but i do think it was for the best for her.    anyway, i'm sorry for rambling on but i just want you to know that i know a bit of how you feel. if this is your sister's choice i think you should try to accept it, no matter how hard that might be. good luck to you and your sister.
t3_4oqnq3-t1_d4erlh2-d4etgl1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6702	15 is just the number lost. i have one buddy that beat inoperable brain cancer. 8ish years ago, they told him he wouldn't make it to thanksgiving, then christmas, then his birthday. after all those came and went, they were still convinced he didn't have long until it went into remission.  i have come to accept that cancer sucks. it's not something that i take lightly, under any circumstances. skin cancer, liver cancer, pancreatic cancer, breast cancer, leukemia, thyroid cancer, brain cancer - they all kill, and they all have no respect for the lives left behind. i wasn't close to most of them (extended family), but the damage done was clear. don't fuck around with cancer. if you need a second opinion, get it quick, and get that shit taken care of.
t3_3itu5x-t3_3itu5x-cujos2q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"i'm sorry naomi, but you have cancer"  said doctor wrightman. "cancer?  but thats just not possible?"  a smile forming on my lips.  "it's just not possible"  i said staring intently upon his face looking for a break in his grim visage.  "you're really serious aren't you?"  the smiling giving way to a slightly troubled look.  "well it can't be that bad can it?  i mean i feel great."    wrightman shifted uneasily in his chair.  never in all his 74 years had he seen anything like this.  naomi, 26 years old, had suffered from several problems from birth,  she was constantly running to ophthalmologists, immunologists, dermatologists and more.  just last week she had all but crawled out of the doctors office due to the onset of allergy season.  today however she was a radically different person.  her usually red irritated eyes shone their deep, natural green, her large bubble glasses rested in the breast pocket of her shirt, red hair flowing in locks down her back where it usually stayed in a messy ponytail to keep it from the trail of snot and mucus usually adorning her freckle strewn face.  the skin on her arms and legs that was usually adorned with scratches and scabs was completely clear and clean, a feat which wrightman would have bet his own life was impossible after seeing her just 10 days ago when he sent away her samples for testing for a full range of disease.  the small framed girl had changed, she seemed to have put on a great deal of muscle and seems aglow with life, a stark contrast to her usually ill-inclined demeanor.    wrightman straightened up in his chair, realizing the long pause he had taken after her appearance had caught him off guard.  "yes, it appears to be very severe."  not quite knowing how to phrase what he had to say.  "what is it i have then?  lung cancer?  brain cancer?  blood cancer?"  wrightman seemed to squirm in his chair like a slug having salt poured over its whole body, he seemed to lose mass like a pufferfish deflating "all of them" he muttered, barely audible.  i snorted in disbelief "i've known you for a long time doctor, but this is hardly the time for jokes" knowing very well he would never lie about such a thing, however, i hoped that possibly some sort of madness had gripped him so i said it anyway.  "i'm sorry but i don't even know if i could go through all the tests that came back positive in any reasonable amount of time.  you have over 75 different kinds of cancer affecting every part of your body.  seeing how advanced it is they estimate you have about 3 months to live, maybe less.  tears began making headway down my face as i collapsed to the ground.  my whole life i've been sick and now this time there was no last minute procedure, no pills or diet changes.  i was going to die.  i collapsed to the ground and cried, it was all i could do.    i slowly made my way out onto the street, my mind a blur with talk of treatments and prognosis.  it was all a half-hearted attempt at making me feel better about dying, i was sure of that. "i at least hope i keep feeling this good for the last few months, i'd never felt normal but this is pretty close i bet".  in the last few weeks after the test were taken i had been recovering from a rather insidious cold, vomiting cramps, and being sore all over.  after that subsided though i noticed my vision becoming blurry, but as i was going through the drawers looking for the number of my ophthalmologist my heavy glasses slipped off my ears and into the drawer of pens and cluttered paper, in that moment i'd seen clearer that i had in years.  i ran to the window and stared outside, i could see the leaves on the trees!  not just the green blobs that i usually did.  it didn't stop there i noticed i needed less and less allergy medication until i just stopped using it completely.  where i usually needed both arms straining to lift a sack of flour, i could now easily lift it with one hand.  i guess none of it mattered now though, i was dying right when things were turning around, how typical.    as i rounded the corner onto willam cresent i heard a blood curdling scream.  i was frozen, a woman ran up to me and yelled almost incomprehensibly.  my brother!  please you need to help him he got stung by a bee and he is allergic! i don't know how to use him epi-pen please!  can you help?  i had allergies all my life, this was one instance where being a sickly hag was going to be useful.  "yes, i can help, where is he." i asked "over this way!" she yelled with panic on her face as she grabbed me by the hand and led me down an alley.  it never dawned on me until the metal pipe struck me in the back of the head that she could be lying to me.  my brain seemed to go numb and i felt a thousand miles away.  all i could hear was the woman's shrill laugh as she poked fun at me with her accomplice for being so "gullible".  in that moments i knew anger.  it was all i could feel, it was more real to me that the feeling of the cold concrete on my face and the warm blood on my neck.  my whole life i had been beaten down my genetics, disease, and reactions of my body.  these however were people, bad people, even if i couldn't do much i was gonna fight.  in that second i knew i had to fight.  so i lashed out with a blind punch at where i heard the stupid guffaw of the man that had hit me.  a warmth enveloping my hand as it connected with his stomach and pure energy fused with him.  he flew through the air about 5 feet but when he reached the wall on the opposite side of the alley there was nothing but dust to hit the was as he dissolved and was whisked away in the wind.  i stared at my hands in disbelief for a moment, confused but no longer afraid, before fixing my gaze on the woman.  edit - spelling
t3_34yyuc-t1_cqzr9p6-cr02uj2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7491	i appreciate you answering my questions. i have avoided lupron because i have seen directly what it can be like - a friend of mine took it for 6 months and said she has never felt the same. congratulations to your mom! i have been checked for ovarian cancer at least twice. so having one or both removed would be one less thing to worry about. i have also had a few breast cancer scares. thyroid cancer has a very high survival rate, but i'm so glad we caught it early!
t3_vfv17-t3_vfv17-c5450yr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5856	i'm very sorry for your situation.  i've worked in oncology for a long time and can tell you that there have never been such good treatments for breast cancer as there are now.  long-term remission and cures are possible, depending on the type and stage of the cancer and how well your mom will react to the treatments.  everything medical will depend on her staging work up and the success of the surgery, and you can't do anything about that.  hopefully she will have a good team of specialists and hopefully she will trust them and follow their advice.    her real recovery, though, will depend a lot on her mental state and the support she gets.  it will be important for you to stay in very close touch with her (even daily calls) through her treatment, and beyond.  i'd kick your sister's butt enough to get her attention and explain the whole thing to her.  she will have to help and have to knock off her selfishness...your mom will need help and will definitely not need the stress and hassle of drama.   good luck to your mom, to you and your family.
t3_30692f-t3_30692f-cppujdk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5907	we met in 7th grade at a halloween party, he was 13 and i was 12.  within a few hours we were sitting on the couch together, his arm around me.  for the next two months or so we talked everyday after school and over the weekends, but eventually stopped talking as often and we would just chat occasionally at school. fast forward to freshman year of highschool when our lockers were across from each other and we started talking a lot more often. i always had a major crush on him. we started hanging out a lot on the weekends and by the second semester we started dating. we were inseparable. the next three years of highschool had highs and lows. we had plenty of "breaks" but we're never really broken up. despite any "breaks" we continued to have an extremely healthy physical relationship. we both loved adventure and too often found ourselves getting into trouble together, true partners in crime. when we weren't up to no good, we were playing sports.  we were both varsity athletes all four years of highschool and were very competitive with our club teams (school teams were more for fun than anything). we ended up going to the same college and within the first two weeks we had a conversation along the lines of "we are either committed to this relationship or we go our separate ways and we'll see each other around".  we decided to stay together and never had another "break" since that day. we rocked the hell out of our college days. we got married when we were 25, ten and a half years after we started dating, twelve years after we first met. we are both very successful in our careers and are really living an amazing life together.  total downer to this otherwise happy story is that i was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer two years ago.  statistically i have a year or two more of life to live (pretty much have been a statistical anomoly in every aspect when it comes to my diagnosis and response to treatment though). my man has been so incredible through it all. he's honestly the one thing that keeps me going everyday. i want to make sure the time we have left together is just as kickass as the last 16 years have been.  i'm not scared of dying but i'm terrified of leaving him behind. we've certainly been tested over the years but as long as were both alive, nothing can tear us apart.
t3_1nx5af-t1_ccmx238-ccmx6j3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't care if you have a different pov. i think your strongarm assertions are my issues. you seem very angry over all of this and it is obviously impacting your ability to repersent yourself in a calm manner. i don't feel like arguing with someone in that mindset. if you want to have a debate on the facts i am happy to debate you but that requires a certain decorum.  i have lost family to pancreatic cancer, aids, colon cancer. i have friends and family that have survived breast cancer. i could run the gamut of causes i could decry. i am not going to single out the nfl and breast cancer as a target of my rage.   you want to carry this with a burning torch, that is your hill to climb. not mine.
t3_3eusrj-t1_ctip29a-ctj5s5a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my sister was diagnosed with breast cancer two years ago.  a few months after her diagnoses and surgery, my boyfriend and i had a falling out.  the words i will never forget?  "i would have [ended things] sooner if your sister didn't have cancer, but i had to be your rock."  i'd never been so angry - i didn't want to be someone's obligation.  things were shitty, but it was shittier knowing he only stayed because it would have looked bad for him if he didn't.  op, break up with her.  you're not compatible anymore, and she deserves to marry someone who loves her.  the least shitty thing to do is end it now.
t3_1jtbc5-t3_1jtbc5-cbi8220	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	guys, webmd diagnoses you with cancer everytime you go on it. guys, did you hear? webmd said i had breast cancer but i'm a dude. guys, webmd said i had testicular cancer when i was looking up symptoms for the flu. guys, i found out that i have lung cancer through webmd when i was looking up how to treat a small cut.   there, it's done. can we stop upvoting this shit every week?
t3_22c8jf-t3_22c8jf-chd4cvp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	pain was my first symptom. i thought my bf had elbowed me on the side of my left boob when he flipped over in his sleep. he had done it a couple of times. months later a lump began to form.  i am so sorry to hear about your wife, but the good news is that it is treatable. i was diagnosed with invasive ductal carcinoma, triple negative, stage iiia, in july of 2011. everybody's cancer is quite unique. 2 women might have the same type of cancer and be on the same chemo drugs and have completely different experiences.  my bf and i got through the worst of it with a lot of boob and mardi gras jokes. we had to shave my head after my first chemo treatment, as it was just coming out in clumps and made my head itchy as hell.  just take care of yourselves, be patient, use humor as much as possible and know that it's horrible, but you can both get through this. then things get a lot better.  i am finally scheduled for my first reconstructive surgery tomorrow morning. i tried going for a tissue expander first, but it's not going to work, my skin is too thin from the radiation. so tomorrow they will do a lat. dorsi flap. about six weeks after that they will lift and reduce my healthy breast to match. i don't care what size they are, as long as they're even.  there are no absolutes with cancer. some women have pain, others have no symptoms at all. use every resource available to you. call the hotlines, ask for help. my thoughts and prayers are with you both.
t3_4so40k-t3_4so40k-d5bo1j5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.687	hi! thanks for having this ama. last year i went up to albany with my lawyer and a few other people, one being a man whos wife died because the hospital failed to diagnose her breast cancer in time, and we lobbied and talked to senators about changing the law regarding medical malpractice and when the statute of limitations should start. in ny, it starts when the malpractice happens rather than when the patient finds out. i myself am lucky to be alive, because a hospital in the bronx failed to notify me of my cancer more than 2 years ago.  proof: http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/exclusive-libous-personal-push-lavern-law-article-1.2257503  how do you feel about ny's medical malpractice law and would you be interested in the [fight to change it](https://www.facebook.com/passlavernslaw/?fref=ts)?
t3_oro97-t1_c3jiqd9-c3jjv6d	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had breast cancer (luckily it was the earliest stage when they caught it), and even though it hadn't even really begun to spread yet, she just went ahead and had a mastectomy. she didn't need to have any chemotherapy because they were able to remove all of it, and our health insurance (state-provided insurance in the us - go figure!) paid for her reconstructive surgery. it was rough, but she didn't have to go through the weakening, feeling ill all the time or losing her hair.  so, i wanted to ask, is a mastectomy was a medical option for you? have you discussed it with your doctor as an alternative to chemo? it sounds scary and extreme, i know, but it actually can take much less recovery time and has far fewer negative side-effects than chemo.   but no matter what course of action you take, try to be be prepared for some weird things to happen for you socially. it is commonly said that having cancer (or having just about any serious illness or physical ailment, really) shows you who your real friends are, and that is definitely true. but fortunately, you've got your family on your side, and they will probably be your best support system. so if friends mysteriously seem to drop off the face of the earth, just forget about them. they aren't worth the hassle.
t3_7vdr9-t3_7vdr9-c07ihdu	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6085	my mom had breast cancer and she had insurance and works, but even with the ability to afford the treatment, it was still very harsh on her body. she is a single parent and had to go before work to receive treatment, and was not able to miss work, even when she felt as badly as she did. i am not agreeing with the fact that they are not receiving treatment, only saying that yes, knowing is one thing, the second is the receiving of treatment, and the third thing is still being able to work when you really feel like sleeping and throwing up.
t3_1i703p-t3_1i703p-cb1lmjk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had breast cancer because of my lumpy boobs/web md. nope, breast tissue is actually just harder than i thought and is apparently lumpy. i was just happy to not have cancer.
t3_33qeez-t1_cqnkmdz-cqo6l60	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5091	at my old job i had a friend who was a breast cancer survivor. two months after she started there she found a lump on the side of her neck. her doctors made her come in once a week for various tests. job stress, the possible cancer and a bunch of family stuff she was dealing with gave her chest pain, so she needed to go to even more doctors appointments.  eventually the company fired her for some bullshit reason, but it was obvious she was fired because she was missing so much work. god i hate that place.
t3_303e6v-t1_cpp2jlq-cppbolg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7825	i had a breast cancer scare and while waiting for results i actually wished that there was cancer. like a vicious, fast-spreading "poor me" cancer because i was ready to die at the time. turned out to just be a scare but it took me awhile to adjust to life again because i had made myself ready to "let go" and then it didn't happen.
t3_1r42ld-t3_1r42ld-cdjj4as	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it depends on which type and the kind of anesthetic used. several cultures would use opiods such as the middle east and china (usually morphine and later laudanum) as a kind of soporific, where it wouldn't completely knock them out, but leave them in a bit of a haze during medical care.  (spoiler alert- discussion of disturbing imagery).  alcohol was also used for centuries as if not an anesthetic, but more as a fortifier. one of the most famous pre-anesthetic cases in the late 1700s involved a middle aged woman who had to undergo a double mastectomy with several men holding her down, a shot of alcohol, and a cheesecloth to cover her face so she couldn't watch it (that also failed, she saw the whole thing). she actually survived for several decades after, somehow recounted the whole ordeal in her diary, but was very shaken for years after the procedure.   people during surgery basically had to just get through it by personal strength, bit of alcohol, and a strong  and very fast surgeon. one of the big drawbacks during awake surgery was that the patients were often thrashing and screaming, so surgery had to be as fast as possible. darwin had early in his life wanted to be a doctor, but his first time watching a surgery take place left him horrified to the point where he changed studies (much to our entire benefit), and would later claim that that much blood had  been terribly traumatizing.   by the early 1800s (it took a few decades from their original discoveries in the 1700s to be used medically), ether was finally starting to be used as a drug, but it was quickly replaced by nitrous oxide, because ether had a lot of drawbacks (vomiting, hard to dose, scary flammable, etc).  chloroform was also discovered in the 1800s, but it had even worse drawbacks, like a much higher mortality rate.
t3_2e28tl-t1_cjvdxjg-cjvht4a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know how many times i have to repeat this, the goal of breast cancer awareness month is not for helping breast cancer research. it's a campaign to encourage women to get themselves checked. breast cancer affects 12% of women. though the survival rate is pretty slim at the later stages, it's very preventable and that's what this campaign is aiming for.
t3_44zq0j-t1_czubf57-czv3xfy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom is currently in treatment for breast cancer and melanoma, she finished up chemo in december, doing radiation now. the chemo brain is so real, she will call me and two seconds later cannot remember why she called me or when she calls she tells me something that was meant for one of my sisters. she has put a pot of water onto boil then forgot about it until all the water is gone and the pot is smoking (only one time thank goodness), she loses her keys and phone every day. its much better now but during the 5 months she was getting chemo, it was bad.
t3_1tc2tc-t3_1tc2tc-ce6ffwq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	forget that. is it offensive to men with prostate cancer that other men don't have it? is it offensive to people without a beard if i have one? the women with breast cancer have gone through a lot, i'm pretty sure they can handle seeing the 20yr down the road go check her mail in a tank top.
t3_2j0h8r-t1_cl7781v-cl7c62p	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6804	in her defense though, the treatment isn't cheap. and it makes you feel like shit. i had an aunt who died of breast cancer 2 years ago and she stopped doing the treatment because of both these reasons. my mom was pissed at her and then obviously extremely sad.
t3_crq2z-t1_c0uqz1n-c0uraig	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5938	i'm going to add this right here...   my mother had a masectomy and had reconstruction. she got saline implants. she had some weird reaction to them...  had to have them taken out.   also once you have implants, it makes mammograms and breast cancer detection more difficult.   i'm not saying you should absolutely not do this. it is your body. just give it lots and lots and lots of thought. i will share that i am told by my doctor i'm the "perfect" candidate for a tummy tuck (my abdomen was totally wrecked after my pregnancies) and it's really, really tempting! i know clothes would be easier to fit. i could wear a bikini. etc. but after doing all the research, the risks are just not worth it. also, i am mom to teens, and i don't want my teens growing up thinking they are imperfect in anyway and need to be "fixed."   just to be clear - i am completely supportive of breast reductions, or plastic surgery after massive weight loss to remove excess skin. medically necessary sorts of surgery.
t3_yvf1l-t3_yvf1l-c5z645t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i knew where babies came from but i didn't know what exactly what sex was or the method of how the sperm got to the egg - i thought it was just something that somehow happened when men and women loved each other - then bam! baby - like some automatic response. roll on to aged seven and my elder brother having his first sex ed class and telling me all about what sex was. i thought he was just lying and being disgusting (i thought that sex meant really long kissing) but then my mum confirmed it. pale and disgusted i promised on the spot with a horrified face that i'd never have sex ever. ha... ha... yeah ironically i'm still a virgin so my seven year old self has been true up to this point (sigh).  i also freaked out when my breasts first started developing, suddenly feeling two small lumps under my chest as an eleven year old and convinced that i had breast cancer or something.  and then there was the first time i had a late period and got the paranoid thought i was somehow the next virgin mary. i was never so relieved to have a period in my life than then.
t3_3lkcun-t1_cv7ppuz-cv7w85l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8603	you may not. i'm 25 and discovered my lump at 21. keep your head up and stay positive.   my lumps are non cancerous despite breast cancer running on my mother's side. my doctor was very good about any concerns or anxieties i had. even when it came to my surgery. make sure your doctor makes your comfortable too. that's very important.   anyway... just keep positive and don't worry. being young and having medical issues doesn't mean the end. (i also have complex ovarian cysts and migraines. :p) bodies are just weird and do weird things sometimes. you're not broken. you're still awesome.
t3_48t60g-t1_d0mfcrf-d0mk91z	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6584	funny, that's almost exactly what my doctor said after i was diagnosed with stage 2 triple-positive breast cancer two years ago--"they have some really great treatments for that now!" were her exact words, as i recall. people are funny about cancer--because there are really no cures, only treatments, people go into a form of denial sometimes where those living with the disease are both feared and elevated to the level of sainthood. we're expected to be some sort of shining beacon for humanity when all most of us want is to just go about our daily lives as we always did and not have to worry about upsetting others by being a daily reminder that they too are mortal.
t3_2ozt81-t3_2ozt81-cmslr4t	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm 31 and i have stage iv breast cancer. your wife can live a long happy life even with her recent diagnosis. i've been doing chemo treatments for 19 months with very very few side effects. i still work full time, work out, and honestly live my life just as i did prior to my diagnosis.  people that don't know can't even tell i'm "sick". i'm in a support group with women of all ages with stage iv breast cancer and some of them have been living with advanced disease for over 10years. don't let the statistics get to you, reading them is the worst thing you can do. it is definitely scary at first, but after a while you stop thinking about it all the time. it gets better!   side note, i was given the "fibrocystic breast" story too. i has issues beginning when i was 23 and had things checked out often. doctors disregarded my concerns due to my age.
t3_48l45y-t1_d0khfcd-d0kn47o	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6514	https://www.sciencebasedmedicine.org/medical-marijuana-as-the-new-herbalism-part-2-cannabis-does-not-cure-cancer/  i'm sorry, but i have to challenge this assertion, because i have a good friend currently dying of breast cancer that she attempted to cure with similar quackery while ignoring medical science.   steve jobs thought a holistic approach best too, and look how that worked out for him.
t3_2171vz-t3_2171vz-cgaa7oh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6577	my mom was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2004 after she had stopped smoking for over ten years, and her younger brother died of lung cancer before her.  but she is still alive.  she did have surgery and chemo in 2005.  one never really knows how it will go.  i wish you and your mom the best for whatever way things go. i have a sister that was just diagnosed with breast cancer too. and another sister thought she had lung cancer but then they said she did not have cancer just last week. our family is being blasted right now. we are all taking it the best we can and support each other as much as possible. we have helped some family members with their deathing, esp since multiple people are involved with hospice.  it is a relief to know that many of us are experienced this way and are really able to be there for each other when things get tough. we are used to working as a team and rotate care each 24 hrs during each week.  we love this service and form of deep love for our loved ones. personally, i have had numerous serious brushes with death, esp serious car accidents with mortality. wake up calls and mostly wonderful experiences although painful to lose people we love! i personally am grateful to have taught death-dying classes and to have been both a hospice volunteer and bereavement counselor.  i did not seek it, it found me!  i am so grateful that i have had these experiences and have looked deeply into the death-dying process on holistic levels....physical-mental-emotional-social-moral-spiritual levels! philosophical-spiritual dimensions of death-dying are the ones that have helped me the most. it helped me to ask the deepest and the most important questions about life and living to help me live each day as fully and with as much love as possible. allows for very rich and deep life-living with deep insights.  maybe if you have a college-univ near you you could take a class or at least get the text and read it.  online texts easy to find.  if there is a hospice volunteer training in your area, you could do their training regardless of whether you volunteer or not.  when i taught death-dying classes there were lots of class activities for students to do too. right now both my parents are in their 80s and healthy.  i do my best to keep in touch with them and to help them in the ways they really need help. i try to be real with them and talk to them about authentic things and not avoid realities.  i am their executors of their estates and have been helping them get all their legal and practical affairs ready long before they go.  (had a brother who died unexpectedly and that gave all of us a reality check about getting ready.  i have not done my will yet!) anyway, there are so many ways to get into death and dying.  it is just as natural a part of life and living as birth.  if you want any other ideas, please message me.  happy to help. it is a wonderful opportunity to find gratitude for all you have had in life, inc time with your mom. i see my mom weekly now after living out of state for almost a decade, and it is nice to ask her lots of questions and to get to know her on much deeper levels even though she has mild dementia.  i know we both enjoy these times. there are lots of movies on netflix about death and dying, inc documentaries too. in some ways it seems that it is the emotional issues that you are currently challenged by. you probably have plenty of time to work thru what is calling you. best and blessings.
t3_1x2tkf-t1_cf7s455-cf7s85j	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6561	chemotherapy really scrambled her brain, and she doesn't even realize how bad she gets when she drinks. i'm glad breast cancer didn't kill her, but the person who came out of the ordeal is not entirely the same person i grew up with.  she used to be able to balance the crazy with the normal. now it seems to happen in the same breath.  edit: and thanks. i meant to acknowledge you but was caught up in trying to figure out how to explain her.
t3_1rdmej-t1_cdmavi0-cdmeqrc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as someone who has a lot of reservations about sgk foundation, and as someone for whom music has been very important, i was definitely cheering for ilan and was happy he won. not that i have anything against funding breast cancer research, but the sgk foundation, as with many other things, such as the kony 2012 campaign, that are designed strictly to raise awareness and not actually work toward resolutions, tend to seem pretty fishy to me. not to rip on cory in the least, i'm sure he's a fine dude, and obviously has a very personal story that drove his charity of choice, but i just feel like a little more background research could be employed when making rather substantial donations.  as for the music charity - i don't know much about it, but i am a musician, and music has meant a lot in my life, so i totally get how it's something very personal and important to him. i guess i understand your point of view, that maybe other charities deserve higher priority for more challenging global issues. however, i think because the gauntlet is a very skill based challenge that they've built the skills for over their life time, i think it's pretty fair that they donate to something that is personally relevant to them.
t3_33bh64-t3_33bh64-cqjc1do	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a dream the other night that i had sex with my boss and got breast cancer from it because his mum had breast cancer so somehow her cancer genes spread to me. that would suck.
t3_179zdv-t1_c83lpdq-c83ufhl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; epilepsy affects over 3 million americans of all ages – more than multiple sclerosis, cerebral palsy, muscular dystrophy, and parkinson’s disease combined.  &gt; in america, epilepsy is as common as breast cancer, and takes as many lives.  http://www.epilepsy.com/node/986825  although cancer can spread which is more dangerous. it also says roughly 1% of people have epilepsy which is a pretty big chunk of the world. you would think it would receive more funding. some of those stats i find pretty shocking.  your probably right though, that once scientist finally understand how the brain works and functions, epilepsy can be controlled correctly. just seems like it will be way down the road though.
t3_2h2zo7-t3_2h2zo7-ckoyk9g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a breast cancer scare at 20. i cried a lot, i stayed in my room, i told my boyfriend of 1.5 years.   don't focus on keeping a secret, because it is terrifying and it's incredibly mind numbing and you'll feel like your world is ending and you need support.  and if it turns out to be nothing, you can celebrate that euphoric relief with your loved ones. if the results are ugly, you'll have the support of your loved ones.   i would have killed myself with the stress, anxiety, depression, and loneliness if i didn't tell my parents. it's really rough.  if you need to talk, my inbox is open. good luck brother, fight hard and lean on your supports whenever you want.
t3_39o4tj-t3_39o4tj-cs56o07	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7499	here goes nothing - get on iodine. read the book "the iodine crisis".  it should not be any interference with your chemo.   it kills cancer and has succesful testimonials.  “a dear friend of mine has been getting me in the know and i believe it is changing the lives of those around me! i started a friend that was diagnosed with a death sentence of cancer on the iodine therapy that is described in this book and she has now been given "no cancer" diagnosis. we went into it with "what do i have to loose?" and now, "wow, did it get rid of the cancer?" what do any of us have to loose trying to go to natural remedies?  she had started out with cancer of the uterus in 2000 and then it returned all over her in 2002 she was told it couldn't go in remission but did! then almost 3 years ago it returned in a tumor that closed off her urine flow so she had to have a cath at all times. we started the iodine therapy one year ago, and within two months her urine flow was going past the cath so we wondered about the cancer's progress. she had been placed on hospice, so we had to get her off of it before any test could be done. this was finally done in february! nothing shows up except a 4 cm "spot" on her pubic bone. the bladder scan and pap test were done with no signs of cancer!   this was what happened with her only up to 50mgs of iodine and i maintaining that.  in addition to that i might add: i had been diagnosed with fibrocystic breast disease in 1986. with every mammogram i have done, i have to return for additional test because of what they see. i started the iodine therapy along with my friend in june, 2012. within two months, my lumps and soreness was gone! i remain at 12.5 mg., and i will continue taking this until somebody shows me a reason to quit!”  links  http://www.cancerdefeated.com/newsletters/cancer-fighting-mineral-is-almost-totally-ignored.html  https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cu1cokdixzuu-mgb9ikv4ql0skxodt1pye2mwms2fgi/edit
t3_1ja0d9-t3_1ja0d9-cbcqr91	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer last august, had surgery in september and october, did a very aggressive chemo from nov-apr (doxetocin, carboplatin and herceptin) then had 6 weeks of radiotherapy. the herceptin, and now tamoxifen, will be ongoing for months/years but i had a really great scan a few weeks ago and seem to be winning. just wanted you to know there are others out there in bad situations who have hope and are doing better than expected. i don't know about you but it's drawn my family and friends together in ways i'd never expected. stay positive, it's the only option right :)
t3_3mwxnk-t3_3mwxnk-cviuzsy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6537	first, calm down, if you can.  i believe breast cancer at your age would be extremely rare.  i would talk with your mother, if you have a good relationship with her.  if not, or if you think she would get very worried, i'd go with your boyfriend to the hospital near you and see how you can arrange to see a breast specialist.  again, try to not jump to the worst possible scenario, as you most likely do not have breast cancer.  btw, i had breast cancer, at 51, and thus far i'm fine, 16 years later.  many breast cancer survivors live long lives.  best of luck to you!
t3_4gyxpw-t1_d2m8zzo-d2m9cyo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, it was very tongue-in-cheek, funny and ridiculous. it was also pretty informative and they made a point to aim it at everyone since men can get breast cancer too.  at the same time it was kind of sad? infuriating? i don't have an exact word, but it made me kind of mad. also reminded me of some tv shows in my country where people can get butt-naked but women have to have pasties on to hide their nipples, wtf
t3_2vfy97-t3_2vfy97-cohxd7a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8074	if you don't mind me asking, what stage is your cancer in? in 2003 i was diagnosed with hodgkins lymphoma and non-hodgkins lymphoma at the same time...talk about bad luck! needless to say its been 12 years and although i do not have the energy i once used to, i am completely healthy and in remission. the lymphomas are easily treated diseases, even at stage 4. i have a cousin that was diagnosed with breast cancer and hodgkins, doctors gave her 1-3 years tops to live, she's still trucking living a healthy life 10 years later. as the late jimmy v once said "don't give up, don't ever give up"...those words have echoed in my head since the day i was diagnosed. cross those items off your bucket list, enjoy life with your wife, do some crazy shit that you wouldn't normally do. if its your time, go out swinging...don't ever let a diagnosis such as yours hold you back from enjoying your life. in the end, we all reach the same place. keep me posted, and feel free to message me any questions you may have. i've led a hell of a life since i was diagnosed and anytime someone goes through the same i try my best to say the things that i needed said to me by family and friends to change my outlook on existence and how to truly live. fuck cancer.   p.s. i'm really into science and decided i finally wanted a tattoo. guess what i got? the molecular structure for one of the chemotherapy drugs i received known as vincristine. drug fucked me up bad. serves as a reminder every day on my arm that i will not let any diagnosis hold me back. maybe you should check it out!
t3_xdyes-t3_xdyes-c5lpbuk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6818	i have one that affected me and one that affected another.  first, how i affected my grandma.  i was a kid sitting in her lap having a book read to me.  i got up and quickly turned and accidentally elbowed her in the breast.  she cried out and it bruised and i felt really bad for hurting my grandma.  i didn't know, but the bruise lasted for weeks.  she finally got it checked out and they found breast cancer.  it was early enough that they could treat it.  i didn't really realize the impact until many years later as i didn't really know what cancer was.  second, how a random xray tech saved my life.  i was 15 and i was having xrays done before a routine tonsil removal and nasal scraping (i had a layer of skin that kept me from being able to breathe well through my nose).  the xray tech came in and talked to me a little before i saw the doctor.  the pre-surgery appointment was ending and the xray tech came back in and said he saw something that he just had to mention.  there was a tiny(1cm) little bottom of a circle at the top of the xray.  it just stood out to him.  he talked my family into looking more into it and it turned out to be an arachnoid cyst growing between my brain and skull.  it was there since birth and it had kind of deteriorated that part of my skull to the point where it was extremely thin and could crack/break with very little impact.  i had to have immediate brain surgery to remove it.  now 15 years later i have two beautiful daughters and an amazing wife and a huge scar running atop my head from ear to ear to remind me of how short life can be.
t3_2hdbnk-t3_2hdbnk-cks07m9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"they're just a day older than yesterday, and they can't read the calendar."  course, i have one who might be able to.  my nursling just turned five.  she nurses probably a total of 10 minutes a week.  but she's really not ready to give up those 10 minutes.  i mentioned today i'm going to see a doctor next week (geneticist) to see if i have the breast cancer gene, and if i do i'm probably going to have my breasts removed.  omg, tears!  i had to promise i wouldn't do it until she was done nursing.
t3_pjmwf-t3_pjmwf-c3pwfb6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6839	i'd use the money to be able to stay alive - and help others with my condition to be able to stay alive too.  i am a breast cancer patient who has one of the nastiest, most hard-to-treat forms of breast cancer, so-called "triple negative".  (that's stage 4, triple-negative, poorly-differentiated, ductal carcinoma which has metastasized to the liver, for those who speak oncology.)  in a very controversial move last year, the fda [disallowed the medicine which has been keeping me alive](http://ihatebreastcancer.wordpress.com/2011/11/20/avastin-the-last-word).     quote from the article: "in her (fda official) decision denying that appeal, dr. hamburg concedes that there are groups of “super responders” who experience dramatic improvements when treated with avastin. but she then says those patients don’t count because “it is not possible to determine if there is some subset of patients within the population as a whole that may have had a meaningful benefit.”   i am one of those super-responders.  avastin is the drug that saved my life.   i have also suffered no serious side effects from avastin.     unfortunately this stuff is expensive.  there's no way i can pay for this on my own.  i was on full chemo awhile back, but i am just on avastin now, which lets me slowly recover from the nasty effects of the chemo.  my current insurance setup is still paying for my avastin temporarily,  but we don't know how long that will last.  my oncologist is pissed and very concerned for me.  if i won 300 million dollars, i would budget enough to keep myself alive for at least 10 years (and also budget in just enough to cover some very basic living expenses.)   i figure 10 years should be enough to catch the next good breakthrough.  i would then use the money to create a fund to benefit other super-responders to avastin.  the goal would be to keep other people like me alive until the next good, life-saving breakthrough finally comes along.  tl;dr:   i have breast cancer and the us government has disallowed the breakthrough drug which is keeping me alive.   so i would (a) use a little of the money to pay for my needed medicine in cash (b) save the lives of as many other "avastin super responders" as much as financially possible.
t3_1mj2l1-t3_1mj2l1-cca4wru	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;tom brady to retire: gisele bundchen diagnosed with advanced breast cancer  i love how you make everything a story and gives it a much more realistic feel, similarly to when landry jones career ending injury swayed peyton and tom to retire in your previous sim.   keep up the great work! i'm excited to see how the steelers do with ray lewis in the middle. i'm smelling a 7th ring!!!
t3_4bj9t5-t3_4bj9t5-d19x6gw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first: hug from an internet stranger.  it could just be a lump, try not to worry, okay?  and if it is, the survival rates on breast cancer now are so good.  it'll be okay - the important part is that you're screening.  second: your boyfriend may have anxiety.  my husband had it undiagnosed/untreated for years, and his reaction to bad shit happening to me was to shut down.  therapy has helped him a lot.  the question now is: is this how you want to spend the rest of your life?  my husband didn't develop his anxiety until a few years into our marriage (marriage helped cause it) and there have been days when i nearly left him.  it is not easy to live with someone with anxiety who doesn't want to do jack shit about it.  you are young enough - and unattached enough - to not tie yourself to him.
t3_1su4yl-t3_1su4yl-ce1ixr1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	grabbing a throwaway for this one...  1. i don't mind my chest. my breasts are pretty small so they don't get in the way or cause me any back pain or anything else. i don't tend to wear bras very often and i pretty much just don't even notice them most of the time, unless i'm body checking. i'm much more concerned with my hips. they're fairly wide and it irritates me; i usually dress in a way that makes them look slimmer. i dislike the way curves look on me and would much prefer to be a plank. i think this has more to do with my eating disorder + body dysmorphia then anything else, though, so i really wouldn't think much of it. i don't have any strong feelings about my voice.  2. i'll come out and say that i think gender is a harmful social construct that needs to be abolished. i used to say a lot as a kid that i wished i was born a boy, and this kept up until a couple years ago. i've realized now that i never really wanted to be a boy. i was just constantly told that the things i was interested in were for boys, the haircuts i liked were for boys, liking girls was for boys. so i'd figured if all the stuff i liked were stuff only guys liked, i must be a guy. i'd never really felt a disconnect when it came to my body in regards to being female, but i don't think i would've minded if it were male, either. anyway, i realize now that i'm content in the body i was born in as far as my sex goes, and it's the gender roles that were forced on me that are the problem.  3. n/a, i've never worn a binder. the only reason i can think of that i would, would be for a cosplay.  4. if there was some reason it was necessary, like if i had breast cancer. i'm not overly attached to my breasts but i wouldn't get them removed unless there wasn't some sort of problem that required a mastectomy to fix.
t3_3r3002-t3_3r3002-cwkllc0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i never managed to use the pomodoro technique either. i'm having a little bit more luck with software that blocks my use.  this is an excerpt from emotional first aid by guy winch about how to set goals:  1) define your goal in as realistic and specific terms as possible.  keep in mind: formulate clear and measurable objectives. for example, “get into shape for summer” is realistic but not specific. “win the lottery” is specific but not realistic, and “write a best-selling novel” is neither specific (what is the novel about?) nor realistic (few novels become best sellers). pauline defined her goal as “find three venues to meet people with similar interests.” in addition, defining your goal in ways that are personally meaningful and that you find inherently interesting and enjoyable will help maximize your motivation over the long term. for example, you might define your weight loss and exercise goal as “develop a healthier lifestyle that gives me greater vitality and stamina so i can enjoy active pursuits with my children and grandchildren for many years to come.” give careful thought to the regimens you choose as well. for example, your motivation to exercise might be stronger and last longer if you joined a hiking group with friends than if you ran on a treadmill in your basement alone.  2) break down the goal into intermediate steps.  keep in mind: how we break down our long-term goals into smaller intermediate steps can have a huge and crucial impact on our motivation. intermediate goals that require too little effort can cause us to lose interest and enthusiasm and become less engaged in pursuing our larger goal, and thus hamper our motivation. intermediate goals that are too challenging tend to frustrate us and therefore also lead to a loss of motivation. try to define intermediate milestones that provide a challenge but aren’t too daunting. it is best to get some successes under our belt, so we should ramp up slowly by starting with easier challenges that become (incrementally) harder. when defining our subgoals it is important to focus on variables within our control (e.g., our performance) rather than those outside our control (e.g., a specific outcome). for example, weight loss or fitness goals should focus on what we eat or how much exercise we get (as those are within our control) and not on how much weight we lose (as we cannot force our bodies to lose weight at a predetermined rate). if we plan to start a blog we should determine the allotments of time we plan to set aside to work on it, not the actual progress we hope to make (as it is difficult to foresee programming and design problems and other difficulties). it is better to feel we’re making progress on our cheese lovers blog because we put in as many hours as we said we would than to feel as though we’re failing because it took us half a day to resize a stunning picture of swiss flösserkäse. pauline broke her goal into the following subgoals: “make a list of activities that interest me. search online for possible venues. explore one new venue a week.”  3) set time frames for the overall and intermediate goals.  keep in mind: it is best to go through the intermediate goals on your list and indicate two time frames for each, a starting date/hour and a completion date/hour. objective deadlines might make it necessary to create a time frame for our larger goal first and then assign time frames to each of the intermediate goals accordingly (such as when we’re training for a marathon or creating a portfolio for an upcoming job or school interview), but when possible we should set time frames for intermediate goals first, as doing so allows for more realistic and attainable schedules. much as we did when forming our intermediate goals, making the time frames moderately challenging is the best way to maintain our interest, effort, and motivation. pauline decided to start the next day and to explore one new venue a week until she found a suitable one, after which she would explore a new venue every two weeks.   4) list any potential detours, setbacks, or temptations that might arise.  keep in mind: we would be wise to adopt the boy scouts’ motto and “be prepared” by troubleshooting not only what might go wrong but what could go wrong as well. for example, if our goal is to minimize our drinking and adopt moderation we might anticipate the need to strategize what to do during holiday parties at work but we should also consider what to do if we’re asked to attend a last-minute business dinner with clients who are wine lovers. pauline anticipated potential problems with her babysitter, who had a history of canceling at the last minute.  5) list the possible solutions for each of the above detours, setbacks, or temptations, including what you can do to avoid them and how you plan to implement these solutions. phrase your implementation strategies as positive actions (e.g., “if i’m offered a cigarette i will say, no, thanks, i quit,” as opposed to, “if i’m offered a cigarette i won’t take it”).  keep in mind: anticipating problems and planning solutions to them ahead of time is crucial for avoiding discouragement and maintaining motivation and morale when difficulties arise. any solution is only as good as our plan to implement it. for example, asking women intending to get a breast cancer exam to spend a few moments planning how and when they would do so made them twice as likely to follow through with the exam than women who did not make a plan.
t3_dns3k-t1_c11mzbb-c11p5vj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	let me see if i have this straight, mr. logic:  1.  breast cancer has a high survival rate, close to 90%.  2.  early detection and treatment is the key to this high survival rate.  3.  breast cancer awareness programs are bullshit.  brilliant.  you should get some sort of fucking prize or something.  look, little bear, the fact that you can't get laid is your problem.  getting mad at the girls and being bitter isn't going to help you solve this problem at all.  i guarantee you it actually makes you less likely to get laid.  girls can smell that misogynistic shit a mile away.
t3_4ya252-t3_4ya252-d6mzl1e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i sold some shots of my tits and bits to some virgin in canada for $200 when i needed new bras really really badly (short version: i thought i had breast cancer because of my breast pain but it turned out i jumped like four cup sizes for the second time in my life). could have made another $300 taking his v-card (i live maybe an hour from where he lived, given i live in a northern state), but ended up deciding there was no way in shit i'd fucking do that (oddly enough, my best friend at the time was pissed at me for not doing it).  to this day, my parents think i got the money from a commission for sprite work for an indy game where i'd asked for a good amount up front instead of a percentage of the profits, which they believed since i'd gotten fucked over on my last sprite commission and never got my cut (to this day, they claim no profits whatsoever....)
t3_1dbngl-t3_1dbngl-c9p788n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it might help to remind yourself that not all women have periods, can become pregnant, or even have breasts...whether they are biologically female or not. for every trans woman, there is a cis woman with poly-cystic ovarian syndrome, or perhaps she had to have a hysterectomy. thus, she doesn't get a period. i have a friend that i have known since middle school...we are in our mid-twenties now, and she has never had a period. i have also known women who have had breast cancer as well as ovarian/uterine cancer that have had to undergo a hysterectomy as well as a mastectomy. don't beat yourself up over what you don't have...because what you don't have doesn't make you any less of a woman.   the truth is, women come in all shapes and sizes whether they are biological or trans. it doesn't matter, for they are women no matter what.  perhaps following a body positive blog would help? just an idea.
t3_173apz-t3_173apz-c81tl61	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8077	hi there.  i'll try my best to point you towards resources i've found that have helped me fight depression, center myself, and (begin to) develop my social skills; but i'll try and keep the advice itself light - you can find counsel in any subsection i will try to introduce you to; but, of course, i'll share the gems i've found, if you prefer.  would you prefer a sympathetic ear to advice?  i'll listen.  but i want you to do something for me.  find some way to convince yourself that you have the power to change your life.  put that in your daily affirmations, write it down, tape it on your ceiling above your bed, and look at it, read it, meditate on it every day when you wake up.  or do something!  but the first step to recovering from depression is recognizing that it is a temporary mental state, and the second is convincing yourself that you have the power to endure your downs and change your life.  the rest of the road to recovery, the road you must travel is, well, actually taking action.  if something seems intimidating, break it down into smaller steps, and take it one bit at a time.  you have the power to transform yourself or your environment into something you better like.    here are some links that might be helpful; i wish you the best of luck.  because nobody should be alone in a dark place.  www.reddit.com/r/depression   yes, it may sound like hippy bullcrap, but mindfulness meditation *is* useful for achieving focus, learning how to live in the moment, learning awareness of how your mind works, and is a useful starting point for other meditative practices.  and "mettā meditation", also known as "compassion meditation" is the most effective anti-depression tool i know of.  www.reddit.com/r/meditation  useful for learning about and discussing social skills.  also, you're not alone in feeling awkward and lonely.  www.reddit.com/r/socialskills/  things will get better.  i'll try and keep an eye on this thread for the next few days; but if you want, please drop me a pm, and i'll be happy to help.  edit:    i lost my mom to breast cancer just this october.  it's ... the hardest thing i've ever been through, i think.  but it has spurred me into at least trying to break out and do something with my life.  it's a balancing act, trying to let yourself feel grief, but not be consumed by it.  if you want to talk about your mom's cancer, i'm ok with that, too.  good luck.
t3_2kakhc-t1_cljfcst-cljidel	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	maybe without boobs, nipples are pointless in the way of they serve no purpose but i think it'd be weird not have them, like if i had breast cancer and they had to remove my breasts and i no longer had nipples i'd feel super weird about that.
t3_4ag43q-t1_d10asdc-d10tznk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	dude. the pain is terrible. worst part for me was when you google "lump in armpit" the first things that come up are a million ads for how you probably have breast cancer and are going to die in two weeks. even my doctor didn't know what it was and just told me i had chronic ingrown hairs. it wasn't until i had a huge abscess and had to go to urgent care that the urgent care doc gave me a diagnosis and told me of the pcos linkage.
t3_1rc5k3-t1_cdm5dvf-cdm9rnz	breast_cancer	relevant	0.675	i respect your decision. i know it's a deeply personal one. for me, i couldn't bear the stress of biannual surveillance. i don't need to tell you what it's like - you know. but for everyone else, here's what surveillance was like for me and why i chose surgery. imagine this, reddit:  you're sitting in the radiologist's waiting room. you had a mammogram last week, and they called you back for a second look because there was something they couldn't quite see well enough and since you're brca positive, they're extra cautious. double that if you have dense breast tissue, which makes your breasts a particularly evil where's waldo? scene. (mine were so dense that when i had exams, doctors would go round up all the med students and interns so they could learn what dense breasts felt like.)  while you're cooling your heels in the waiting room rather than heading home because the radiologist wants to talk to you, your phone rings. it's your sister informing you mom is back in the hospital -- her cancer has returned. the nurse calls your name. the radiologist found a small mass in your left breast. a little calcification. probably nothing. but it has a tail on it -- possibly a sign of something moving along a duct.  "we need to biopsy it. have you had aspirin in the past ten days?"  "yesterday."  they set an appointment for a biopsy in nine days, which you sweat out, while you rummage through the closet of your brain, trying on every nightmare. biopsy day finally arrives, but that morning there's worse news: mom's cancer has metastasized throughout her body. they're going to try chemo, but it doesn't look good. you lie face down on the table, breast dangling and harpooned by long needles, imagining the great mother-daughter days ahead, bald and vomiting into matching plastic trays.  then you wait some more, trying to get a little work done, trying not to snap at people you love. the call finally comes. benign! it's like your birthday, new year's eve and getting out of jail all at once!  all too soon you're back again. most brca1 breast cancers are triple-negative -- the kind that can blossom and spread in just a couple months, so you can't wait long for another check. this time it's an mri. they put an iv in your arm for the dye and squeeze you into a narrow, clanking tube. it takes about a year and you wonder if you'll ever breathe (or hear) again. the next day the phone rings. they found a suspicious mass in your right breast. it looks like a tangle of abnormal blood vessels. nice. this time you were smart and swore off aspirin weeks ago, so you get an appointment in a few days to come back for an mri-guided biopsy (that's two mri's in a week, for those of you totting up the costs). back in the clanking tube! only this time, with more needles.  then you wait. again. jumping every time the phone rings. wondering how disfigured you'll be after a lumpectomy, how badly radiation will burn your skin, who will make soup and sit with you and stroke your brow now that mom is gone. the call finally comes. benign again! it was a complex cyst. once more, you beat the reaper, but the celebratory bloom is off the rose.   so, let me ask you: how many times should i do this, knowing they'll find something every time? i've got decent insurance now, but what happens under obamacare? if i have a mastectomy now, it's done and paid for. if i have a mastectomy now, it's just a mastectomy. if i wait, it's a mastectomy, chemo, radiation and possibly death. the future is a vast unknown with a giant c on it.  who is the real me? the happy, focused, vital woman who made the drastic choice to "mutilate herself" and then move on? or the physically intact, natural "as god made me" woman who lives in dread of the next round of surveillance, who, with nearly certain odds of the deadliest form of breast cancer, knows that her dread is justified?  when they talk about the numbers of women who choose surveillance, how long do you think that's for? how many switch camps after a few rounds -- either because they can't bear it anymore or because cancer made the decision for them? some do stick it out and i salute your courage. i couldn't.
t3_66arq-t3_66arq-c02yvsm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	is it just me or is anyone else thinking they could do a better job than the incumbent and any of the candidates?  if it were me, i'd run on a civil society platform. we need three things: laws, services and people. laws to keep the people and the government civil. services to keep the peeps happy and people to be the peeps. really. how hard can it be? i'm thinking, if you want to know something, you should be able to email the chief and ask him and he should indulge the peeps in frequent appearances to explain what all he's been doing in his time. i think they call it transparency. i'd like to think of it as normal.  services? yeah, we'd want to give the peeps some services. single payer, universal health benefits. if the doctor says you need a double lung transplant, i don't think a bean counter should be able to step in and say that one is enough. we also need better education for all the peeps. and not just studying for more tests, but more meaningful education like computer literacy and for those not on a college track, we need to give them the skills to be the best mechanics, plumbers, carpenters or whatever it is they're interested in. we need the best damn public transportation system on the planet. trains that run coast-to-coast in less than a day.  the military... well, yeah, we need protection, but we don't have to offend 80% of the world when protecting ourselves. i like the idea of a department of self defense. currently, we have a department of offense that goes around the world offending people and painting targets on themselves and the rest of us. whatever happened to diplomacy? how civilized is war? if war were civilized then you wouldn't study literature and history in school, you'd study strategy and tactics to defeat any enemy in brutal warfare.  it would seem that if we eradicate ignorance through education then we could cure cancer, reverse global warming, and put a civilized and diplomatic end to war. if we don't vote for peace and happiness, then it will never win. maybe at 35, i'm just too young to understand. i know that services aren't free and so there will be taxes. but a smart tax solution accompanied by sound domestic and foreign policy would not hurt the people. imagine if the income tax you paid took care of your retirement and you health care insurance. you could take home more $$$ and enjoy the same services.  one other thing, i'd need volunteers for my cabinet. i'm thinking i'd invite all living nobel prize winners to join me. but, i'd also like a virtual cabinet. maybe we could use reddit to float ideas back and forth. i mean, i'd like to know what you're thinking on the matters that are going to impact you but we can't really have weekly or monthly votes to get your feedback and polls are always dominated by the media.   i'll need expert advice on immigration. my thinking is that we setup immigration offices in every post office and you just show up, fill out some paperwork, get your picture taken and your fingers scanned and wait 10 minutes while we run a little database check. next thing you know you're a tax paying peep with an embossed, holographed, rfid chipped, card to prove it. you'll need that card to get the healthcare benefits, board a plane, apply for college, or whatever. it's like your birth certificate.   i think we need to cure at least one kind of cancer in the next 10 years. personally, i'd prefer that we cure breast or prostate cancer. however, i'd certainly settle for the cure to skin cancer.  what else? what other issues would a president face? i think we could flesh it out right here and now and on day one we build rome. ok, ok. maybe we could put it off a day or two, but definitely within a couple weeks, right? :)
t3_3df651-t3_3df651-ct5fqwy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	you need to get a second opinion. i had lumps in my left breast. even though i am young, the pa in my ob/gyn (my doctor was out) sent me for a mammogram. long story short, left breast is ok but mammo showed micro calcifications in right bright and i now have a recent diagnosis of breast cancer. i had zero breast cancer symptoms and never would have known (until it spread probably) unless my pa, for whatever reason, sent me for the mammo. do not panic in reading that!!!! my story does not mean you will have the same story.  my point in sharing my story is that a large number of doctors will tell women that they are too young for cancer, mammograms, etc. even when warning signs and intuition are there. remember: you know your body best and i truly believe we have intuition about ourselves. a second opinion is what will probably give you the best possible result: peace of mind and knowledge. no matter what the results are, knowledge goes a long way in giving you peace of mind.   if it ends up being something undesirable, feel free to pm me. but remember do not panic now. i totally understand that the waiting part is horrible. no one really gets it until you are in that position. you will get through this waiting period. and there are a large number of awesome women out there who have gone through it and are with you in spirit. oh and stay off the internet. you will drive yourself crazy and lose a ton of sleep over what you read. find yourself a trusting doctor--getting second and third opinions, as desired and take this step by step. i don't know you in person, but my thoughts will be with you.
t3_3mwxnk-t3_3mwxnk-cviuzt0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.742	first, calm down, if you can.  i believe breast cancer at your age would be extremely rare.  i would talk with your mother, if you have a good relationship with her.  if not, or if you think she would get very worried, i'd go with your boyfriend to the hospital near you and see how you can arrange to see a breast specialist.  again, try to not jump to the worst possible scenario, as you most likely do not have breast cancer.  btw, i had breast cancer, at 51, and thus far i'm fine, 16 years later.  many breast cancer survivors live long lives.  best of luck to you!
t3_2rcm16-t3_2rcm16-cneumr8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6725	it's totally normal to be scared and it's good you are able to vent.  i hope you can find some support here but you also might want to check out a dedicated breast cancer forum (just google) to find more people in similar situations.  stage 3 means there is no evidence that it has spread beyond those lymph nodes, but she has insurance treatments of chemo and radiation to try to deal with any microscopic spread that was too small to see on the scans, and to help reduce the chance of it coming back.  i'm not sure in your moms case, but sometimes cancers can pop up pretty quickly, and spread to the lymph nodes pretty quickly.  sometimes cancers that grow quickly respond to chemo and radiation quickly as well.  again, there are many other factors.    the most important thing is starting to talk to her, ask her what you can do from 900 miles away, and when might be a good time to visit.  there is no reason to think you're going to lose your mother imminently , but she will be undergoing some treatments over the next several months.  also, consider meeting with a genetic counsellor before your test if she is in fact positive.  i'm not sure of your age or social situation, but you might consider talking to someone about how testing positive or negative impacts you and your family, or desire to have a family
t3_1cevpf-t3_1cevpf-c9g3t4e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one of my best stories...unfortunately i'm a little late to the party...  21 years old i go to tampa to visit a buddy and visit the stripclubs. at the hotel bar i meet an older woman (50 or so) and we start chatting. we leave and while waiting for the shuttle to the strip clubs i say to my buddy "wait here" and run back to the bar to get her number. she makes me put it under "grand mama, because that's what all the kiddies call me"  she and i text a bit while i'm at mons venus and she decides she's going to meet us out. we meet out at mons. she brings us across the street to apollo something or other and she pays for our cover, buys us drinks, buys us dances. we then went to blue mondays (or something...it's been 7 years). while we're there i decide i'm making my move. i invite her back to the hotel.  in the cab she tells me "what you see is not what you get". i say don't worry you're beautiful. she keeps saying it. we get out of the cab at the hotel and she sits me down and again says "what you see is not what you get". fine fine...anything to get laid.  we get to the room and she reiterates..."what you see is not what you get. i had breast cancer and just had a double mastectomy. they made my boobs out of fat from my butt. i get my nipples put on in two weeks". "ok, ok. you're beautiful" i tell her. so we get in to bed and i start giving it my all. i'm gonna make her feel beautiful. her shirt came off...she's right...no nipples. then, like something out of a movie, her wig starts falling off. she ripped it off and threw it in the corner like a champ. wow.  she had to be up at 7 for a meeting so i vowed to stay awake until she slept then bail. of course, after a long night of drinking i pass out and don't wake up until her alarm. i took all my clothes to the hallway and got dressed while running to my room. i think i called her a few times when drunk in college to prove my story was the truth. ugh.  i still have nightmares of those nippleless butt tits.  tl;dr: slept with a woman more than twice my age who had been through a double mastectomy with no nipples who ripped her wig off mid-coitus.  edit: engrish
t3_156lcf-t1_c7js666-c7js8n2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my firend is a teacher, has a teacher's union health insurance policy, which is really good. she's had to find funding for the 10's of thousands of dollars worth of treatment she;s received that's not covered by ohip.  that's not the only story i have that goes like that. breast cancer is a very well funded, well researched cancer and doesn't have a high mortality rate at all. so a cancer more difficult to treat, or a combination of cancers that mutate during treatment, which happens often in more difficult and advanced cancers, typically require treatment that is extremely expensive and not funded by ohip.
t3_2h58gr-t3_2h58gr-ckqc5tm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have the high risk of early breast cancer, like most of the women in my family. after going through constant fear since the age of 12 because a tumor at that age could kill you in under a month. i felt that knowingly putting someone else in that same spot is cruel.
t3_40e9sn-t3_40e9sn-cytnvko	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they did this same exact bull shit when i had breast cancer. the only difference was that it was done in gospel doctrine class with me there. i was told that the reason i was sick was because of a lack of faith. i never went to anything except sacrament meeting after that. i was furious.  turns out the dr's cut the cancer out of me, and i was healed. had nothing to do with any one or how they'd lived. i really think that was when i was done with mormonism.   in the meantime, my husband had to go spend a week with his father who was going to die at any moment. his father wasn't a mormon, but did let a mormon he knew give him a blessing. he told him he would be healed! no way in hell was that going to happen. he was in the very late stages of a 100% fatal and fast moving cancer. he died 4 days after his blessing.  fil died. i was home alone trying to take care of myself as good as i could. there were times i didn't eat because there wasn't food in the house and i couldn't go get any. i live in an area where there's no delivery. one person(don't know who)dropped a card off on my porch with 1 apple. that was my dinner that night. that was all anyone in the ward did for me. the person who delivered the lesson about my lack of faith lived 2 doors down from me. she knew everything that was going on and didn't so much as offer to walk my dog.
t3_1foo17-t1_cacglt0-cacic96	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.678	when i was about 13, i had a hard lump in my right armpit.  after several mra and cat scans, it was determined i had a small, benign tumor in my lymphatic system, along with an excess of breast tissue.  the doctors said it wasn't dangerous, just uncomfortable.  surgery to remove it would, in the end, be more likely hazardous to my health because of the finely inter-weaved lymphatic system.  after 11 years, and random yes consistent pain in my right breast, i have been contemplating the idea that they were wrong, and there might be something worse going on there.  this post makes me really consider going back to get that checked out.
t3_41wwas-t1_cz740io-cz744hg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, if a doc sliced up nerves and it wasn't part of the expected outcome it would be malpractice.  i asked about lymph nodes because i had a friend who went through breast cancer and had lost multiple family members to it.  i jokingly commented on having a double mastectomy as a precaution and she said the cancer then would start in the chest wall if the boobs weren't there.  yikes!
t3_2q6xpo-t3_2q6xpo-cn3hrpd	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8005	my nmom insults me in such a way that she can deny it later, or say it was a joke. if i'm upset it's because i am too sensitive. i had breast cancer and had a bilateral mastectomy and then had reconstructive surgery. i was big breasted before the cancer and decided that i wanted smaller breasts when i got reconstruction. she insulted me from the time i started the reconstruction. before you get implants you get tissue expanders which they inject with saline once a week to stretch your skin and it hurts like hell. i told her i was hoping to be about a b cup and she had to tell me that it was too small and when she used to visit and i had a tighter fitting shirt on she used to comment on how small my breasts were. finally i had enough and i called her on it, her excuse was that she was saying those things to make sure i was happy with the decision i made so i wouldn't regret my choice in the future. and then she said i was being too sensitive! she's a monster.
t3_16qqml-t3_16qqml-c7ygpqz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last time we checked, evo(the largest fighting game tournament) was holding a donation drive for breast cancer research to see which game would be their 8th game.  the standings were released, fighting is magic was in 1st place with 3500 and melee in 2nd place with 1400 last sunday. http://shoryuken.com/2013/01/13/evo-2013-donation-drive-standings-and-rule-update/  however, with fighting is magic still in the works, they decided to give it an exhibition tournament instead and use the 2nd place game(melee) as the 8th tournament.   so some melee smashers decided to use their 4th podcast episode as a fundraiser towards the donation drive for the 8th game at evo. they were planning to triple match any dollar donated up to 1000, for a combined total of 4000 raised, not expecting it to surpass that amount.  and especially not expecting it to skyrocket to the 5-digit range!!! 13000!!! https://www.wepay.com/donations/evo2013-ssbm  so fim has been left in the dust, currently only at 4300.  https://www.wepay.com/donations/evo2013-mlp  while i am very happy and proud of the money we were able to raise for breast cancer, i was also so excited to see our game be exhibited to the world with a top 8 stream while melee would also make it as an evo event! (sorry for the double speak, i'm a brony and a smasher!) so we gotta get back to first place! arm the friendship cannon! fire the bits-blaster!
t3_1buiep-t1_c9a6pia-c9a6t91	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5927	bringing up the possibility to someone with a mysterious medical problem that it could be cancer and/or result in the loss of a very personal piece of anatomy  is a "positive contribution"?  how would you feel if you posted about a pain that remained mysterious after medical tests and some guy posted back not to worry, because he had a friend with breast cancer, she had a mastectomy,  got a special bra to cover it up and she adjusted quite well?
t3_18qaz6-t3_18qaz6-c8h1ofq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	horse meat is produced (in the case of the recent scandal) not from healthy horses raised to be eaten. but with old sick and diseased horses often still full of antibiotics and other chemical medicines. they are not safe for human consumption unless they are raised for that purpose.   this is the same reason it is dangerous to eat city pigeons even thought they are a delicious animal with a large breast bearing fine meat, they are full of horrible chemicals and diseases because they scavenge almost anything, from human feces to eraser nubs even whole lighters have been found inside them. to eat a pigeon you must capture it and feed it bay leaves or similar for weeks until it is "cleaned out" enough to be safe to eat.  horses are fragile, and caring for them often involves a wide variety of medicines which have been shown to be dangerous and toxic to humans. in my own experience we have had horses seem ill, so we shoot them up and isolate them and keep an eye on em, then they don't get better, so we call the vet who comes out and finds they have cancer, so we send them to "the glue factory" where they are supposed to be turned into dog food and other products. been hearing accounts of such animals being ground up, tumors and all in the recent horse meat scandal. so you are not just eating a horse filled with medicine, but also whatever made it sick enough to need that medicine in the first place. mmmmm today's special, "filet of tumor in bute sauce".
t3_1x7x3y-t3_1x7x3y-cf9buny	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; "i had breast cancer. i speak from the heart when i tell you i wish it upon no one. not a single person".  someone who clearly can't understand the difference between "i want someone else to have cancer" and "i wish i had a different kind of cancer to the one i've already got".  i find it sad that anyone should criticise a campaign to raise awareness about a disease.  particularly if those people are themselves cancer victims who have previously benefitted from publicity and fund raising campaigns like this.
t3_2msngg-t3_2msngg-cm8ghfq	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	came here to...i dunno..vent..beg for answers..feel sorry for myself...maybe all of the above...a small back story....i was diagnosed with breast cancer a little over a month ago...had a lumpectomy 2 weeks ago and just got all the results back today. i have stage 3 cancer...the worst kind...and 4 outta the 7 lymph nodes they removed had cancer in them. so chemo it is. the doc says my prognosis is risky....what is that exactly? they were successful in removing all of the tumour but the cells are still in me? i just want some good news...no bullshit....just some kinda silver lining that lets me stay with my kids. something that won't make me hideous to my husband. where is this strength and positivity that i supposedly need to have to fight this? i am in wayyy over my head.
t3_3hrugz-t3_3hrugz-cu9zydb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	things i always have with me:  * nalgene water bottle, the kids drink out of the straw part with a valve.  because backwash in a water bottle is gross. * 64gb usb3 flash drive, tbh it's a pain in the rear... it detects as a hard drive instead of a removable disk.  if it weren't so darn fast i'd throw it out. * keys, with a breast cancer awareness clip * altoids * lapel pin, this one is tomorrowland... but i have several to choose from * fitbit zip * leather notebook, which is my wallet/calendar/notebook * various badges * leatherman ps multitool (no knife, tsa-friendly) * zebralight sc52 l2 * lamy safari with an ef nib and wash-resistant blue-black ink * noodlers ahab with flex nib and navy blue ink  things i sometimes do not have with me, such as when i am traveling:  * s&amp;w pocket knife with a crappy blade * sog eod multitool, i especially like the v-cutter * browning hi-power, the best handgun ever made.
t3_4y24az-t3_4y24az-d6kbm4v	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my wife (since 1977) had surgery/chemo in 2000 for breast cancer and it recurred in 2010 so again surgery/chemo/radiation.  she is passed now but dealing with it to me was just taking it as it came, both good and bad, and trusting myself to know what to do when i had to deal with it.
t3_1sjzl8-t1_cdye8ck-cdyw6ft	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it may not be cancer, it may be. it may not be breast cancer, it may be. it may be a metastatic tumor from cancer somewhere else in your body and your survival is unlikely, it may not be. go get some fucking answers from a doctor. all my past clients had cancer. trust me, it's an awful thing. especially if you wait.
t3_1yphl2-t1_cfmot5q-cfmsi7f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	with family history of prostate cancer and/or breast cancer, it is a good idea to be proactive.  if biopsy comes back positive, you can continue to be monitored without treatment with psa and additional biopsies if necessary, active monitoring.  you might just want to know what your gleason score is now if you do have cancer.  it might be important to treat now.  i have lots of published papers on this.
t3_1f9x5y-t3_1f9x5y-ca89ur2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	nancy reagan accurately called it "the long goodbye."  why not take an opportunity to raise even more awareness for alzheimer's disease?   we need to find a cure.  the following letter was written by former president ronald reagan in 1994 to inform the american public of his recent alzheimer’s disease diagnosis and has been edited to fit the word count allotted.    i have recently been told that i am one of the millions of americans who will be afflicted with alzheimer's disease.    upon learning this news, nancy and i had to decide whether as private citizens we would keep this a private matter or whether we would make this news known in a public way.    in the past, nancy suffered from breast cancer and i had cancer surgeries. we found through our open disclosures we were able to raise public awareness. we were happy that as a result many more people underwent testing. they were treated in early stages and able to return to normal, healthy lives.    so now we feel it is important to share it with you. in opening our hearts, we hope this might promote greater awareness of this condition. perhaps it will encourage a clear understanding of the individuals and families who are affected by it.    unfortunately, as alzheimer's disease progresses, the family often bears a heavy burden. i only wish there was some way i could spare nancy from this painful experience. when the time comes, i am confident that with your help she will face it with faith and courage.    in closing, let me thank you, the american people, for giving me the great honor of allowing me to serve as your president.     i now begin the journey that will lead me into the sunset of my life. i know that for america there will always be a bright dawn ahead.    thank you, my friends.   sincerely,   ronald reagan
t3_31c4ff-t1_cq0hivk-cq0k4zr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6133	i agree with what you say, the system is fucked up.  i'm a woman, i have a great doctor whom i trust implicitly.  i had a lump in my breast area that was suspect, and, thinking nothing of it (since he's my doctor) i came in and took off my top and padded bra to show him.  the poor man turned beet red and said, "you can't do that" had to open the door to call a female nurse in the room for him to do the exam.  and he's a top cancer specialist at a top hospital in a major city.   i was embarrassed for him and for me. &amp;nbsp;  of *course* i trusted him.  he's my fricken doctor!  if i didn't trust him (and i'm 48, i've had cancer, i've been through all kinds of nasty medical procedures) *i wouldn't be his patient in the first place*!  &amp;nbsp;  i felt awful and apologized,  got the lump examined and biopsied (thank god it was benign). but, how awful for male medical professionals! i mean, let's use some common sense here people!  i've refused procedures by female practitioners: a doctor who wanted to dismiss me with an active mrsa infection; a nurse who was taking 45 minutes to get an iv in; i asked for another nurse, etc.  i'm a veteran of the cancer wards: if you're a patient, speak up for your rights, but don't be an ass. &amp;nbsp;  tl;dr: stories like yours make me mad. we need caring medical professionals like you, and wasting personnel time because women are going to cry rape for tv exams (and i've had them done, i know what it entails) is just another added cost on our already overstretched medical system of care.  i ask you, do men get to have a male nurse in the room for testicular exams or rectal exams done by women?  hrumph. &amp;nbsp;  /rant on i also want to add something about a wonderful male nurse i had when i first got cancer at the age of 22.  i'd had a full exploratory surgery done and a liver resection.  i had been in the hospital for a month on iv fluids and i was just being weaned back onto food.  i was on high dosages of morphine.  needless to say, i couldn't poop.  i needed someone who could manually help me out.   &amp;nbsp;  back in those days, there was a nurse who was fabulous. he had been a hell's angel, had been in a horrific bike crash and the docs wanted to amputate his arm, but his biker mama refused to let them.  he built himself up through physical therapy, and decided after all his time in hospital, to become a nurse.  he *knew* what it was like to spend a lot of time in the hospital as a patient.  &amp;nbsp;  let me tell you, that guy was the best nurse i ever had at any hospital!  he always knew when the pain meds were running low, just how to prop the pillows, just how to help me walk with all the tubes sticking out of me, yup, how to lubricate the gloves and get the angle right to get the poop out---he even brought me the grateful dead's *american beauty* on a walkman (yes, it was that long ago) to listen to through the long sleepless nights of pain.  (and you know, that album sounds one hell of a lot more profound when i'm taking morphine...but i digress.) &amp;nbsp;  anyway, to the point: i finally was able to poop on my own, and i remember the night that i rang and he helped me out of bed and over to the commode.  i was a skinny as a starved rat, had tubes sticking out of every orifice imaginable, including some that hadn't been created by god, so to speak, had no hair, my teeth were black, i was shaking, felt like shit, and was constantly referred to by the doctors on grand rounds as "the liver in bed 9." &amp;nbsp;  this great nurse, after getting me comfortably seated, and making sure i wouldn't fall, cracked me a smile and a wink and said, "i'll just pull the curtain 'cause, 'ya know, you're a woman and i'm a man and who knows what might happen." :)  that recognition of me as a human being, a person, a woman, as someone who might possibly survive, made me laugh and brought tears to my eyes.  i knew i was perfectly safe.  he knew he was perfectly safe.  he was being kind, and restoring that humanity to me that all the rest of the hospitalization and procedures had taken away. &amp;nbsp;  i hope to god that that man is still practicing nursing.  he is an angel, and i will never forget that kind gesture, and how much it meant to me as a person.  i hope to god he never runs into a...(i would say 'cunt' but i believe the women described in this article lack the depth, the warmth, and the softness, to even warrant so kind an epithet) *woman* who undercuts him, the way that you describe your fellow professional as being undercut. /rant off
t3_yxgxa-t1_c5zqoqb-c5zvhyk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5081	&amp;#3232;\_&amp;#3232;  i once told a teacher that i liked her hair. it was wicked curly, and imo it looked really good on her. she told me "yeah, i went totally bald after all the chemo treatments..." i had totally forgotten she had breast cancer. "when it grows back, it goes really curly."  "oh, well, it still looks really good on you!" (trying to push the point that cancer or not, her hair looked good that way)  "yeah. i guess cancer will do that to you." she kept saying variations of this in a snotty way. like fuck you bitch, i understand that you have cancer, and you have as much empathy as i can muster b/c i know it's painful, and hard, and whatever, but i'm trying to give you a compliment! just because people don't know every aspect of your life doesn't mean they don't mean the best when they say things.
t3_d8380-t3_d8380-c0y9466	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm not sure what kind she had (i know it was in the ducts), but my mother in law just kicked breast cancers ass. she's a very tough woman and decided to take chemo and radiation one right after the other (i guess she had the option of either doing that or waiting a month b/w treatments). i believe she did 4 months of chemo and another 3-4 of radiation, one treatment either weekly or biweekly. i'm not positive if those are the right durations but it was something like that.     she was ok (read: not throwing up) as long as she was sitting and resting. she rarely rested though so she was throwing up a lot. she would also get ravenously hungry from the treatment.    she began losing her hair about a month or so into treatment but had a blast finding fun hats. i even painted a 4 leaf clover on her head for st. patrick's day.     it was tough, but she got through it with flying colors and just had her final check up at the beginning of the summer. she's free and clear so far and looks as healthy as she ever has. :)    i'd say, just make sure your mom doesn't have to do all the house cleaning, cooking, etc. and make sure she has a comfortable place to relax after treatment. my brother in law ended up getting her netflix for the weekends when she didn't work. she hasn't gotten rid of it she likes it so much.     hang in there! i hope you and your family are able to breeze through this. breast cancer is very treatable these days and so many women beat it.     another thing that helped us all cope a bit was doing a relay for life event after she was done with treatment. seeing the shear number of survivors *just in our area* was amazing.     please keep us updated if you'd like. i'd love to hear progress on your mother and how you're handling it.
t3_25jt07-t1_chi4z6w-chifm1s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have gender dysphoria most strongly related to my breasts. long story short they sometimes make me suicidal.  however, on the cancer topic, once i have them removed my risk of breast cancer is basically zero! so bonus points to me, considering the family history. dual purpose boob removal.
t3_cpcdl-t3_cpcdl-c0u8v8f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8082	we met in high school at 15, i fell in love at first site. she dumped her jerk boyfriend several months later. started dating when we were 16. knew we were going to get married when we were 17. did the long distance relationship deal in college, she finished college early so we could be back together sooner. got married when we were 22, have two kids and a dog, been through several jobs and cities, a bout of breast cancer and we are still together and going strong. we don't fight, she makes me laugh, and i love her just as much now as when i first saw her (more i guess).
t3_11yii2-t1_c6qv2y6-c6qvqtr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that is brilliant.  the aforementioned grandma thelma only had one tit due to a partial mastectomy in the late 60's. she used to keep a fake one in her bra that had sand in it and if you got sassy she would whip it out and throw it at your head.
t3_pbyg1-t1_c3o5qir-c3o99as	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	how exactly does one prevent breast cancer?  detect it early, sure.  eating well, not smoking and exercising will help prevent a lot of cancers and maybe breast cancer is one of them but (having done zero research on the matter) my gut tells me that it's not.  it seems they have no idea what causes it except in the cases of strong family history.  so.... if you know something i don't please say so and i will do whatever i have to in order to prevent breast cancer!  (if not... well then i totally agree with the criticism that spending money trying to prevent it is a waste).
t3_2rjb4c-t3_2rjb4c-cngwm1w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	dannystandrews, i just finished reading your blog entries and feel moved to say, "you are my hero!"  not to get too personal, but you have faced a daunting diagnosis with courage and action, and what you wrote, and what you are now doing, will be a source of great support to others dealing with a similar (or different) diagnosis.  i had an easier cancer - early-stage breast cancer, fifteen years ago - but every cancer is fearsome.  i wish you health and happiness.  thank you for writing what you did.
t3_4btx5t-t3_4btx5t-d1d5hg5	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	fyi a mastectomy still leaves 10-15% of breast tissue and you can still get breast cancer- is it worth it with that risk remaining?  i have breast cancer and opted for a lumpectomy as the masectomy is such a major surgery.
t3_10nslt-t3_10nslt-c6fjte4	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i just wanted to let u know i don't know what my cofi girl's breed is, beside a bundle of love:) she was found 4 years ago in a dumpster in houston and moved to denver with me a little over a year ago :) for those that asked about my cancer, i'm starting the nsabp b49, a phase iii clinical trial comparing the combination of docetaxel plus cyclophosphamide to anthracycline-based chemotherapy regimens for women with node-positive or high-risk node-negative, her2-negative breast cancer as soon as my double mastectomy wounds heal:) thanks for all the concern!
t3_1oulvt-t3_1oulvt-ccvv62u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	on that note, why is breast cancer the main focus of all the fundraising and attention? there are hundreds of other types of cancers, so why focus so much on one? furthermore, why doesn't prostate cancer get the same treatment? why can't pink be the colour for all cancer support, not just breast cancer?   edit: if anyone could explain to me my new flair, that would be great.  edit2: i have nothing against breast cancer, i hate all cancers equally.
t3_3i4i47-t1_cujgowk-culcqwk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; i watched the entire two and half hour footage, with the transcript, raw, the day it was released, so please keep your brazen assumptions to your fucking self.  and if you watched the entire footage and didn't see the wild edits, i'm afraid you're beyond my ability to help you. either your bias has truly blinded you to reason, or you simply never cared about whether pp was doing anything illegal to begin with and you only care about stopping abortions.  &gt; the fact was, after the pro-choice community demanded they release the full dinner unedited, in which they did so immediately mind you  and obviously hoped no one would watch them, because it instantly debunks their edited short version and several news organizations have pointed that out. only people with an anti-abortion agenda are citing them as any sort of proof of wrongdoing. i take it you missed the news that the videos are so manipulated that they have no evidentiary value in a legal context and cannot be relied upon for any official inquiries.  &gt;i was expecting it to be boring and dragging on, the entire dinner was a disgrace. talking merrily, eating, drinking wine, it was absolutely repugnant.  you find a merry tone, eating and drinking wine during dinner to be a disgrace? then apparently all my friends and family have been doing dinners wrong all our lives, lol. i'd hate to imagine dinner parties at your house.  &gt; yet, the pro-choice movement states, "it wasn't bad" knowing full and well no one would waste their time with an 8 minute video, why would they bother with a 3 hour one.  lol what? i'll remind you it was the anti-abortion movement that released the edited up 8 minute video, and the pro-choice movement that pushed for the three hour video to see the context. and you're going to claim no one in the pro choice side then watched it? man, that's some funny logic coming from you.  &gt;so you go out and admit to watching the whole thing and think the same?   well once again, unlike you, i'm not horrified by watching people eat or drink. i thought it was pretty boring, a lot of medical/business talk and nothing illegal being revealed.  &gt;you are an atrocious human being and should be disgusted with yourself!  why exactly? lol  &gt; for all of the sensationalized, selective propaganda we see from the media, rarely do you see a full version of a video that is just as shocking as the abridged one.   you have to be utterly desperate or flat out lying to claim the full version was just as shocking. yeah, pretty sure you didn't see it.  &gt;yet, even after that happened, still the pro-choice movement was not appeased, complaining then about this and that. i found it just unbelievably ironic.  you didn't see it, just admit it. or just admit your beef with abortions is the main issue here rather than the videos.  &gt; there is a reason they don't get a cent for abortion  because anti abortion fanatics threw a tantrum and passed the hyde amendment?  &gt;and everyone who "stands by planned parenthood" doesn't give a shit about all the good things they do.  lol. your sheer ignorance of pp supporters is honestly amusing.  &gt;they support them for providing abortions and let them hide behind the guise of providing "women's health."  abortion is part of women's health, whether you like it or not.  &gt; it's deceitful, it's cowardly, and moreover it facilitates terminating unborn babies and merely substantiates it as being another proponent to the 'helping women everywhere' movement.  it always makes me laugh when your side tries to call mine "deceitful" when lying such a huge chunk of your argument - like deceiving the irs with a fake organization, falsely portraying representatives from a medical company, making edited, out of context videos for shock value, you push long debunked studies about abortion causing breast cancer or depression, make doctors state bs to their patients or do unnecessary procedures in an attempt to scare women away, set up fake medical clinics with the express intent of lying to and deceiving women, etc.   and once again, it is people like you that are the cowards, threatening medical staff and patients with death threats, even showing up at schools to intimidate the children of doctors. our doctors face death threats and go to work with bulletproof vests on even though a terrorist from your side could try and murder them at any minute. that's the opposite of cowardly.  &gt; you are an ignorant hypocrite  nope honey, that's you.  &gt;you are oblivious to the world around you  nope, that's you again.  &gt;and you care nothing about the other "women's health" services they provide, people can get that absolutely anywhere and you know it.   lol "absolutely anywhere." oh sweetie, i envy your naivety.   &gt;you care about them performing abortions and that's it.  lol, once again you're talking about yourself. you're a hoot.
t3_4g3145-t1_d2ej628-d2erb7t	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6866	my fiancés mother and sister both discovered lumps on their breasts. both went to their gp and within a few days went to a specialist, a week later the results come back. both were diagnosed with breast cancer. treatment was started almost immediately after consultation  with specialists around options to treat with surgery booked and completed within a week or two of that. there are little to no waiting times for serious cases such as cancer etc.  her sister had chemo/radiotherapy, surgery to remove her lymph nodes and continuing check ups and visits with her consultant throughout the whole process including physiotherapy etc and support across the entire time from diagnosis to being given the all clear and still has regular checks, mammograms etc to this day.  her mother had a mastectomy including reconstruction at the same time, ongoing consultation and excellent follow up care including regular home visits from nurses to check the healing process and consultant visits to see how it was going, they arranged physio again for her mother which helped with recovery.  don't forget all the medicines required for this and the different specialists involved.  total cost for this = £0  so wind your neck in mate, yeh "america is great blah blah blah something something freedom" but let's be honest, your healthcare system is shit. i don't know anyone in this country bankrupted or pushed into debt just to literally survive an illness.  the nhs isn't perfect by any stretch of the imagination, but i'd much rather have that than privatisation any day of the week.
t3_1xg72u-t1_cfbm3tz-cfceymp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't have medical, dental, vision, or drug benefits (for another 29 days) either, but if i had an infection like that, i'd take my happy ass down to the e.r. doc and get it looked at.  what would you do if you had no medical anything, at all, and you were in her shoes? would you go to the doc?  edit: how would you get a mastectomy without medical anyway? either way, she got the procedure whether she had medical or not and still refused to get it checked out. she's retarded.
t3_35ybbb-t1_cr92p97-cr9aoz0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5202	to add - please don't think you're too young for certain types of cancer. i was diagnosed with breast cancer 2 weeks after my 24th birthday. 1 year earlier, i had seen a doctor about my lump as i was worried it may be cancerous, he said 100% it is not cancer, you're far too young. i sure showed him. :-/
t3_1mp699-t3_1mp699-ccbodsk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5105	i don't know if it qualifies as a fetish but i'm an ardent lover of big natural breasts.  i always assumed it had to do with my mother having had breast cancer and a mastectomy and reconstructive surgery right as i was going through puberty.  it seems obvious that this would have created and reinforced certain associations in my mind.  she survived and years later it returned but she's doing very well, thank god.
t3_4cf0pa-t1_d1hrxbv-d1hvj6a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	define regular. a lot of things have yearly check ups i've seen. so after age 40 i have to get a breast cancer check, prostate, pancreas? seems like a lot to remember and do each year.
t3_3a1twt-t3_3a1twt-cs8h0qx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8048	treatment for breast cancer now is better than it's ever been. it sounds like you caught it early, which means your odds of survival are very, very good.  don't be afraid to start treatment. your family and friends will be there for you.  for now, do whatever you need to do to cope.
t3_nc8e3-t1_c37xxyr-c37xybd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	with the prostate cancer - isn't it frustrating that a lot of the time with hypochondria you are convinced you have something that requires awkward invasive embarrassing tests?  i thought i had breast cancer and really didn't need to doc and ultrasound person poking around, made me feel really awkward.
t3_2v5hro-t1_cof40aa-cof46h6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i called my derm and she said otclo was also fine. plus, i have a major family history of breast cancer (which my gyno probably knows), so i think the less estrogen, the merrier...
t3_3vji75-t3_3vji75-cxoesp7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last night i had my worst, i had a dream i was diagnosed with incurable breast cancer,  also to note i am a guy, i don't know if guys can get breast cancer but anyway... i was told i had a month to live, i didn't know what to do, i was frantically trying to get in touch with relatives but no one would return my calls,  i told my mum and dad, they didn't care, i told my siblings and they told me to leave them alone, and then suddenly the time came where i had to die,  i was alone,  on a bed with no one by my side as my breaths became shorter and shorter and much slower.   and then i woke up and cried,  fair to say i was happy that it didn't happen
t3_1qjuet-t3_1qjuet-cddnxgm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i was in law class two years ago and i was browsing reddit on my phone. i was in the back of the classroom and the teacher was going over some review stuff so i was half listening. all of a sudden she said, "i need to tell you guys something important. i was diagnosed with breast cancer last week and in having surgery soon." right as she said that i read something funny on reddit and laughed out loud. mind you, it was very quiet in the classroom because of her news. i'm fairly certain she didn't hear it, but a bunch of other students looked at me like i was the world's biggest douchebag.  tl;dr law teacher said they had breast cancer, i read something funny on reddit and laughed at the exact same time.
t3_1sw14e-t1_ce25mqp-ce26rgp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6158	that is really good to know because some liver thing or other has been elevated "slightly" on my blood work for the past year and a half. thank you. i mean i still would have asked my doctor but it would be scary if i didn't, right? i had breast cancer so my body has been basically just doing a kind of game of "hey! you know what would really suck? let's do it. ha,ha no really. you have no say in this at all." last month it picked, "ovary? you don't need no stinking ovary. let's ditch it."
t3_1l2cy2-t1_cbv6e4n-cbv77j2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just had to rewrite the whole shit, sorry.   &gt; i was best friends with his best friend's little brother. &gt;  &gt; you see, i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time, so my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 because he had lost a parent and knew what it was like. &gt;  &gt; at first i didn't want to, because i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didn't want to speak to anyone new... but my friend kept pushing me, so i finally gave up and that very night i went online to aim and started talking to him. &gt;  &gt; within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and actually told him so. he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him, asking if i still loved him and i said "yes, of course!". well, he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks! &gt;  &gt; he came back on one day and spoke to me again... i gave him my phone number so he could call me and we talked for a while. &gt;  &gt; he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before. as you can imagine, i was heart broken. the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world for myself and dressed like a scrub. i wore the baggiest clothes i had, i didnt even brush my hair. after school my friend came to talk to me, he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school, he told me to hurry, so we finally went out. my friend pointed at the street and i saw a little red car pull up and thereaper84 got out of the car! i was shocked that he actually came in the end, and he said that he just wanted to surprise me. as i said, on that day i looked horrible, but he said i looked fine. we talked for a while that day. two weeks after meeting me, he asked me out and after almost a year he asked me to marry him... of course i said yes! :d
t3_2krr48-t1_cloaio2-clofams	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6502	to illistrate this benefit, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer about five years ago. she was covered for private healthcare with her employer, but opted to have her treatment on the nhs. this is because for some large-scale public health problems like cancer, the national system offers a far more comprehensive treatment than a private, profit making enterprise.   she may have had to share a ward on the (rare) occasion that she was kept in overnight, and the food and decor may have been worse, and she may have had to wait longer, but she had a team of 22 specialists, and three consultants (senior doctors), including an oncologist and a plastic surgeon.   ultimately, the only thing she went private for was the wig, because that is classed as 'cosmetic' so her private insurer gave more options.  imo the balance and the choice work well, and the two sectors are in many ways complimentary.
t3_y6u83-t3_y6u83-c5suf0c	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7464	i had to share. i've always wanted pink hair. the blurry blonde girl in the picture is my good friend that cuts my hair and whenever we joke about what color should i go this time my daughter always says pink. sara's response is always, when momma has a rock band and her own cover, we'll discuss it.   i was diagnosed with breast cancer this past month and that trumps rock band so pink it it. i have about 2 more weeks of hair left before it is anticipated to fall out from the chemo so we had some fun with it. bunch of friends got together and i went from [blonde to pink](http://imgur.com/4k5za) i had done blonde right after diagnosis as i knew i had a golden opportunity to mess with my hair, typically i'm more towards the red end of the spectrum.   sadly, not enough to donate and we couldn't find an organization that would take less than 10 inches that wasn't dyed but a lot of fun was had.
t3_1j1zt3-t1_cbaaxa0-cbaczgm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	greg,  i feel your pain. if i could find all these shills and charge them with treason, it'd be done.  it's huge greg. it's not just monsanto, and its not just reddit, pretty much any effort that derails the train that is destroying the food and water supply or destroying liberties, is attacked. these banks and corporations acting as the parasite they're, must weaken the host and convince the host that he is necessary. this is why government systems are highjacked, money rules this [plutocracy - according to citigroup](http://cryptome.org/0005/rich-pander.pdf)  misinformation artist such as the shill present here, are non-stop tirelessly working, very active on any communication that is not already ruled by the news media and education system, to discredit real science and facts and substitute it with the phony shit they've been ramming through the government and legislation and into the minds of the generally ignorant, in which those individuals regurgitate it to the masses that swarm and control the majority of the vote and influence that ends up depriving the great minority of people who have some wits.  virtually every government, corporate, angle, article, study that is released is done so with the intent to blur the reality of the situation. in reality even our trusted doctors fall victim to the hollow facade we call government regulation: take this [ted talk for example, most studies are skewed and twisted by the medical journals](http://www.ted.com/talks/ben_goldacre_what_doctors_don_t_know_about_the_drugs_they_prescribe.html) (by not publishing negative results) or outright fraud where the study was designed for a certain outcome, like rgbh which was a artificial growth hormone, since banned, because it was the only hormone humans and cows shared that caused breast cancer to grow, and breast too, as it was absorbed by the human body, when so many of monsantos studies accepted by the fda, failed to realize this. the makers of agent orange, a chemical companies, in the food business.  to get on with with, contaminating the food supply is just another part of the whole corporate story. debt is the tool, as shown in the bible, that is used to control the people or kings or kingdoms, and turn them into slaves.  **proverbs chapter 22 verse 7: the rich rule over the poor and the borrower is slave *or servant* to the lender.**  there's only two ways to lose you home, land, livelihood. debt and war. the american government, as it flees the rule of kings and the persecution of direct taxes, created the federal government for two things. to protect the people from war, and to protect their property from debt.  the gents in reds coats were nothing more than debt collectors collecting the debt for the tea in the harbor.  our forefathers had a cleaver way of dealing with them. they shot them.  the americans defeated the longest ruling army/kingdom in recent history for over 300 years the british nobles invested heavily and sent the army whenever they had a problem with the local government as they were taking the riches of the land and paying no taxes thanks to parliament.  the americans gave away 160 acres parcels to any british soldier who could prove they abandoned their army, and in the end, the british didn't have an army that could collect the debt from americans. so instead, they did it the good old fashioned way. they introduced the bank of england in the u.s. just a few decades after the countries inception.  money is the root of all evil.  [learn more about how debt and banks ran almost every war, and taken over almost every government.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=muywmmwtcfm)
t3_fclyf-t1_c1f1qn7-c1f2u81	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6147	i'm not sure my mom ever talked to other reconstruction patients - they probably ruled it out before she got that far - but i think it would be really helpful! especially to see what the real results of the muscle loss will be, since she has to help out with your dad. there are a lot of online communities specifically for breast cancer survivors/patients, and if she wants to talk to people anonymously that might be a good solution!  i'm not sure if her doctor brought this up, but i know it is possible to get just one breast removed and not get reconstruction at all -- there are bras you can buy that will hold a prosthetic on one side. but that's a very personal choice too because no matter how good the prosthetic looks, you are still unbalanced when you're not wearing your clothes.  however, my current boss had one breast removed and had reconstruction (she told me this story when my mom was going through it) - she had tissue removed from her back, rather than her stomach. in her case she is extremely happy with it - she is even wearing low-cut blouses now. she says she can't tell any differences in muscle strength or anything else except the scar on her back. but she is not very active, just yoga classes pretty much.  best wishes to you and your mom!
t3_4gws50-t1_d2lv3gz-d2lx03f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow, good luck! other people i have met who had it always had a really difficult time getting diagnosed.   i actually diagnosed myself, because i had only one symptom, an incredibly rare but textbook one: pain in my shoulders with alcohol consumption. anytime i took a few sips of anything alcoholic - wine, beer, booze - i immediately got a pain in my shoulders that would last for 20-60 minutes, didn't matter how little or much i drank. i was 23, and i had it for a few months in which the pain got worse and worse, and after one evening where i couldn't even hold my purse on my shoulder i googled it. i had to look hard on the internet to figure it out because it is so rare (it comes before all of those other more common symptoms like you had), but you know when people say that web md will just tell you you have cancer? well, it did, and i did. took the info to my doctor who thought i was nuts, and after blood work that didn't show anything, an inconclusive x-ray, i finally convinced her to order a ct scan and sure enough boom there it was, a mass right under my breast bone between my lungs the size of a damn egg. it gave me a lot of strength going into the process knowing i was able to be so intuitive about my body. my oncologist at massachusetts general hospital said in his 35 years at the head of the lymphoma department, i was the first person he had ever met who diagnosed themselves with hl.   anyway, i wish you the absolute best in your journey. in reality, hl is quite curable, which was very encouraging to me. a friend i met after the experience had it stage 4b, and i was stage 1a, and it took us the same amount and time of chemo to eradicate it. also it's very cool in that if it doesn't come back in 5 years, it never comes back! i have less than a year to go until i am officially cancer free!
t3_1qu6is-t1_cdgmyjz-cdgt6na	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5123	actually really similar to me and my sister.  the old man was in ceausescu's private army during mandatory military service back while communist romania was still kicking and hes got a mangled up hand and is deaf in his right ear, but hes actually really cool and cares a lot once you look past how strict and mean he is, and i dont think i've ever seen him drink. he always works his hardest all the time forever around the house and as a vet, and hell probably keep going until he dies or is forced out of work. one of my sisters boyfriends compared him to liam neeson from taken once, and he is basically a crazy death machine with a handgun or rifle, though hes pretty bad with a shotgun. the first time i fired a gun i forced him to take me to the local range, where we rent a decked out 1911 and grabbed a box of .45s, a gun hes never even heard of with a caliber hes never seen, he then loads three rounds into the magazine, chambers the top round, and then fires them all in less than a second through the same hole. fucking bananas. besides that hes really nice and only cares about my well being and future.  whereas my mom appears little and frail, and shes always got this ridiculous urban homogenized mom facade on, but deep down she is the most evil/drunk creature i have ever had the misfortune of meeting. she would abuse both of us in the same way you described, she even actively tried to ruin my sisters life back when she really started to get successful, and shes also threatened me with a knife because i kept getting cs in elementary school. its a little sick, but the day she told us she was diagnosed with breast cancer back in spring of 09 was one of the best days of my life. but recovering from chemo and hanging out with people form gildas club have turned her from a creature born from unfiltered malice to just some fucking entitled brat, she just acts like a child all the time and spends her whole life out organizing parties with her fake ass friends. whenever we get mad at her for doing stupid shit  she starts spurting fake man hating feminist bullshit and crying and yelling and breaking things until she wins. i really hate that thing, and have very clearly communicated with her that she has lost the right to call me her son. now she tries to make up for it by acting all fake and happy, while buying me things in the hopes itll make me forget the shit she has done. also i've nearly died several times when she was behind the wheel, and she still gets mad when i refuse to get in the frankenvan with her, even while shes plastered drunk.
t3_1r5du9-t1_cdkbb75-cdkf4mt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	exactly. how, exactly, are you supposed to choose someone's sex for insurance purposes?   legally, i have nothing left labeling me male. my company enrolled me in my insurance as female. my drivers license, passport, social security info, and my birth certificate all say female on them.   medically, i have a body much more similar to cis females than cis males. i have breasts which can get breast cancer. i have a vagina that can get various infections. i lack a uterus and ovaries, but i also lack a penis and testicles. i have a prostate that after years of hormones is so small that it no longer poses any long-term cancer risk.   as such, medically and legally, it makes more sense to consider me female, rather than male. at various points in my life, i'll need access to treatments that are gender-specific to females. when i reach a certain age, i'll need mammograms just like any other woman. if i were classified as male by insurance, this might be hard to get.   so if medically i'm female, it's pretty absurd to claim that me taking hormones has anything to do with "sex transformation" as my insurance calls it. if i decided to transition back to male and wanted to get on t, well then that would be for gender transition purposes. but after a certain length of time in transition, you have completed the process and are now the opposite sex. any treatments you receive as a member of that sex have nothing to do with gender transition.
t3_2o7no6-t3_2o7no6-cmki9n8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5926	i have a genetic susceptibility to breast cancer and other reproductive abnormalities.  we found out because my aunt (who had her initial fight with breast cancer in her early 30's) had genetic testing done and it showed a couple of different abnormalities.  shortly thereafter, i was diagnosed with pcos (also linked to one of the mutations).  long story short, i had to start getting mammograms at the age of 21.  i just have to go through lots of preventative care and deal with the pain since the treatment for pcos increases my already high risk of breast cancer.  it provides more emotional stress than anything.
t3_ka76w-t1_c2iobbf-c2irxaq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7683	i literally just got engaged this afternoon **yay!!!** but my mom on the phone just said "oh, ok. make sure it doesn't conflict with tax season." she then posted on my facebook that i was going to fail quals because the wedding would conflict. thanks for your trust in my time management skills? ugh. my mom had a double mastectomy and since they cut everything out they didn't have to give her chemo or anything.  i already talked to my fiance's mom and she said she would love to help as much as needed. she only had 3 sons so i'm sure she's brimming with excitement to help me (although she's sad it was necessary).  luckily my fiance and i will essentially have to live in california for work and she's in texas, so we won't have to worry about that. i'm infertile, so we're planning to start the adoption process once we get to california.
t3_24oog3-t1_ch9bhej-ch9ca9v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	people make it sound so easy, but being raise with this engrained realm of ignorance, manipulation and purely utilitarian interaction it is terribly difficult to overcome.  when people talk of family i find it very hard to relate, cousin this and aunt that a grandparent another thing. it means virtually nothing to me. i find myself not entirely grasping and needing reasoning as to why and how i should care for these people. almost a "how does it benefit me" type of way but not quite. upon reflection i conquer that impulse, but it's tricky in the first wave of thought.  my grandmother had a successful mastectomy due to cancer quite suddenly recently. we were never close growing up due to the family conditioning of my father, but still i knew her to some degree. i feel nothing over the matter. my girlfriend heard out the story and even talked to my mother about it all and feels i'm not really processing anything poorly and am just generically distant with my grandmother, but i feel so empty for feeling nothing over the event. it just has no weight to me.  i desire and aspire to be so much better and deeper than this.
t3_111gux-t1_c6im1ky-c6imaj9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	definitely. i really liked all of it.  i especially liked that it was recorded at largo. it's very intimate and you can really hear the audience finding their way (figuring out that she wasn't joking right out of the gate, etc.)  and then that moment where they just sort of gave her an "audience hug." i have to say that i had one of those laughing/crying moments right there. it was all just so real. my mom has lung/pancreatic cancer (not the worst kind). the radiation on her "gut" gave her a horrible case of c-diff so i know what going on there and i have another friend who has stage 4 breast cancer and is waaay too young for that shit. but, yeah, i like the bee joke. you are right. it was a great ending. tldr: cancer sucks. i liked the bee joke too.
t3_qegj8-t3_qegj8-c3wyad7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5994	i am going to guess that your father in-law did not have the where with all to deal with such frightening news about his daughter, and that his reaction and words were born from pure terror and emotion.  i do not know what type of cancer your wife has, and i sincerely hope the best for her, and that she can get the best medical care available, and that the prognosis is good.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer about 1.5 years ago.  the survival rate for those with breast cancer is relatively high.  however, many people i thought were good friends or close family, disappeared.  the diagnosis of cancer, especially at first, conjures up images of a difficult and drawn out death.  a lot of people cannot deal with those type of emotions, especially in someone young.  people say and do stupid things out of fear, not to hurt the person suffering.    your father in law looked at his daughter, and was probably devastated by the  idea that he might out live his daughter, a thought no parent ever wants to deal with.  he was grasping for straws, and trying to "make a deal".  i'm sure he meant no harm to your wife.  i bet your wife understands his fear, and will forgive him.  i hope your wife's family will also understand your emotions and your need to protect your wife, and apologize to both you and your wife.  good luck with the emotional roller coaster this diagnosis and treatment brings.  my experience; put down any pride, and start asking for help from anyone that is willing.  do all the research you can on her type of cancer.  visit several oncologists and pick the one you are most comfortable with.  much love.
t3_2fchfs-t1_ck8128z-ck8pjks	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;while we didn't part amicably all those years ago, we did reconnect as friends before she died, and i was able to forgive and forget what happened to us, so i think we were both good.  its been almost a year since i've seen my ex and held her and kissed her. we ended a year and a half ago and she cut me out of her life 5 months ago... this honesty scares me because i will always love the woman she was/ thought she was, i wanted to spend my life with her, and just knowing that she is more than likely going to get breast cancer makes me feel horrible. i mean her mother and grandmother both had it, and while they both survived, you never know if and when my she will get it, and if she does what stage it will be, if the prognosis will be good. i hope that one day she reaches out to me and we can be reconnect before that happens because even if we aren't together/ never will be together again, i know i will be crushed if the worst happened to her.
t3_4z0smm-t3_4z0smm-d6rw6rm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	normally this would be an offensive suggestion, because most people want to be attractive to someone for who they are rather than what they look like, but you're very specifically looking for the opposite so i'll put it out there.   you should create profiles on fetish dating sites.   i don't know of any particular ones you should try because i'm not in that community myself, but i know it exists, and you've mentioned it in your post as well. you say you don't have time to hunt for a hot (or hot enough) guy with a double mastectomy fetish or whatever, but maybe they're looking for you. either way, you can create the profile and leave it for six months, see what happens.   if you get a hit and it's a guy you'd like to sleep with, you can discuss it with your husband, as he seems pretty open to the idea of opening your relationship for this reason. since you're only looking for a physical thrill, for a man to touch you with genuine desire rather than for whatever reasons you and your husband are physical with each other, it could be a decent solution.  it might not be a fast one, and realistically it's only going to work for you and not for your husband (as slightly attractive women have many more options than equivalent or uglier men, as i'm sure you recognise) but it's a start.  i'm honestly trying to help, and this is the only thing i came up with outside of take up meditation and try to learn to accept what you may not ever experience.  good luck op, you and your husband sound like decent people. i hope something good comes your way soon.
t3_4bs1c0-t1_d1cczps-d1cnlu9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7934	do you remember where you read that? i'm curious because it's been my impression that breast cancer is one of the rare instances where more aggressive cancers have less of a weight connection. that's due to the most aggressive cancers being estrogen negative. body fat feeds estrogen so estrogen positive cancers are more likely to be connected to weight, but estrogen positive is less aggressive in general so it had a better prognosis. i have a strong family history and had breast cancer myself. my mom is the only obese survivor i know and she had the wimpiest type of it than anyone i know.
t3_4bjzxo-t3_4bjzxo-d1ajo87	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7575	alt account because...  contracted necrotizing fasciitis aka flesh-eating disease   had half of my chest removed leaving me axilla-less, lost half my lymph nodes in my left pectoral area, and my left arm almost got amputated at the shoulder, it was literally grey with a radial pulse of 5bpm for a few days. luckily i didn't lose it, but lost a lot of range of motion in my left arm, and needed months and months of painful therapy. my arm swelled to the size of a balloon, luckily my body was able to re-route all the fluid, and my arm is normal sized today. i needed a lat-flap to cover my exposed subclavian vein, the type of reconstructive surgery breast cancer survivors have, and i needed a skin graft. (1/10 do not recommend) i have no feeling in the back of my arm, and i look like a shark took a bite out of my midsection, but i'm happy to be alive. this gave me a passion though, a passion to become a surgeon, to try and give back to the people who saved my life. to anyone who works in the medical field, or who wants to; thank you. thank you for helping people like me, and i aspire to be like you, and am working hard to get there, however long it takes.
t3_1l2cy2-t1_cbv65nu-cbv6dhp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8347	i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol and i would have to say the one thing that is my favorite about him is that he keeps going everyday he doesnt let anything stop him yes he has his moments where he is down in the dumps but we all have that moment but he keeps fighting for everything he doesnt quit
t3_3n9vad-t3_3n9vad-cvnh8mk	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iiia grade 3 triple negative breast cancer earlier this year, and i just turned 30. i went through tests, biopsies, and i am currently still going through really aggressive chemo treatments. i got told at the start of august that it had progressed to stage iv, spread into my lymph system and that i'm looking at around 6 months left at best, so this christmas will be my last. i had ignored the signs at first, out of fear mostly. i think back now and wonder if i had seen to it earlier i might have a better chance now.  i've been playing the game since 1.0 alpha access, and for a long time it kept me sane to focus on the game and keep my head in check. my friends in game stood by me, but its been really hard on them. then the time came to start my treatment. unfortunately i had complications with my initial chemotherapy. allergies caused my skin to rupture with boils and i ended up with septicemia, and the resulting fever caused seizures, a coma, and my heart to stop. i was dead for several minutes before they brought me back, and that left me with brain damage that affected my co-ordination, motor skills and my ability to speak properly. playing the game during recovery was difficult, but the focus was helping my brain heal and reconnect the pathways it had lost. i'm still not fantastic and some damage is permanent, and unfortunately it forced me to have to give up raiding, but the game and the people i've met on cerberus saved me from losing all hope.  the following chemotherapy left me with severe neuropathy in my hands. it makes my hands send constant pain signals to my brain even though i'm not injured. this is effectively temporary until a few months after chemo stops, but it won't wear off before my time is up. because of this i'm unable to play the game at all, or even do much of anything. it saddens me to have to leave my friends behind. they've been the backbone of my life since i began playing, but circumstances have forced me to have to let my sub run out and i try and keep in contact with them as much as i can. i won't get to meet any of them in person like i had originally planned (my raid group is closer to a family than just a simple group of gamers) but right now i'm focusing on trying to make it into the new year and celebrate with them online if i do.  why am i saying all of this? story time i suppose, and to help awareness. but mostly to say that before i told anyone, i used to go along and beat this fate every time i knew it was up. i can't beat the fate myself anymore, so i had to say something to say i'm happy that people still are.  get yourselves checked. don't be like me. don't be ignorant, or stubborn, or embarrassed; just get yourself checked or it might be too late.
t3_13zsov-t3_13zsov-c78ssv8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	depends on a lot of factors, but i'm in the same boat in a way. breast cancer runs in my family (mother hasn't gotten it... yet?). i've heard different reports where like you start at 40 or 50, but i've always been told by my mother (she does mammograms as well as being an x-ray technician) start at around 35 if you want although it may not be be the best since younger breasts are more dense and harder to read in the mammogram picture. since your mother had/has it at 50, it may be okay to do it at 35. maybe even head down to the x-ray/mammogram area in your local hospital and ask for their opinions if they're available?
t3_2qvxyn-t3_2qvxyn-cna2umf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i guess the two i can think about... -i have scoliosis, ama -my mom had breast cancer while i was in high school, and my grandmother and aunt have also had it, ama  can't really think of much, nor do i know if either of those is very interesting.
t3_2vu729-t1_col4ucu-colttx6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6635	dude, i had a friend in high school who told me she had brain cancer and i actually felt bad for her and fell for the story. after graduation she made it seem like she had surgery and everything, telling everyone she was in a hospital in a state far away and stuff. i came to find out a week ago that she was actually in a psychiatric facility for some kind of personality disorder and she's been lying to garner sympathy for no reason. and the worst part is, my mom was just diagnosed with breast cancer and is going through a lot, so to hear someone lying about going through surgery and chemo and stuff for attention really pisses me off because they don't know how awful it is. and, when i told her my mom had cancer, she just said "that sucks" and proceeded to say how she was just diagnosed with depression and anorexia the day before and verbally attacked me claiming that it was all my fault because i had "low self esteem" and it rubbed off on her causing anorexia and in effect, depression. needless to say, she is no longer my friend.(sorry for the rant)
t3_2t4owf-t3_2t4owf-cnvp5f3	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5009	getting married in a few months after dating for 5 years.  it might sound retarded to some, but i knew about 2 weeks after we started dating.  my mom passed away from breast cancer in 2009, 2 weeks after my fiance's and my first date. we barely knew each other really.  but we were talking non stop since our first date.  texting, phone calls, a couple other dates / dinners over those 2 weeks.  she got a call from me canceling some plans that we had made and i explained to her that my mom had gone into hospice.    but she would still check in on me, see how i'm doing.  shoot me well thought messages and thoughts.  those first couple months were very hard for me, my mom and i were very close.  but she was patient, she gave me my space when i needed it.  she was always there for me if i needed a shoulder to cry on.  about a year and a half later i graduated college and had to move back home which was about an hour away from her house.  she would drive to my dad's house after work and leave early to make it to work the next day.  i would also go to her house once a week as well.  so for about a year we did this, seeing each other 2 times a week, sometimes more sometimes less.   then we moved in together for another year and a half and this past april just closed on our house.  but it was that time in the beginning when i knew i couldn't let this one go.  we are truly best friends.  she gets my stupid humor (dad-joke level) and i put up with her shit.  she's the project manager of the relationship, and i'm the one that is very laid back so we keep each other in check.  she makes sure i get my shit done, and i make sure she remembers to take breaks in life and have fun.  here's a picture from us right after we got engaged. http://i.imgur.com/gwyilbe.png   **tl:dr** mom passed away 2 weeks after our first date.  she was an amazing person to help me through that tough time and we are getting married in a few months.
t3_qk7ms-t1_c3y834j-c3y8wy8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	this is 100% accurate from my experience.  the year before i proposed to my wife, my would-be mother-in-law was diagnosed with breast cancer. after she had a double mastectomy, the doctors found that there were signs that a little may have spread to her lymph nodes. after another surgery, it appeared that nearly all of the cancer had been cleaned out, but her doctor recommended light chemo to be absolutely sure that it would be all gone.  the chemotherapy was only supposed to be four light doses, but they changed it somewhere down the line to eight normal doses. during the time she was undergoing chemo, she was essentially confined to her room and miserably ill. i was living at her house at the time because i had just moved down to that area for a new job. i can't even tell you how hard it was to watch her go through the suffering that chemo entails.  about six sessions into her chemo, with her white blood cell count being pretty much nil, she caught some sort of bug and developed pneumonia. we all rushed her to the hospital, and they kept her there on antibiotics and a breathing assist for a few days. while she was in the hospital, her condition worsened. with no immune system to fight back, any kind of surgical options were negated by her weakened state. eventually she would be put into an induced coma and placed on a breathing machine.  after being in this condition in the hospital for about four weeks (iirc), her lungs failed completely and she passed away at the age of 54.  ever since that happened, me and my wife both have a much different view of chemotherapy. it should be an absolute last resort for treatment. if your doctor recommends it, get a second and third opinion to be sure that it's absolutely necessary. while you're undergoing chemo, you are legitimately in mortal danger the entire time.  it was hard to recall those events in writing, but hopefully this insight proves useful to you, op.
t3_2r0i37-t1_cnbfvy1-cnbkngt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.664	&gt;&gt; i have a few problems with injecting "science" into a conversation of this sort.  &gt;yup, "science". just gonna stop right there. i am sure you know more about this topic that people's who spend their lives professionally studying this.  i actually didn't address the point at hand,  rather i addressed the manner and tone of your post. the "you don't know as much as the experts" is another way of saying "you aren't qualified to questioned the dogma the anointed have set forth". it's stupid on its face to anyone who is thinking critically rather than arguing a predetermined "correct" answer. einstein said something along the lines of "if you can't explain it to a 6 year old,  you don't understand it". so either explain it, or don't post).    &gt;&gt; rather than making any point your self  &gt;why would i do that? i am not scientist in the appropriate field. my personal opinion would never be worth more than theirs.  see my previous comment.   &gt;when i cook, i look at what professional chefs do. because i do not have as much experience as them.  see my previous comment (again).   &gt;when i try to fix my car, i have a mechanic look at it for good measure, or ask them what to do in the first place.  your constant re-analogizing only shows that you haven't understood my point and my comment about explain or stop should suffice. however, maybe you aren't quick on the uptake (i find frequently this is the case with people who quickly turn to ad hominem attacks).  do you think that all mechanics are trustworthy? do you assume that the fixes they recommend are correct in every instance? has there never been a mechanic incorrect in his or her diagnosis? do they never fix things that might not need to be fixed in order to serve some other purpose?    &gt;i also don't do my own medical diagnoses, i leave that up to my doctor.  ever heard the term second opinion? it's a constant refrain that one should be their own advocate when it comes to medicine. why? because doctors are human beings? i have a friend with breast cancer who had a lumpectomy. on her follow up mammogram the doctor present said there was no need for a second kind of test that because the mammogram was clear. she raised the point that the type of cancer she had didn't always show up on just mammogram,  and after consulting with her oncologist the present dr agreed. i had a medical issue recently which has several treatments. i asked why my surgeon wanted to do one over the other even though it had a lower success rate. guess what, he answered the question!  because he knows his shit!   you on the other hand want to treat experts like they are fucking high priests. like people should be ashamed for asking questions   &gt;what a stupid fucking view point you retard.  lol  &gt;&gt;i strongly doubt that the study of spanking children and its impact is settled science at this point.  &gt;your doubt is based on ignorance.   &gt;there is no evidence, from any study, over the course of the last four decades indicating that spanking even slightly helps.  &gt;zero.  &gt;none.  &gt;zilch.  &gt;one position has evidence and fits reality, the other does not.  you say at some point that you aren't an expert,  but you feel qualified to make this assertion,  which is it? the rest of your diatribe isn't worth responding to. if you can't be prevailed upon to pay attention to what's actually being said in favor of your emotional out bursting with what i have said so far,  you aren't worth the effort.    &gt;your paranoia, ignorance, and fantastical what-if's doubting the professional opinion of scientists who have spent far more time researching this topic than you is not an excuse -- nor does it change reality.  &gt;it just makes you fucking stupid.
t3_1syg4c-t3_1syg4c-ce2n1se	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5268	i am a single mom with 4 kids and 2 granddaughters and what you are doing is amazing. i totally believe in paying it forward and taught my children to do the same. christmas was hard for me growing up with alcoholic parents so we didn't have many traditions. but my cousins would take me, my brothers and my sister to downtown and see all the christmas lights and then stop at dunkin donuts for hot cocoa and donuts. i did that with my children when they were little. some years we couldn't but i would make sure we had cocoa and i would make donuts.   the tradition i started with my children was picking an angel off the salvation army tree and having them pick a gift for that special angel. my children would give up a gift so that someone who has less than even we did would have something to open on christmas morning.   that has been the hardest thing for me. i have not been able to do the angels since 2009. i was diagnosed with breast cancer and spent that christmas fighting for my life. unfortunately the medical bills still haven't gone away but my doctors have been amazing and have been working with me for the past four years.   my only wish this year is that we could do the angels again. my children are older and i am lucky. they know that there won't be anything from me under the christmas tree this year and they are okay with that. i bought a house that i hope to retire in and then live behind so my children will always have a home.   thank you for your remarkable gift. i am sure your chosen families will greatly appreciate it. and thank you for allowing me to share our traditions. i love life and my family and if i can pass anything down to my children is the hope they realize there is so much more joy in giving than receiving.
t3_1jvspl-t1_cbjgawz-cbjlmqe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know perfectly well what visceral means. my question is totally legit. you don't think people be should be "celebrating" something that is, what i would amount to, an issue of free speech because of your emotional connection to the content.  i have to wonder, would you have had the same reaction if it was about brain cancer and the bracelets said "i love braaaaains" - in order to pick up on the humor of zombies while "raising awareness" (i put "raising awareness" in quotations because that is the stated intent of the bracelets, but i don't know that i believe it is a legitimate  purpose for the campaign).  i understand where they are coming from with the campaign, i don't think it is successful in what they want it to accomplish, but i am not offended by it. boobies is meant to be a silly word, it is clearly not meant to demean or sexualize breast cancer. there are babies onesies with the exact same phrase on them.   granted breast cancer is something that i have always been aware of in my family as my grandmother was afflicted with it twice in her lifetime, once before i was born, and then again in my early twenties when it eventually spread and took her life. i have a specific "cancer" policy supplemental insurance plan because i am aware of what could run in my family.  the campaign is clearly meant to make something that is tragic easier to talk about with young people. it seems immature, because it is. it seems unsuccessful, because it is. but you're inferring intent that isn't there.
t3_1t2bod-t3_1t2bod-ce3nh9z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	while reading this i was sad and felt for op. when i got to the line, "my youngest daughter, still asks when mommy is going to come back," it killed me. my mother passed away from breast cancer 10 years ago. fortunately my siblings and i were older 20, 16, 12 but it made us much closer with our dad. he was always the distant hard working guy before, your typical gruff and tough dad, so we did most things with her and she cared for us. he really softened up and took an interest in our lives afterward and is a completely different guy from what i grew up with. be there for your kids op, they'll need all you can give and then some now. it sounds like you're a loving husband and father but they'll need you 100x more now. i'm sorry you all have to go through this. its hard and will probably get harder before it gets better but you will make it through. it took me years before i was better and i still have moments where i break down a little.
t3_29i51f-t1_cil5rg6-cil8jhs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	while the borg do tend to "upgrade" various body parts by removing them, including limbs, eyeballs, and even parts of the brain (the left half of seven's head was artificial, including a prosthetic eye, skull, and even parts of her brain), curiously a mastectomy is not on this list. would it not be more efficient to strip away useless tissue?  the borg do appear to grow new drones in maturation chambers, so this implies they do require sexual organs of the species they have assimilated to produce new drones. however, breasts are not required, as any and all nutrition for new drones can be replicated on demand.  the queen herself was almost entirely artificial. it appears that only her brain, heart, and lungs were still biological. nearly everything else about her had been replaced. this is about the bare minimum required to keep a humanoid brain alive. the question is, why did the borg keep the rest of the tissue? there was no reason for her to even have a humanoid form in the first place. a brain, heart, and lungs in a jar, all contained in some sort of monstrously powerful artificial body would have done the job just fine, and it may have been more efficient. does a borg really need a face? why? to conduct diplomacy with? i thought resistance was futile.
t3_3tgd29-t3_3tgd29-cx5y7e5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not a doctor, but have studied sleep extensively.  it sounds to me like your circadian rhythm is off. your brain does not know when to synthesize and create melatonin. melatonin is a hormone that does amazing things: it makes us sleepy, and it fights cancer, among other things.  150 years ago it would be dark long before 2am, and our brain would juice up the melatonin. now we have man-made lighting, and it throws off a bunch of us. the ama recently linked light with restrained melatonin production - and have linked that with increased cancer risk. breast and prostate cancers, for example. greatest risks:  bright light and light waves in the blue spectrum  a couple of quick thoughts: 1) how dark is your room?  2) how bright is it that last hour or two before going to sleep? 3) you might try different lights, avoiding blue spectrum lights. 4) an hour or two before turning out the lights wear orange- or amber-tinted glasses. they will block blue spectrum lighting, which otherwise messes with circadian rhythms. another tip: try running a fan in your room. do not point it at you, but use it to circulate the air and to make white noise. works for me.  best o' luck!
t3_2iy6b9-t1_cl6wzat-cl9ci55	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5054	thank you for this. you put a smile on my face today. i don't envy anybody struggling with cancer treatment, but you kind of nailed it here. i have a friend with both breast cancer and bipolar disorder. she's been through all kinds of surgery, but she still insists that it's nothing compared to bipolar disorder. i'm not sure that i would feel the same way if i was in her shoes, but it's an eye opener for sure. i also don't feel like people understand how life threatening having a mental illness is. or how much of an impact it can have on daily life.
t3_2ytl6a-t3_2ytl6a-cpd5in0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mammograms.   they are a little pinchy and awkward but they are not anywhere near as terrible as people make them out to be. and they save lives.  source: i have breast cancer
t3_1w282b-t1_cey42n8-ceyew6b	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	when my mom was diagnosed with stage 3b breast cancer she kept getting calls from friends with stupid solutions.   take a lot of vitamin c don't do chemo  switch to a totally organic vegan diet much healthier than chemo.   start drinking wheat grass and using essential oils on your breasts and it will clear right up.   do acupuncture and meditate as often as you can,  cancer is a state of mind.   everyone suddenly becomes an expert in a disease they've never had. my mom was so advanced in her cancer they gave her the strongest chemo,  nearly died twice,  and even then the doctors had to use experimental treatments. i doubt a little wheat grass and yoga would fix that.
t3_2eq5ov-t3_2eq5ov-ck2j1a8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	at the bottom of [this link](http://www.projecttaney.org/superstitionsandghoststories.html) there are some sources (books) listed.  reading some of the stories on that link, it was odd to see how many ozarkers had deceased family members who appeared to them. i've never *seen* a ghost, but 10 years ago when i had a breast cancer scare, i fell on the bed weeping and then suddenly felt - i instantly knew it was her - my mother's hand stroke the back of my neck. it sobered me at once. i felt her hand as though it was real, and it never happened again.   my son used to see ghosts when he was pre-puberty, but not since. he didn't like it.
t3_3g7313-t3_3g7313-ctvizqz	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7465	this cancer stuff is so difficult to follow. i'm still learning myself. i have ductal breast cancer that originated in the breast. i was told that if my breast cancer cells spread it can cause metastatic breast cancer. they said it would then be stage iv breast cancer. good luck to your friend and you as her support.
t3_1q0arx-t3_1q0arx-cd8absv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6601	i'm so sorry. i'm in a similar situation.   in early october my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer and recently we found out it was in both breasts and will require a double mastectomy.  her surgery is scheduled nov. 21 which is about a month before baby's due date, but now i've been labeled high risk since i went into labor this past weekend and it had to be stopped. i fear the same thing, that my mom won't be able to be present for the birth of her first grandchild.  i know it sucks, but when you're around her try to keep positive. i'm sure she feels bad about you dealing with something else while you're so pregnant.   your emotions are very valid - it's such a shitty situation. so cry, but try to focus on sharing your pregnancy with her as much as you can. don't mourn her while you still have her. and pm me if you ever want to vent. &lt;3
t3_4z0smm-t3_4z0smm-d6sltwe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you know this might be extremely off-base and inappropriate but attractiveness is wildly correlated with the amount of money one has. not in a gold-digger way but rather in the quality of attractiveness one can achieve. from the head to the toes, what do you do to take care of yourself? your husband? i think i was born quite plain and average looking, however things i want to do/am doing/have done that have made me feel better are tremendously helpful. granted some are ridiculously expensive but it works. some ideas from head to toe:  feet: get a pedicure. all of the rough skin will be smooth and beautiful. clean toes and trimmed, painted nails will improve them immensely. there are a lot of treatments as well for certain foot issues. cheap and can be done once monthly. wear ankle bracelets and toe rings/jewelry to enhance the feet. wax or laser remove any toe hair. buy cute shoes to wear as well and also buy insoles in order to increase comfort for certain less comfortable things. use anti stain and smell-good treatments to eliminate bad odors from shoes/feet. burn those thick white work socks and wear cute ankle socks from now on.  legs: wax, shave often, and/or laser hair removal. full leg laser hair treatments take quite some time but over time it will make it so there is never any hair growing and it's super smooth. shaving with hq razors and cream and then setting it with witch hazel will leave smooth, razor burn free legs. exercise to fix those calf muscles, get rid of cellulite, and give you strong, sexy legs. buy cute stockings or outfits which enhance the appearance of your legs.  bum: squats x100. get a personal trainer to help you try and increase overall fitness but with proper advice about your shape as you can't just kind of "selectively exercise" body parts. start wearing cute lingerie to make your bum seem cuter when naked too. remove intimate hair with frequent waxing or razor burn free shaving. perhaps even try bleaching or something wild to improve your feelings about this area.   tummy/back/body: exercises to stay in shape, perhaps a belly button ring and cute outfits to slim the tummy. solid diet as well. try fake tanning (healthier than real tanning) and use sunscreen often, try lotions and smelly-good products that reduce aging and make your skin soft, smooth and fruity. get frequent massages to improve overall happiness. moisturize often. wax and remove other body hair or use laser treatments. get moles removed and learn to love freckles and imperfections. look into scar removal and/or tattoo over it. try improving your posture to enhance the booty and overall leave you looking healthier. cosmetic surgery is pricey and risky but successfully done can change people's appearances dramatically and in a way that restores confidence.  breasts: again, reconstructive cosmetic surgery. nipple tattooing. cute bras/lingerie to enhance them. learning to love them and improving posture/muscles will also assist in helping you feel more confident.  face: moisturizer. anti-aging creams. botox. cosmetic surgery (rhinoplasty and lip injections completely change faces.) a lot of people here are anti-surgery but you know from what i've seen in your responses this is one of the few things that you might really benefit from and actually be receptive to. it's risky, you can get injured, hurt, infections, even die, or have a poor job. but if it's successful you'll be so much happier. full facial hair removal (eyebrow/lip threading, waxing, laser, etc.), eyebrow shaping. eye lifting. makeup. masks. etc.  hair: go to a stylist and try more treatments for growing it post-chemotherapy. buy tons of wigs and style them differently to your liking. shave everything bald and try to go for it with newfound confidence and bravery.   teeth: braces, veneers, whitening, etc. will be mildly but reasonably expensive and probably change the overall look of your whole face. i have braces and my life has improved immensely just having nice teeth and a smile that i can honestly be proud of.   again, this might be controversial as many people seem opposed to a lot of cosmetic enhancing surgeries and beauty regimes but there's a reason they exist and that many people do it: there's demand. if you want to feel more attractive and more attracted to your so without leaving hubby or opening the relationship and you feel you've tried all the mental things and drugs to enhance it, then this might be an option for you. i rec checking out certain controversial shows like extreme makeover, the swan, bridalplasty and let me in (korean) to see some of the dramatic success stories. again, keep in mind this all has risks and is not for everyone, but you asked "what would you do if you were me?" and you know what? i'd probably do some, if not all of this, if i was truly that desperate and had the money/support from hubby and friends. just keep in mind if you do go down this route that it's probably good to speak with a therapist, sort of similar to when people do gender reassignment surgeries, in order to be sure that you're of sound mind and won't have any mental side effects if everything physical goes well.  other than that, from what i've seen everyone else has given great advice. please try to listen to the less risky and more self-loving posts before even considering some of the surgeries and extreme forms of modification, but perhaps the less dramatic stuff, such as shaving, the less controversial but dramatic stuff, such as breast reconstructive surgery for cancer survivors and braces, might help a lot in improving the overall quality of life. hope you find your happiness op
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czrcg0z	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i began chemo almost five years ago. i didn't realize until having cancer, that my hair would fall out after the first round; meaning hair loss wasn't proportionate to how long your treatment was or how many rounds you'd have.   my hair began to fall out in increasingly large clumps. daily, i was pulling out increasingly large handfuls until one day i was resembling the witch on robin hood. (this was about two weeks after my initial round.) i figured i was better off shaving it all, which i did just prior to my second round.   i bought a wig. totally unnecessary and completely a personal decision. i just wanted some normalcy. i had just divorced and was single and young (33.) my wig was incredible. no one believed it wasn't my hair!   at any rate, my hair now is a few inches above my waist. my hair is a little thinner (it was obnoxiously thick to begin with, so that's okay) but the change in my hair is due to the chemo. in other words, the changes to your hair are cellular and not impacted by if/when you shave but rather by the aggressive process of eradicating the cancer. i'm posting a pic of me now. (i wish i had one that better showed the length but whatevs 😊)   message me if i can help anymore   tl;dr i had breast cancer and underwent chemo. i suggest shaving your head once you feel your hair loss is enough of a discomfort/inconvenience to do so. shaving won't impact the rate at which your hair grows back. your genes, treatment, and nutrition will (per my oncologist)   ps the actual process of losing your hair is uncomfortable and even physically painful for some. this is something i didn't know. :(  http://i.imgur.com/mebjfpr.jpg http://i.imgur.com/vjlxl63.jpg
t3_rqcpl-t3_rqcpl-c47tebs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6616	my mother died of breast cancer when i was young, and it shook me to my core, and it affected my younger brother even more. the only reason we got through it was because my dad would talk to us about it and we had deep and meaningful discussions about my mum and her death. my advise would be to not let it become a taboo subject, thats when your boys will start feeling alone in their pain.  another thing with children is that bereavement can take a very long time to set in, and for me it came as a huge shock 4 months down the line. be ready for that too. i wish you nothing but the best :)
t3_22nkou-t1_cgp2kdi-cgp509k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	how do you know you are allergic to antibiotics if you never took a pill in your life?  let me use an ear infection as an example.  they hurt - a lot.  if you go to the doctor, he'll want to make you better.  since the infection is the source of your pain, he will try to cure it.  he'll prescribe an antibiotic.  that's how it works these days.  when i was little, all i ever got was dimetapp, robitussin and tylenol.  the ear infection healed itself, as my body eventually fought it and won.  the key was controlling my pain in the meantime and reducing any fluid build up.  some combination of the above drugs would do that.  but, if the doctor gave me absolutely nothing but a sticker and a lolli-pop, the end result would have been the same - no more ear infection.  a homeopathic mixture is not curing your infection.  you are curing it all by yourself.  the next time, just try a natural solution.  if it is in the ear, use an ear candle to keep fluids down so the pain is dramatically less.  if it is a skin infection, leave it alone until it bursts on its own, but use molasses if you want to help it along.  if you get a cut, put honey on it.  people often confuse natural cures with homeopathic treatments.  generally, very generally, the body will heal itself of most ailments.  obviously, you don't want to ignore a lump in your breast or balls, but even then, there are many documented cases of terminal patients that go into spontaneous full remission.  no one knows exactly why, but the cancer just turns itself off and the body eliminates the waste left behind.
t3_pzmv5-t3_pzmv5-c3thwgm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	some bad movies i just dismiss as trash and forget about completely.  but there's just so much gloriously wrong with this movie that it absolutely demands repeated viewing.  why were they playing football wearing tuxedos?  why mention breast cancer if you're never going to bring it up again?  and the delicious dialogue:  "stick it in your pocket" and "you're tearing me apart," all delivered with that vaguely eastern european accent that the actor/director refuses to acknowledge.  this is, hands down, one of the best bad movies i've ever seen.
t3_2nm06c-t3_2nm06c-cmevsgv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm a genetically healthy woman capable of attraction to other women, so as long as everyone retained their knowledge and just turned into identical twins of me, and the sperm in worldwide sperm banks remained diverse and useable, the world would be alright. we'd have to expand fertility programs worldwide by a lot and would go through an ageing population crisis (logistically we cant inseminate enough people to maintain the population).  it'd eliminate race issues (though we'd have sperm of all races so could keep some level of diversity) and wipe out a lot of genetic disease. we'd need to watch out for breast cancer though. looking the same as everyone else would also make fighting a lot more emotionally and logistically difficult.  we'd need more sophisticated identification programs, as identity theft would be an enormous problem.  however, i'm white so sunscreen would become a very lucrative business, and i'm sure other adaptations (such as high oxygen affinity in high altitude populations) would be missed. i'm also pretty physically weak so all those manly jobs would need to be adapted.  there'd be rampant issues with body dysmorphia and a huge movement in fashion towards more individualistic styles (tattoos etc).   anyway, i'd totally bang me so i'd be happy enough.
t3_2i6l20-t1_ckzlvtf-ckznd5y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7607	which picture?  and thank you, there was a lot more leading up to the marriage and stuff (i was diagnosed with fibromyalgia and i had breast cancer fall 2012) but my husband was there for all of that so i didn't think it counted. when people ask "if you could change one thing in your past what is it" and honestly...nothing. because i 100% believe that the circumstances around some of the worst times in my life has led me here, to where i'm incredibly happy.
t3_1ean6n-t1_c9yhpit-c9ykipb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6793	oh, how i dislike seeing emotion ganging up on and burying rational conversation.  first of all, miloais has been talking about jolie's situation. the topic isn't "should queen_of_greendale be considered brave?" you're making jolie's plight your own and taking his words personally.  secondly, no one is saying a double mastectomy is easy, but it's not so much a choice as it is coping with a terrible situation when it's "slow, agonizing, premature death" in one hand and "elective surgery to save your life" in the other. yeah, *her* breasts will be gone, but i know two women who had an elective double mastectomy followed by plastic surgery and they're much happier with their new, natural boobs. not every woman will feel the same, but this isn't decades ago, when a mastectomy meant wearing special bras the rest of your life. the things surgeons can do these days are just incredible.  it's a legitimate question: why is she considered brave when the alternative is infinitely worse? jolie is young, famous, the mother of... four kids (?), fighting several humanitarian causes, and can afford the best medical and plastic surgery money can buy. she has a million reasons to do it and only one reason not to. it would be brave if she refused surgery .  worth the downvotes.
t3_47e7w7-t3_47e7w7-d0ccvdl	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6838	i had breast cancer last year and use cold caps to save my hair. part of the protocol during chemo was to skip all antiperspiramt. while there is no studies showing a link between breast cancer and antiperspirants, i still make my own.  1/4 cup corn starch, 1/4 cup baking soda, and coconut oil - just enough to get it mixed into a semi hard form. you can use old deoderant stick canisters if you don't like the scoop and apply method. it's the only deodorant only thing that works for me, besides arm and hammer.  there are some premade one on amazon if you look up natural deoderant.  i want to say one from australia called moogoo something is ones the other cold cap ladies talked about using. good luck!
t3_1r6edw-t1_cdk1p1e-cdk1v4q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	parents are allowed to have bad days/weeks/months. you never know the pressures of being a parents and you never appreciate your parent in that way until you have kids of your own. . maybe they cant pay the rent, the car is breaking down, their parent got bad news from the doctor. we all try our hardest to hold it all together for the sake of our kids. just do your best to help out and be understanding. he might come home and apologize. i had a friend that got in fight with her parents and then found out that her mom had been battling breast cancer for 3 months and didnt want to worry the kids. but youre right he might just be being a dick. none the less, hes always gonna be your dad and thi gs wont always be as the are right now. good luck.
t3_25iybk-t3_25iybk-chhq5z5	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've had this happen from when my doctor flipped from saying that i wouldn't need chemo post surgery (she wanted to keep my chemo options for later since i have triple negative metastatic breast cancer with limited choices) to we recommend a short course of chemo now to give you a longer time before the next recurrence.   i think that when doctors meet with their peers and discuss things, they often change their minds. it's like a sounding board where they discuss the pros and cons of each scenario. every case is different so their ideas will vary.   i don't think it's necessarily that your cancer is coming back. it was never gone to begin with. it probably didn't respond to the chemo as they expected so they're going to try something else.   i would be asking questions like: how many treatments what symptoms / side effects could i expect what types of results are we expecting if tumour doesn't respond, then what  radiation is tough because it's usually every day for several weeks and sometimes the machines go down so there is often a long wait. difficult to plan around if you're working. i liked to get scheduled first thing in the morning so there was less chance of delays.
t3_4xab5x-t3_4xab5x-d6nwulq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	callie, mark, lexie and izzie. callie because she is so kind and has a big heart and is always there for everyone. when denny died she was there cooking for izzie  (granted she was hoping george would notice), she was there for meredith during her drowning. when her and arizona split up in season 10 she had coffee ready for meredith and derek each morning, took zola to daycare while even though both meredith and derek were home with bailey, she would even pack meredith's breast milk for her before she left for work. she takes arizona back 3 times which let's face it she should not have even once. she made george visit izzie after one of her cancer surgeries because she knew they were best friends and izzie would need him. she made alex tell izzie when george died and even some what comforted her when dealing with the organ donations of him. she even temporarily broke up with penny after finding out she was one of derek's doctors, even then she still fought for her in the hospital when people were treating her unfairly. her biggest fault is that she jumps in to relationships too fast and is always all in.  mark because he was funny and charming and grew up during his short time on the show.  lexie because she was the quirky and fought for the relationships she really cared about.  izzie really only in the first two seasons when she was upbeat and did what she could to help people until she met callie and then she became a bitch
t3_2m7tpk-t3_2m7tpk-cm1sm3n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7362	i am going to get cancer? i have lost 2 aunts to breast cancer and my mom is fighting for her life with stage 4 ovarian cancer. am i doomed? genetic test results will be in next week.
t3_r19fn-t3_r19fn-c4231pj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7539	at 2012-03-17 14:41:43 utc, [crashmurphy](http://www.reddit.com/user/crashmurphy) replied to ["who is the kindest stranger you've ever met?"](http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/r0s73) [+470 points: +548, -78]:  &gt; i've told this story on here before, but it's relevant and it's been a while.  &gt;  &gt; about five years ago, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. my father and i went with her to her first radiation treatment and had to sit in the waiting room.  &gt;  &gt; across from us, there was this old man with a leather vest, giant cowboy hat, and boots sitting across from us just kind of staring at my dad and myself. he saw that i had noticed him and said to me "your mom's back there right?" i tell him he's correct and he just looks right at me and says, "she's going to be just fine, i know about these things and you have nothing to worry about." then he stood up and ambled out without another word. he wasn't even there with anyone.  &gt;  &gt; it gave me this weird comforting feeling and my mother's been cancer free for four years now.  &gt;  &gt; tl;dr my mother's guardian angel is an older biker type gentleman with a southern drawl. picture charlie daniels in a leather vest.   [screenshot](http://i.imgur.com/hply0.png)  &amp;nbsp;^this&amp;nbsp;comment&amp;nbsp;posted&amp;nbsp;by&amp;nbsp;a&amp;nbsp;bot&amp;nbsp;|&amp;nbsp;[report&amp;nbsp;an&amp;nbsp;error](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=srscreenshot&amp;subject=bug%20report&amp;message=%5bcomment%20thread%5d%28http%3a//www.reddit.com/r/shitredditsays/comments/r19fn/tldr_my_mothers_guardian_angel_is_an_older_biker/%29%0a%0aplease%20add%20any%20additional%20comments%20below.%0a%0a)  #history  * [2012-03-17 21:43:33 utc](http://i.imgur.com/hply0.png) [+470 points: +548, -78]  * [2012-03-17 22:14:37 utc](http://i.imgur.com/enk8j.png) [+492 points: +580, -88]  * [2012-03-17 22:45:19 utc](http://i.imgur.com/xejhu.png) [+514 points: +612, -98]  * [2012-03-17 23:45:42 utc](http://i.imgur.com/wnns2.png) [+549 points: +653, -104]  * [2012-03-18 01:17:24 utc](http://i.imgur.com/nuk6l.png) [+583 points: +698, -115]  * [2012-03-18 03:48:07 utc](http://i.imgur.com/lrgu5.png) [+642 points: +766, -124]  * [2012-03-18 07:49:02 utc](http://i.imgur.com/h1jlh.png) [+657 points: +791, -134]  * [2012-03-18 14:19:52 utc](http://i.imgur.com/3uj4o.png) [+670 points: +809, -139]  * [2012-03-19 00:50:23 utc](http://i.imgur.com/dk2fc.png) [+680 points: +817, -137]
t3_32v7li-t1_cqfc9s2-cqgndll	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it's well documented, then show me your well documented studies. otherwise, no it's not. at all. you guys make this shit up. you narrow minded little boys make this 'psychological' shit up all the time. i see it in every thread about breasts implants: everybody screams about how awful it's going to be and how the girl is mentally damaged, and fucked up and she's going to ruin her body. it's pathetic. these simple minded little boys are so bad at ever seeing someone in a different position than they're in.  meanwhile, they have absolutely nothing reason why they hate women who want to make themselves feel sexier in their own body.   for instance, my mom had a double mastectomy several years ago and she decided to get breast implants after the fact. was it because she was fucked mentally and wanted to "ruin her natural body"? no. but all you children can see is your own opinion. instead, why don't you just just somebody want to be themselves and feel sexy in their own skin. if they want new tits, who gives a shit? would you guys be this militant about the purity of the body if he wanted to get a tattoo that meant a lot to him?
t3_41fswn-t1_cz2d9n8-cz30u67	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i live in southern ontario, when i was diagnosed with breast cancer i had surgery within two weeks. i also had chemotherapy, two mri's, bone scan, cat scan and many prescriptions, including one that was $3,000 a round and i had four rounds. my care has been amazing and hasn't cost me my house. yay canada!
t3_2vmagl-t3_2vmagl-coiyn3y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was in the fifth grade, i was just learning what shaving was, and i was developing breasts. i was older than my bully. but she would make me hold up my arms at practice when i had forgotten to shave my armpits and make fun of me, and she would also try to convince everyone i had breast cancer because i had boobs.
t3_mawfs-t3_mawfs-c2zh3r3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8044	similar thing for us with the stimulus package.  spouse was laid off, no insurance except for cobra at $1400/month.  stimulus subsidized cobra so that our payment was only 30% of that, for 12-18 months.  absolutely the only way we could have insured our children.  at that time, i had a breast cancer scare and needed a biopsy and surgery - couldn't have paid for any of it.
t3_4zm1mc-t3_4zm1mc-d6zs34x	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer...i had noticed a thickening in the upper part of my breast that was tender to the touch. i had always been told that breast cancer tumors didn't hurt - but something inside me knew it wasn't normal. so for me, when i told it was malignant i was not surprised.
t3_16eaar-t3_16eaar-c7v7sx2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they talked on the news about the miss america contestant from washington dc who is preparing to have a double mastectomy this coming week.  not because she has cancer, but because her mother and aunt both did, also they said that her father urged her to have procedure, which is strange and somewhat wrong to me. her view is that she might have to do it one day if she gets cancer so might as well just do it now. also interviewed a lady that had a double mastectomy and hysterectomy both before she was even 30, said her husband was supportive of it, again she didnt have cancer, i don't believe she even had a family history of it, she simply had what doctors have identified as a "cancer gene".  i understand wanting to stay healthy and live a long full life but come on, this seems a step to far, and just one step shy of saying "i'm going to die one day so why not just put a bullet in my head now and get it over with"  tl:dr preventative measures and trying to live a healthy life is fine and dandy but removing perfectly healthy body parts and organs might be a step to far.
t3_1rpa2g-t3_1rpa2g-cdpi23o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6545	okay, so about three and a half months ago i nearly killed myself on my birthday. i had just turned 22, my girlfriend of five years was cheating on me and we broke up, and i was living in the middle of bumfuck nowhere in my parents house with nobody to talk to in the area. my mother had also just been diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer and that didn't help greatly.  what i did was this:  1-went to see the doctor, got on some antidepressants for a bit, this helped me to deal with what i was going through.  2-started hunting for flats in another city (where i went to university).  3-blew a paycheck on going out to spain and learning to skydive, something i'd been wanting to do for a while.  4-found a flatmate, moved into my new flat, got my own space again.  5-hooked up with the local skydiving clubs (again, the important thing isn't necessarily the activity, but finding groups of people who are into the same things as you) and restarted my social life.  now, some of this is going to be difficult for you whilst you're studying, but there's nothing to be gained from literally killing yourself over your academics. i used to get horribly depressed over my university work too, but having graduated and met all the people i've met over the last little while i can honestly say i'm happier than i've been in years.  there is always a way forward, if you don't think you have anything left to lose then you have nothing to lose by trying.
t3_1q301m-t3_1q301m-cd8nos6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7596	my 41 year old friend that i work with was diagnosed with breast cancer last month.  she never felt any lumps.  it was caught on a routine mammogram.  as a result, she had a bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction.  she had her surgery a couple of weeks ago and is doing great.  she is now off the heavy pain medications and has started to go out a bit.  thankfully, the cancer was caught early and she will not need chemotherapy.    there were 29 gift cards totaling $465.  it was a winner takes all drawing.  we secured over 600 hours of donated vacation hours and over $3,000 in cash.  the interest and the response was tremendous.  i was hoping i would be able to secure around $5,000 for her.  i never imagined it would be as popular as it was.    if anyone is looking for a unique idea to raffle off something for a fund raiser or whatever, i would highly recommend this.    (congratulations to a.p.!  enjoy the gift cards!!!)
t3_14jtfq-t3_14jtfq-c7dpn56	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow i'm truly sorry to hear that but my mom was in the same situation but it was in her breast which then spread to her lymph nodes under her left arm pit so from there the doctors were worried because lymph nodes are aligned through the whole body right next to all your veins so it had a very very high chance of spreading jut about anywhere but my mom chose to fight it not do chemo because with months of research my mom found out that chemo does more harm than good and can actually  strengthen and not even phase the cancer and i'm absolutely convinced whatever doctors tell you it's for what's going in their pocket at the end of the week and don't give a fuck what they prescribe to you and the side effects of it. so my mom took the holistic approach and started juicing eating organic being alkaline and non acidic and about 4 months later today i'm very happy to say she is cancer free and has a cat scan in feb. so i'm actually wondering how long the doc gave you i you don't mind answering
t3_3667l1-t3_3667l1-crb90l0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5896	i had a lumpectomy for breast cancer almost three weeks ago. the day before, i got together with a bunch of friends and went to a concert at our local flower fields - danced, took pictures in the flowers, it was an awesome. soon i'll probably be starting chemo. if i decide to do it i'm thinking of having  party or something beforehand.
t3_3vfoyr-t1_cxn3cxt-cxn4y9k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	have you thought about getting the brca testing done? i have a family history of breast cancer too, but in my case the test showed it wasn't genetic. of course i still get the routine checkups done but it's nice to know i'm not high risk!   also, from what i was told they are now doing a lot of research into environmental factors. my mom and her sister are both survivors and are now in the sister study at ucla.. makes sense that people who grew up in the same house, using the same products, could both be effected without it being a hereditary issue.
t3_3em3zd-t1_ctg9c9y-ctghb5b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wait hold on: if the vets cost them 10's of millions in a suit that was false, **they owe them 10's of millions**. the courts will determine if this suit is legitimate. obviously if the vet's side was legit and they can prove it in court, nothing will be awarded here.  on a side note, i believe this is the same chemical erin brockovich sued over--and apparently it does none of the stuff she said it did in the concentrations found, and moreover the town with the highest exposure to these chemicals in the us (norman, ok, iirc), has lower than average cancer rates.  again, **i can't speak to whose side is right in this case** (putting it in bold because i don't want to make it construed i'm taking sides), and probably wont read it until the verdict is in, but just because the vets say they got sick from this doesn't mean they did--please let the court decide.  on an unfortunate further side note: our system is totally bonkers sometimes, awards have been given to parents with autistic kids from vaccine companies, and let's not forget apple winning a suit against samsung for rounded edges on rectangular phones even with the jury admitting to ignoring prior art. plus there was silicon breast implants supposedly causing lupus (now back on the market because guess what? they don't). i could go on.  edit: oh wow, dod is assuming liability for kbr in either case. that's certainly awful. didn't we learn our lesson with liability caps for bp ([was later overturned, but still probably contributed greatly to that disaster happening](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/04/18/one-year-after-bp-congres_n_850677.html))?
t3_1zsp0f-t3_1zsp0f-cfwqohi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	our cat would be a retired stunt woman and breast cancer survivor who loves to steal food directly off your plate even though she has perfectly good food on her own plate. she'd be a little quirky about glasses of water, always putting her hands in them. every now and then she'd step out of retirement for a charity demonstration but would occasionally fail miserably, always pretending the mistake never happened and vacate the vicinity nonchalantly. you'd start to worry her days are numbered when you notice how thin she's become and how her knees seem to be frozen. she'd cry every night when her dinner was gone, insisting she's still starving. and she'd be slightly incontinent but so embarrassed she'd try to hide it under your clothes.
t3_1ep1nm-t3_1ep1nm-ca5zyy0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my girlfriend and i went out to eat at a bar/grill, and some drunk dude stumbled out of the restaurant and got in his truck and backed into her parked car while we were eating. we didn't see it until we were through, and we were just like "fuck."  then we see a note on the windshield. it was from this large group of ladies (who were all breast cancer survivors, incidentally) who witnessed the whole thing and took pics of the guy's face, truck, "name", and license plate. they were still inside, so we went in and they sent us the pictures and said to call if the cops needed a statement, they were super nice about it.  called it in and the dude got nailed the next day. no insurance, outstanding warrants, driving on a suspended license for prior duis, basically just a huge piece of shit. also the name he gave the women was fake. he actually thought that would save him.   we didn't wind up getting money from him because it turned out to only be cosmetic damage and going through the hassle to get a bumper needlessly replaced wasn't worth it, but at least that dumb drunk fucking asshole had a shittier day than we did.
t3_2rlb77-t1_cnh0rge-cnh1z2w	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8007	i was diagnosed with a brca-1 mutation last january. i had a 90% risk of breast cancer and s 50% risk of ovarian cancer by the time i was 50. i had a hysterectomy in may (only one scar survived this surgery, i also lost a tattoo that was on my hip). they did remove one lymph node during reconstruction that looked suspicious but it turned out to be ok. all pathology came back good.   my mother had breast cancer in 2007/2008. she had a hysterectomy in august and they found pre-cancerous growths on her fallopian tubes. since she's post menopausal, they probably would not have caught that until it was too late. so i feel like i did the right thing.  i could have had the mastectomy and opted for implants and not had to lose any weight but being obese increases your odds of cancer and i thought if i was going to change my life this radically, i needed to be on board in all aspects 100%. i quit smoking, was able to stop taking insulin and am now off all diabetes meds. 2014 was the year of the changed shezbot.
t3_1rwvz3-t1_cdrtgm3-cdsgtau	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8055	the trick is to check both like at the same time. i have a lot of family history with breast cancer and just do a quick check once a month or so. sometimes if you just check 1 at a time it'll feel like a "weird" lump in places but checking the same area on the other usually tends to have the tissue deposited similarly. not sure if that's like correct terminology but ya.   also my mother who had breast cancer described the lump as being hard as a rock and like actually hurting...
t3_4avjzl-t1_d13wiof-d13wxf4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6813	thank you.  to clarify my post, the testing was done last fall when it turned out chemotherapy was not working on my tumor.  i needed immediate surgery so the surgeon had to decide quickly whether to do a lumpectomy or double mastectomy.  i was brca negative but she felt it might be wise to do further testing so they ran a larger panel.  when rad50 turned up she explained to me that they know there is some sort of link between it and breast cancer, but it was unclear exactly what that was.  she told me it was my decision to make based on the results.  i opted for a full double mastectomy, but it was a bit of flying blind since time was not on my side.   several months later i visited a genetic counselor.  she spoke to me for quite some time about rad50, but never brought up radiation, mostly just what they know about it and hereditary factors.  we then moved out of state and this new radiation oncologist was simply reviewing my reports and telling me what she felt was best, based on the results.  i don't think she was impressed with my genetic counselor and that's why she wants me to see another one.  she did seem to know her stuff, though, and referenced two new journal articles that had just been published this week, plus an ongoing radiation study involving rad50 node-positive women.   it's hard with a newer gene that people don't know much about.  i'd probably be in better shape 10 years from now, but much worse shape 10 years ago, so i'm trying to do the best i can with the information i have.
t3_2o5fih-t3_2o5fih-cmjvl56	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think if she had plastic surgery, it was probably what they call 'fat transfer' where the surgeon takes fat from other areas (liposuction) and puts it where the client wants it. from what i've read, it's the most common way to do a butt augmentation.   source: i have been doing research about this kind of fat transfer technique because i recently had a breast biopsy done and was worrying about having to have a possible lumpectomy, or worse. i do not want implants if something happens to my breast. i discovered that fat transfer can be used to create/modify/enhance breasts as well, eliminating the need for any kind of implant. luckily, my pathology came back negative so i can stop worrying about it. but if i ever need to do any kind of surgery on my breasts (i have history of breast cancer in my family) this is type of cosmetic surgery i will pursue.
t3_3osm50-t3_3osm50-cw0ioxk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm late, but here goes:  i am a pa in pathology. it is my job to dissect and examine anything removed in surgery and dictate a macroscopic report on it. so if you have your kidney removed, or a hysterectomy, etc it is my job to dissect and examine it (and perform autopsies).    so, one day i received a massive mastectomy which had a tumor in it the size of a softball. now, normally, the tumors you find a breast are solid. when i didn't know was that this tumor actually had a cystic core which was filled with fluid under pressure. when i cut into it with my scalpel, tumor juice erupted *everywhere*, and got on my lab coat, pants, shoes, in my hair.   it was pretty revolting. i had to take a shower and change scrubs.    it was then that i realized, no matter what your profession, if you are forced to change clothes at work, it can't have been a good day.
t3_146tqm-t3_146tqm-c7afkc1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wife got diagnosed with breast cancer back in march, at about the same time her father got diagnosed with incurable brain cancer. wife is probably going to be ok, we're just waiting for the histology results from the operation after 6 months of chemo. fil probably won't make it much into 2013.  she's going to have to take hormone suppressants for 5 years starting next february, and she is now 37 years old. which means we probably won't get to have our own kids ever.   it's scary.
t3_4aymvu-t3_4aymvu-d15bs6u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a customer was checking out. while i'm bagging her items, she's talking to a friend. and then i hear her say:  "uch. i wish i had breast cancer so i could get a free boob job."   ....bitch, what?
t3_4j2rlb-t1_d33cg7g-d33rd86	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	that's how i knew. two weeks after my now-husband had made the stupid decision to quit his job and move across the country for a woman he had just met, i was diagnosed with breast cancer. i was barely 24 and he was 22, and i tried to send him back home because i knew it was going to be ugly and he was too amazing for me to put him through it. he wouldn't go and told me, "i came here because i love you, and because i love you i'm going to stay." he slept in my hospital room after my mastectomies, learned how to give me shots, took a night job so he could be around for my chemo appointments, and asked me to marry him when i had a quarter-inch of hair. even when the cancer came back and metastasized two years ago, he stayed. he keeps building a life with me even though neither of us have any idea if it will come apart at any time. i didn't even know there could be so much love.
t3_31heeg-t3_31heeg-cq722ms	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7565	i used to feel the same thoughts "if i had cancer (or some other type of chronic disease) i could justify being sad all of the time. but guess what happened, i was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was 22. after two months of thinking of nothing but my own mortality and grieving the loss of my breasts and hair i realized being sad all of the time is really fucking boring. i realized i may be closer to understanding the depths of my own mortality but i am not dead yet. it was hard but i made a point everyday and tell myself "turn your face to the sun &amp; the shadows will fall behind you".  learn to love you. learn to find help when it's needed. it sounds like you could really use some therapy or direction to help you reevaluate the good that this life has to offer. one day you will get sick with something and die, as we all will... but until then, embrace life and live for the things you love and make you smile every day.  plus, chemo fucking sucks.
t3_14sd9w-t1_c7fz835-c7ga5gt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is exactly the problem i have with all this breast cancer awareness stuff. ya you donate to a good cause but all these company's make breast cancer look pretty, make it look feminine, and make it look normal. the whole thing is that its not normal or pretty. its a horrible disease. stop glorifying it.
t3_1otvov-t3_1otvov-ccvqmkv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6703	this is a terrible story which gave me lots of feels (mostly about hurting his "parents"), however, my husband's first wife died of metastatic breast cancer and it wasn't like this at all. hers was only in her organs but she still wasted away, went into a coma-like state and stayed there for a week before she died.    i understand that all cases are different but if she had brain cancer, it seems unlikely she was coherent up to the day before she died.   obviously, i can't know this, my evidence is anecdotal but these things are progressive, your body wears down slowly until you die so reasonable brain function (enough to talk and text) one day and then dead the next doesn't really make sense. unless she had an aneurism but the doctors predicted her death which means they could see what would occur based on the current progress of her body shutting down.   anybody else have experience with cancer death and how it works? i'd be interested to hear more cases. and to believe this is fake and people like that stepmom don't exist.
t3_14wsid-t1_c7hntpb-c7ho1ad	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a family history of breast cancer, and because birth control pills can increase the risk of breast cancer (it's only slightly), i've been hesitant to go on them.  he always finishes in my mouth, and sometimes my butt. though i really do wish we could do the full finish from piv sex!
t3_33ckzp-t3_33ckzp-cqjlt2q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7894	i got the copper iud a little over a year ago. the insertion was painful but nothing a hot water bottle, rest, and ibuprofen couldn't handle. since then, i've loved it! i have a very strong history of breast cancer in my family, and not having to deal with the hormones in the pill anymore has been nice. but along with wanting to get rid of the hormones, i was tired of having to remember to take the pill every day too. it made for some stressful times when i forgot it.
t3_b5pf7-t1_c0l447g-c0l46b4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you seem to know the options out there, it sucks that you cannot take advantage of them.  it seems too cruel to do a mastectomy this day and age without some sort of reconstructive surgery at the same time.  which brings me to my question aimed at anyone in the know. i am not looking to start a us/rest of the world health service debate because the op's question is on different lines. just curiosity on my part and sort of related. do countries such at the uk or canada provide this as part of the treatment?  i am from the uk myself and living in the japan both of which have reasonable health schemes, however i don't know the answer to this myself.  yesterday, my wife was telling me about a friend's mother who has had both a mastectomy and reconstructive surgery. i suspect that she had extra insurance and the japanese system wouldn't have covered the latter. i also suspect the british nhs would have but i am not sure.  good luck dating.  edited: for grammar and added a little disclaimer..
t3_1nlsdt-t3_1nlsdt-ccjqzuk	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	a few weeks ago, i had a third of my breast removed because of a lump.    i found it a year or two ago. about 6 months ago, i had a biopsy. it came back that it was benign (fibrocystic breasts) but i was at high risk of developing cancerous cells as they found cells that were "questionable." it was supposed to be removed in july, but they moved the appointment to september (which i took as a good sign). when it was removed, it was roughly the size of a large egg.    for the rest of my life, i will have to be carefully monitored. i have an extremely high risk of having breast cancer someday. the breast clinic i spoke to said it  would be more likely that i will develop more lumps and potential cancers than not.    i'm 22, no history of breast cancer in my family.       you shouldn't be too scared, but it's important that she gets it checked out. don't leave it as long as i did.
t3_2glahx-t3_2glahx-ckkcswp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	ask her how she's doing! cancer is very lonely. i have "cancer lite" (stage 0 breast cancer, caught it super early, yay!) and very few people ask me how i'm doing. not even my fucking parents. i've talked to other cancer survivors who report the same thing.   i think a card would be sweet. something like you're thinking of her.
t3_zxqx0-t1_c68obap-c68tg01	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;i was in elementary school when one of my breasts started to mature. i thought the hard little lumpy thing was cancer. i mean it was asymmetrical, and changing quickly, right? after six months of worrying i told my mom and was very relieved to learn that it was "just" puberty and the other breast would probably catch up.  i thought i was the only person who thought this!!! i really did! it wasn't that my breasts grew in one at a time, but around ~6th grade when i was just barely growing in the chest, and my breasts were mostly like breasts tissue with little fat, one day i was pressing them and behind the nipple (which was still not all that developed, itself), i just felt a round lump. of course my mind connects lump with cancer and not "integral part of the breast like glands and ducts and shit." i seriously thought, at age 11, that i had breast cancer and was going to die.  funny thing, my school system actually had a good sex ed program, starting around grade 5 and through high school. they taught us everything about our own ~changing bodies~ (though they did separate boys and girls until grade 7 or 8), and on top of it, my parents never shied from questions we asked about such things, they never used euphemisms either but we're honest and direct. so i don't know why i thought it was cancer. it may have just been my tendency toward hypochondria. then again, one of my childhood friends had just had an aunt diagnosed with breast cancer... probably that had an influence, when i think about it.
t3_188lix-t3_188lix-c8db9ou	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have breast cancer as well. stage i at the moment.   i am going to be honest with you here, and some of what i say may upset you. i only do so because it is what i would want someone to do for me.  first, the 5-year survival rate for women with stage iv breast cancer is about 15%; the 10-year survival rate is 5-10%.   unfortunately, once breast cancer has progressed to stage iv, it becomes incurable. this means that the chances of chemotherapy eradicating your aunt's cancer are extremely low (although i never want to say impossible). if i were you, i would be lobbying to get her on every and any kind of experimental trial drug out there. we know that traditional therapies can temporarily hold off stage iv breast cancer, but we also know that eventually, all of them will fail. i truly believe that we are close to a cure and if you aunt can get in on the right trial, she may be one of the lucky women to get it.  the good news, however, is that women can live many years - even decades - with stage iv breast cancer. it can be managed with chemotherapy, hormone therapy and other drugs. your aunt likely has many years of normal, happy life ahead of her. i have heard some describe stage iv breast cancer as a "chronic illness," and from what i have seen, that description is accurate.  in the course of my illness i have met and interacted with women with stage iv disease who look as healthy and happy as someone without cancer - hair and all. have a look at kristen hallenga's blog, kriskancer.squarespace.com. she is in her 20s and has been a metastatic breast cancer survivor for many years. i hope that your aunt can take some strength from her.  i am incredibly sorry to hear about your aunt's relapse and i will be thinking of you often. feel free to pm me if you have any more questions.
t3_1qz0mj-t1_cdhwnof-cdi0bv2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm almost afraid to ask if i know this same person but mine had "different" cancer... the wife of a friend of mine came down with breast cancer and was supposedly getting chemo.  she became very sick them went i'm to renal failure and ten all of the sudden she was perfect!    she also claimed to have been raped after she cheated on her husband and then she claimed to be pregnant with him but had a miscarriage. later we found out she actually had an abortion because she had cheated on her husband again and got pregnant.    oh and this all after she supposedly had her tubes tied because the doctor had told her she couldn't have children anymore due to medical complications.   my friend and her are now divorced and she has suckered some new dude in and they are apparently pregnant with triplets.  do i believe it's legit?  hell no.
t3_1jfuma-t1_cbeinrc-cbf5nmo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5089	i hope this isn't too personal, but have you talked to your doctor about your symptoms? i read up on klinefelter syndrome and saw that you also have an increased risk of breast cancer. one of the symptoms of breast cancer is pain and tenderness of the breast tissue. not to scare you. i used to work at a breast cancer clinic doing research trials and we had a couple of male patients where soreness was the initiating symptom. maybe just go have it checked out? get a mammogram or an mri. i had a breast cancer scare myself when i was 26 and had to do a mammo/mri/biopsy. it's not so bad. honestly, the mri was the scariest part of it all because that thing is ridiculously loud. the doctor i saw prescribed me valium so i wouldn't freak out in the thing. she was great. a++ would see again.
t3_2w4jpr-t1_conq7oj-conqurc	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my girlfriends mother passed in january from stage 4 breast to bone cancer. she also received many rounds of chemo. in the end she decided she no longer wanted to feel sick from the chemo therapy and decided to live her last weeks in peace with her family. it was a very tough and trying time. it was mentally and physically exhausting. best of luck and wishes to you and your friend.  cancer is a motherfucker, fuck cancer.
t3_3knx4k-t3_3knx4k-cuz56eq	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5037	how about the reverse? i had a breast cancer patient and needed to have a pelvic exam before starting treatment.  i called &amp; called and left voicemails...she finally called back days later and timidly, hesitantly explained that she'd been born (60 years prior) without a vagina.  in those days, they just removed all of the internal reproductive organs instead of creating a vagina. she had barbie genitalia. what really pissed me off is that *no one* along the way to her diagnosis had examined this woman to note she had no vagina. there was no record, her surgeon had no idea - nothing. that's inexcusable.  i felt terrible for harassing her so mercilessly about something that was obviously painful &amp; humiliating, especially at the same time she'd just been diagnosed. i still think about her voice on the phone, 15 years later,
t3_1oy20d-t1_ccx1srq-ccxef1g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i bet there are people who have breast cancer who would be completely fine with this video, so i don't really see your point. people can be offended or reminded of their plights in a infinite number of ways, and yes it sucks, but that's life, learn to move on (we all have do it towards varying levels of severity). people shouldn't have to tip toe and be 110% pc for every issue imaginable all the time, it doesn't make any sense. heck maybe they should re brand breast cancer to something else, as the word breast could remind them of their situation and make them feel bad.  the video isn't making a "game" of cancer, nor is it trivializing it imo. it is however dealing with it in a lighthearted manner which is completely fine. should every fundraiser be somber, formal and depressing? obviously not, there is room for diversity when it comes to doing these types of things and more "formal" donation drives exist a plenty.   i feel like people are reading way to much into this (and the impact it has on society), it was a short youtube video about trading sexual favors for donations to a good cause. everyone involved consented (at least as far as i can tell), and most everyone seemed to be having a good time. it seems like a win/win to me. it's not like the government came out and made this video and had it seen by millions of people. it's not some social commentary about how all men only care about the physical aspects of women. it was a video made by a random group of people who wanted to do something good while also having some fun doing it in an unconventional way, and by the looks of it they achieved that goal.
t3_1okg3y-t1_ccswn4b-cctd4jd	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5059	similarly, i had breast cancer last year (at the age of 24) that was linked to a pill i took for years starting at the age of 14. gotta read the research.
t3_2im9mc-t3_2im9mc-cl4fd28	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know what i could say that would be encouraging. i have metastatic breast cancer. 35 years old the first time and 38 when it came back last year. i don't feel optimistic at all this time either. i felt 110% that even though my cancer was triple negative and very aggressive that i had beat it last time.  i will have been in chemo for a full year, on my birthday in a couple weeks, and my cancer treatment has become a 'matter of fact' kind of thing. just give me the facts, doc and we'll let the chemo and my body do what it's going to do.  i don't know that i've lost my optimism but it has been sobering to realize that i'm on chemo for the long haul. my cancer treatment goes until question mark this time.  i don't even know where i'm going with this. what i think i'm trying to say, is that you don't need optimism to survive this. you just can't swing to the other side and get mired down in pessimism.  you can approach this as clinically,logically and neutrally as you need to. you don't have to 'fight' and wear yourself out for these next 18 rounds. you just need to give your body the things it needs to fight for you. just don't give up on your body.  i know how it sucks to be going through this. pm me if you ever want to talk.
t3_yjc5z-t3_yjc5z-c5w8ut1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a real problem with "breast cancer awareness" specialty products. its almost become gimmicky or trendy, with their pink this and that. call it "breast cancer fundraising" and just be honest about it. we are all aware of breast cancer ffs. as a survivor of a cancer that doesn't have a cool tagline, i am acutely aware that all cancers deserve attention. i choose to donate to cancer research as a whole, not just a particular cancer.
t3_p9lgg-t1_c3nmo53-c3nrnj6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	spoken like someone who's not familiar with komen's tactics.  i have been battling breast cancer for 14 years. my chest looks something like hers, but i also have lymphedema and radiation-induced telangiectasia which are little topical vessels that have developed in parts of the radiation field and heart damage because i've had so much radiation to the area where my left breast used to be. i also have a section of the mastectomy scar on the left that never really closes. the radiation damage to the skin is so bad, that it never really heals. i had my bilateral mastectomy in 1997.   i know breast cancer.  the komen foundation takes credit when they don't deserve it. i have a rare breast cancer called inflammatory breast cancer. it's the breast cancer without the lump. unlike other breast cancers, we haven't seen the progress in life expectancy. about 40% of us are dead in 5 years and 75% in 10. it's a very aggressive disease.  because it is rare and aggressive and doesn't respond the same way other breast cancers do to chemo, we are often excluded from clinical trials. so in 1999, a group of folks started the [inflammatory breast cancer research foundation](http://www.ibcresearch.org/). this is an organization that funds ibc research exclusively. the komen foundation has at one time or another claimed credit for funding the ibcrf and sent a cease and desist letter when they were distributing *our* info. there was also a tussel for credit down in houston with md anderson when they opened an ibc research center in 2006. again, the komen foundation took credit where it wasn't due. md anderson had enough pull to get the komen foundation to back off.    the komen foundation may have served a purpose at one point, but now they are a political entity whose focus has moved to politics rather than breast cancer research.  did you know if you want to hold a fundraiser with them as the beneficiary, you have to guarantee a certain dollar amount. if you can't raise enough, they don't want your money.  absolutely they are a private non-profit corporation that can spend their money as they see fit. but they also better be prepared for a backlash when breast cancer patients decide to stop being a commodity to be sold for a pink ribbon and a corporate sponsorship.
t3_pa3yr-t1_c3nrtfv-c3nt7uf	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was the 2%.   i needed stem cells in my battle with inflammatory breast cancer for a stem cell rescue (commonly referred to as a bone marrow transplant). i injected the neupogen and we harvested 14 times and still didn't get enough stem cells.  i was what was considered a poor mobilizer.  we had to go old school and harvest the marrow drawing it from my hip. as i'd had numerous bone marrow biopsies when i just had a local, i knew the fun i was in for.  just know if you do have to harvest bone marrow, it is painful. you'll be asleep, but after, it hurts. it is a deep pain like a charlie horse, but pretty painful. but the pain diminishes after 2 days and is gone by day 7. you'll have a hard time sitting and getting back up for a couple of days, but that's all.
t3_40jte7-t3_40jte7-cyv3cyi	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6819	i'm rooting for him during the oscars and now in black panther. i really liked fruitvale. even though i knew what was going to happen throughout the movie, i was still caught up in the characters which made the ending much more emotional.  it will be interesting to see the perspective he will bring to the movie.  here is an interview where he explained a **very** touching story about his passion for the rocky franchise and how it connects to his dad:  "when i was older, i got into sports. and he would make me watch sections of “rocky ii” before i’d go off to a game or before i had a big test in school or whatever. it was kind of a thing. when i got older, like high school, maybe, i started to think, “why did it make my dad cry?” i remember asking him, and he didn’t come out and say what it was but i kind of asked and dug and dug and dug and dug. and then i realized that he watched all these movies with his mom. i never met his mom. his mom died when he was 18 years old; she had a long bout with breast cancer. she got sick when my father was like 7, 8. they took her to the hospital and found out she was stage four and told her that she could get treatment, but she probably wouldn’t live through the year. she ended up fighting the disease and going through double mastectomy and different types of treatment that kind of broke her body down, but she lived to the point that my dad got out of high school. and in the last year or so of her life, she was really debilitated from the disease and from the treatment. she was bedridden and my pops was her primary caretaker. and the only activity they could do together was watch movies, and “rocky ii” happened to be what was on tv a lot at the time.  so when we watched “rocky ii,” he was really having an emotional reaction to his experience with his mom. that was why they were so important to him. and then when i got out of film school and was getting ready to make “fruitvale,” the same thing kind of happened to me. my dad got sick. he got a neuromuscular disease and they couldn’t understand what was going on and they were misdiagnosing different things. his skeletal muscles were atrophying, so he wasn’t able to take care of himself. and they couldn’t give him a prognosis. a lot of the stuff they were saying he could have was fatal, like als, pma, you know, ms. so i kind of went through seeing somebody who was so strong and kind of heroic to me become frail and unable to care for himself, and our relationship changed. it was really emotionally damaging for me, and mentally damaging. it kind of broke my concept down of what a man was. because all the things i thought my dad was — being strong and fit and able to fight and run and pick me and my brothers up with one hand — he couldn’t do that anymore. it was almost like the physical side of this man was unrecognizable. and i had a question: “well, what makes you a man? my father, is he still a man right now even though he needs my brother’s help to get from the bedroom to the bathroom?”  so i came up with the idea of seeing that happen to his favorite film character. and it was motivation to him, as a gift to him, and a vent for my emotions at the time. and how you said you felt when you were watching the movie, being on the verge of tears — i felt like that every day at the time my dad was going through that. so it was really our relationship that inspired me to write this story and to pitch it to sly and pitch it to mgm."   http://variety.com/2016/film/in-contention/creed-director-ryan-coogler-on-filmmaking-as-journalism-and-the-importance-of-female-voices-1201670613/
t3_1nzhvo-t3_1nzhvo-ccnmecd	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer in 2004, and it was found with a mammogram.  i do support breast self-exams, but in conjunction with mammography.  my tumor was very small, deep inside the breast, lower center, not in one of the quadrants as is usual.  i was lucky, it was a slow grower, found at stage one, so i only needed a lumpectomy, and specialized radiation.  also had colon cancer, but it was unrelated, and treated separately.  unusual to have two cancers at once, but i managed it.  that was also stage one, no chemo.   screening is vital, but also know your family history.  not just who had cancer, but at what age, and if you can find out, what type of breast cancer.  there are so many! while taking care of yourself may not prevent cancer, it certainly can lower the risks, and put in in a better place physically and mentally should you happen to develop cancer. we all know the drill, maintain a healthy body mass, no smoking, easy on the booze, eat a colorful variety of foods, get your vitamins, get up and move.   good luck everyone, this is a scary topic.
t3_2i9mry-t1_cl090se-cl0bvv1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ouch for you.  double ouch for me, because i have the gene for hereditary breast cancer and i'm 55.  i have amazing role models in my life, old tibetan men who are humble, unflappable and so kind to me.  of course they are dying off, and if i live to old age, i will be that person to others.
t3_a8vnv-t3_a8vnv-c0gdvlp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	reposted from r/photography, but i think it should be seen here too, since i don't know if r/photography is an auto-frontpage.   i have a lot of respect for breast cancer survivors, but to photograph it and put it "out-there" takes more bravery and mettle than i can imagine.
t3_24vfhr-t3_24vfhr-chb9ryi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	simple, you are both the parents, in a situation such as this when something must be done to the child the parents can disagree all they want but the one who wants things to be left alone wins.  she wants someone to cut your child's penis with a knife. that's a non starter question. i am cut, so is my son because we did so without knowing anything about it, it was traditional. if we had to do it over again he would be uncut.  give her a simple change up, if she wants your son to be cut fine, but if she has a girl you get to have her clitoris removed, i mean it was and is still a common practice.  better go ahead and get the breasts removed as well, lowers the chance of breast cancer, can't get breast cancer if you have no breasts.  it is a ridiculous argument, there is no sound scientific reason to cut your kids penis off. it is based solely on a completely made up bullshit story about how god likes dickskin.
t3_4772uf-t3_4772uf-d0apkrj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well first long term relationship lasted 7 years. i was 17 she was 27. she systematically eliminated my friends, she cheated on me and used cheating as emotional blackmail, she faked getting pregnant, faked breast cancer (it was a harmless cyst), she stalked me when i was with other people, she once made me eat a whole jalapeño pepper at tgif to prove i loved her, she played all sorts of mind games, she really fucked me up.     one day i woke up and she was hovering above me with my cell phone.  she told me she went through my messages and called the last few girls i spoke to. i put my jeans on, took my phone and never looked back. 2 years later she called me internationally 15 mins before my sound engineering final exam. she was drunk driving and acting insane. i failed the exam.     fuck you, irina. fuck you.
t3_rkg71-t1_c46jyjx-c46lg7v	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm not a cancer survivor, but i survived both of my parents having cancer. my mum had breast cancer that metastasized into her bones. dad had prostate, then lung that metastasized into his brain. i can absolutely tell you this: you will not go through this alone.   even if something happens and your friends don't know what to do anymore and your family is just tired, you will always have support from the folks you see at treatment. beyond that, people come out of the woodwork to support you.  also: chemo nurses are quite possibly the best people in the world.   what folks have said here rings true. attitude will make the difference. you can cry and hurt and have your days where you're down - that's absolutely okay. (for my mum it was day 2 after chemo) but pick yourself up in the morning and do what you can, even if it's a walk down the street and back. when you're done, you'll be amazed that you thought staying in bed was a good idea.   either way, good luck to you. you'll do it. no matter how hard it is, the only way out is through. and remember: your friends and family still love you, even if the aren't quite sure what to make of the cancer yet.
t3_1ssx8s-t3_1ssx8s-ce0x77u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	summer internships are the best! you need to apply to them now though.  i had one in a breast cancer research lab, and another working with a forensic pathologist doing autopsies and investigating murders.  you get paid a huge stipend, you get to brag about how you beat out other candidates, you work side by side with seasoned professionals, you can pretty much choose your own hours as long as you get your shit done, they dont actually need you to do stuff because they get by just fine the other 9 months of the year without your help, subsequently they are really appreciative when you do help, you get interesting stories that other med applicants dont have, and you get to write really long run on sentences like this one.  maybe ive been lucky but my summer experiences were the shit. also you have a back up job if you need to take a gap year and get published.  talk to your school counselor about opportunities, and if u live in ann arbor i could throw some suggestions your way
t3_b4r34-t1_c0kygr6-c0kynb5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5858	i know what you mean. you see, my wife had breast cancer and had to have her breasts removed. we've already made the decision to have our daughter's breasts removed as soon as possible. people think we're *fucking morons*, but we just want our children to match us. sure, she'll be mutilated, but she'll understand when she gets older. i just know she will!
t3_2g54hh-t1_ckft6fj-ckftc7q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7437	how is your mom doing?  i had breast cancer too!  my hair came back basically the same:  thick, slight wave to it, graying over what used to be a dark blond/light brown.  and thanks for the sweet compliment.
t3_3g8bt1-t3_3g8bt1-ctw5vx3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was being shouted at. eyes snapped open, the blinds north of my sights indicated it wasn't even daybreak. my father loomed overhead.   "get up!" he growled, sucking air through his teeth with true jamaican disapproval. he stormed out the pale taupe doorway and a glance at the bedside clock revealed it was 5:23 am. in high school i awoke at 4:45 am. i rolled my eyes and groaned upon finding out my brain had decided to grant me cruel dream lucidity. i shut my eyes tightly -- this usually would awaken me, but on occasion failed, and tonight was one of those times. fine, let's fly then. i jumped off the saggy mattress. bounced several times. the scuffed wood boards whined under my trampolining.  achieving a little air time wasn't normally this hard.  cursing the stubbornness of this scenario i wandered out to the kitchen to find the agenda my father forced me to keep. dad was making our lunches. "where's mom?" i asked while flipping open the book.  apparently the date was monday october 4th, 2004.   dad gave me a funny look. "she's at her study, remember? she won't be back till saturday." study? my innards churned. i remember her telling me about the allergy studies -- those she hated most --, where all the participants were seated in a room with vents and the researchers would pump the room full of allergens to test the effectiveness of the antihistamines. the drugs would suck. a week was a bit long for that though, so it must have been some other drug. one that required lots of blood draws.  the bathroom door whipped open and steam spilled out. jo glided out of the bathroom towards her bedroom. josephine...she was short, her head was proportionally bigger to her body than i was used to. she was 9. "hey," she said vacantly in passing. i raced past her to the bathroom and wiped away the mirror's condensation with my bare forearm. i was nearly 14 according to that date. my hair was short, i had hardly starting growing into my boobs, and still had annoying upper lip eczema with a light mustache i hadn't yet waxed. this was the most "conscious" i'd ever been in a dream. usually time wasn't this linear. i was horrified at how real this felt.   and if this was real... that meant we weren't supposed to know about our illegitimate little sister yet. grace had to be 3 and a half. i didn't remember when dad broke the news; all i remember was that we were on the ttc and it was sunny outside. probably wasn't happening until next summer. then her mother would die from breast cancer a year after that, her body buried in the philippines, far from where her daughter would be able to visit. a $100k inheritance would be waiting for her at 18, but it was useless in this moment. this moment...  in this moment, i zonked out, reeling from the shock. grabbed a towel and took a quick shower. breakfast was fruit and a bagel with melted cheese on top. jo went upstairs to practice piano, and i followed to "study".  reality pelted me over and over like a torrent of hail. this was no dream. talking to even trusted individuals would land me at [cam-h](http://www.camh.ca). and while their staff was certainly lovely, i wasn't supposed to end up there for insanity, just mere suicidal ideation. maybe, with my knowledge of the future, it didn't have to happen that way. but i would still have to figure out how to handle dad's emotional and verbal abuse, as well as help shape a better jo. jo, who bullied others in middle school because of our dad's horribly misguided love. jo, who chilled out to gorillaz and green day and would start cutting herself as the pain became unbearable. jo, who would come to hate me five years later while i had her restrained on the floor in front of the police, preventing her from leaving this shithole of a home because i was so brainwashed by my father.  not to mention my mother: she loved to travel. dad would laugh at her when she'd suggest becoming a travel agent. she would lose her office job soon due to cutbacks and settle with the night shift at zellers. she wouldn't leave my father for another six years.  that would only happen once she'd suggest to grace that she could bathe herself without my father's assistance at age nine, and dad would scream at her. my mother would leave for a shelter at jo's urging. dad would take out his anger on jo, choking her with a belt. i wouldn't be there to stop it as i'd be away at university.   what i wouldn't have given to have my fiance close to me at this moment. we weren't to meet for another five years, nor to be engaged for another seven (i would avoid botching the proposal this time). at least i could avoid wasting time in that online relationship. he was a sweet southern california boy raised by his grandmother, but we were to be emotionally incompatible.    if this dream was to be cruel, this time i could dominate it.  my father would not come to live vicariously through me. i would not allow him to show me off as a prize.   so, at 14, i would find a part-time job at the nofrills near my school, to save up in order to move out at 16, and somehow figure out the legal logistics of taking jo with me, or becoming an emancipated minor. my father would be appalled at my rebellion, but i'd cut contact with him. after all, i wouldn't have my first cell phone yet.  i would learn how to program, starting with python, then moving on to c, javascript, ruby -- whatever i could manage. i'd become proficient at linux, too. i would pester my future calculus teacher for copies of the grade 12 notes and a textbook, as my math courses would be the downfall of me in first year physics at waterloo.  i would in the meantime become the difficult child, deflecting the attention from my sister and suddenly telling off my father for his behaviour. he would be surprised and angered, since i would have normally stood quietly every time he berated me. i would insist that we need family counselling and he would refuse. he couldn't hit me. i knew krav maga and was 70 pounds lighter.   i'd see a doctor, because even though depression and borderline personality disorder were now preventable, i'd need some prozac or zoloft to manage. dad would not let me see a doctor; he'd insist nothing was wrong, that it was all in my head. until i'd gain freedom from him, i would practice my martial arts and meditation to keep calm. as tempting as it would be to hit up the stoners in the class to soothe the anxiety, i'd take up cannabis consumption in university, just like the first time through.   i couldn't rush my mother to leave, but i would encourage the pursuit of her passions. she would at least see sooner that dad was no good for her. maybe she would join me in my mythical apartment and actually start saving up for retirement as well as a vacation fund.  i would still play the flute and piano with all my heart. i wouldn't develop a crush on my band teacher, because i would know what would happen if i told him. i would still try my hardest to get into the waterloo orchestra come first year university and probably still not make it, with eighteen flutes competing for 2 spots, but that would be okay.  fuck running for school president in grade 12. i'd still happily do the morning announcements in grade 9 though, and would warn orion that his continual viking themed tirades, while awesome, would waste too much time in the mornings and cause a ban in student announcements for three years. as president, i would have had the ban lifted.   oh who am i kidding, he'd still get us banned anyway, and it would be totally worth it.   but aside from those extracurriculars, i would dedicate every ounce of my being to becoming a programmer, to not being afraid of mathematics. i embraced math, but it would take me longer to learn than others. i would apply to waterloo for co-op computer science instead of failing physics, hopefully riding in on scholarships and osap. i would make myself a special fund just to invest in google and tesla stock later. i would also buy a sewing machine and sew on the side for cash.   then in january of 2009, i would hopefully meet the love of my life. i would cringe at him all over again: that scrawny, awkward white boy from st. catharines with brown curly hair and black framed glasses that would break in two years. he would not have showered for two days because he would have been at school the night before helping our mutual friends with linear algebra. at the computer science club code party, i would teach him to play piano. he'd introduce me to ytmnd. i would pretend i know nothing about homestar runner just to laugh all over again. and with a little luck, he would still escort me back to my dorm in the dead of howling winter, and i would offer him a cup of tea (this time, my tea cabinet would be properly stocked, and the milk wouldn't be expired)!  maybe we wouldn't fall in love in two days, but more conventionally, with dates, conversations about math-games-concerts-dr. horrible's sing-along blog, and listening to the mountain goats while falling asleep. i'd be financially independent: waterloo cs co-op students often made upwards of $4k per month during their 4-month internships. i would not suggest my boyfriend work at amazon in seattle, because all the broken dev tools would crush him. maybe we'd jointly go to redmond to do co-ops at microsoft instead, because seattle was still a lovely city.  at 24, i will have graduated with a degree in computer science. i'd have a stable salary with benefits. and the investments would make the lives of my fiance and me comfortable. i'd work towards buying my mother a completely paid off house, and would fund josephine's education. i would provide a safe space for grace, and buy her a 3ds so we could play pokemon together.  i would finally be caught up to where i last was before that october morning, shouted awake.  thank you, cosmos, for what you've done to me. at age 14, i am an unstoppable force.  edit: changed names and other small details
t3_262aad-t1_chmyybm-chn5649	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6131	oh man, i just realized why mine might be covered... i'm ashkenazi jew, which means i'm at a higher risk for a whole lot of hereditary diseases.  i had a breast cancer scare last year and they did a ton of genetic testing on me, and i'm negative for all the major stuff including brca.  but maybe that's why i'm able to get coverage for the genetic testing without having to jump through hoops?
t3_1okzxa-t3_1okzxa-ccsz963	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	breast cancer has such a huge survival rate now because of the awareness. i have had family members survive breast cancer, i think they are doing just perfect on the breast cancer awareness.
t3_3mcu3h-t1_cvdz3yb-cvdzx8m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow, just when i think i'm unique. my (step)dad died early as a result of alcoholism. my mom died at 63. i have been dealing with my own breast cancer throughout all of this (and my husband supports me in my limited support of brother but he hates him for what he's put us all through). my own father was in aa for 37 years when he passed in 2011; he was also a reverend in unity church which is probably why i think the god thing isn't flexible. one meeting couldn't hurt, right? thanks again. best of luck to you with your spouse and mil (along with your brother).
t3_1121yo-t1_c6in3ac-c6iqaub	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6574	dont worry man this happened to me too. my mom thought i fantasized about her because every time after i hugged her, id have this weird face.  really i had the face because she is a breast cancer survivor and has a fake breast, and at the time (age 12ish) i didnt understand what the fuck it was and was weirded out by it.
t3_2hwm8g-t1_ckwntzi-ckwwqvl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5132	i am a member of zeta tau alpha who's philanthropy is breast cancer education and awareness and the cause is especially close to my heart because i had a cousin pass away from breast cancer after being diagnosed stage 4 at the age of 26. the 5 year survival rate of a woman diagnosed with stage 0 or 1 bc is over 98%, while the 5 year survival rate for stage 4 is less than 4% if i am remembering correctly. if these pink uniforms get one woman to go out and get a mammogram, something she may not have done otherwise, then they have done their job. woman's healthcare is normally not talked about and many clinics where woman can get inexpensive or free mammograms are in turmoil due to other procedures offered at these clinics. funds raised by these campaigns also go on to fund mobile mammogram centers where impoverished women who would be unable to get a mammogram any other way can get one. breast cancer is nearly 100% preventable, yet it is still the second leading cause for death of women. it needs as much awareness as it can get.
t3_2je5bg-t3_2je5bg-clazh5h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5258	my so had cancer. she told me. it was at an early stage of our relationship and she left the country for the operation. she returned and while she is declared all well and good now, we both know breast cancer can return.  i would want her to tell me, even if it is devastating news. i will be with her all the way if she ever gets it again. she is my first true love. i'm 40 years old and i've been in a handful of longer relationships, but i've never felt like this before. i sometimes fear she gets it again and should it be terminal - god forbid - i know it will break my heart immensely to watch her go away. but i've made a commitment and i will comfort her all the way and do whatever i can to swallow her pain.  you state you want to break up with him. that's in some ways a very egoistical way of thinking. were i him, i would constantly worry. yes, it is going to be hard on him, but at least give him the choice.
t3_26vz3i-t3_26vz3i-chv4d4s	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7575	hi, here's me:   invasive lobular breast cancer, stage 2 (micro mets in the sentinel node) chemo:taxotere, cytoxin, double mastectomy with reconstruction, 7 weeks radiation, conventional oncologist and two private 'integrative' doctors who specialize in eastern medicine and monitor my metabolic and vitamin counts regularly. on a slew of supplements tailored to me. dont waste your time guessing and buying crap, hire a serious md who specializes in cancer nutrition. it's not as expensive as you think (my private docs are $75 an hour)  something that might make you feel better about chemo:   rgcc labs in greece can perform ctc (cancer tumor cell) and csc (cancer stem cell) counts in your blood by capturing and culturing for the best chemo drug to kill your cancer. they can also test the best natural substances to help you make other decisions about diet and alternative therapies. this test was crucial for me because i hated shooting in the dark. these tests will also identify the cancer or multiple cancers that are circulating (this test cannot find tumors/cancer activity that has not shed into your blood stream yet, nor can it identify brain or lymphatic activity, there are other tests for some of those as well as traditional imaging).  counts above 5 are considered poor prognosis - mine was initially a 14. after surgery 12, after chemo 8. i'm continuing vitamin c treatments as directed by the results of this test as it came in as the most sensitive to this natural substance so the saga continues. i'd like to quickly point out i'm considered ned (no evidence of disease)...but until my ctcs are under 5 and traditional markers are normal - i don't think so.    the full cost of cell count, pathology if you will, chemo and natural substance sensitivity through rgcc was $2700 usa. cell search based in the us can only perform the cell count and for that they charge 3k, but i understand some private doctors have arrangements for $600 and only very recently do some insurers cover this marker test performed by them. johnson and johnson acquired the patent from rgcc which cell search bases their process on so for me i'm happy to get more information and pay less by sending my blood overseas with rgcc.   you only need the sensitivity test performed once so the ongoing monitoring of cell counts through rgcc are only $800 after the cost of a blood draw ($125, which you have to search or call their tx based office to find a doctor registered with them to do the draw in your area).  some argue the chemo/substance testing is useless because the results are of course observed in vitro (outside the body in a petri dish) but it's the best god damn thing we've got to guide us individually instead of being treated based on a group and statistics (i have lobular breast cancer and they are placed in the ductal bc group so this didn't jive with me). live tissue testing, good luck, it's expensive and even if you talk your surgeon into doing it there's high risk the thing dies in transit or prep and that costs you as well.   if anyone knows more about the status of ctcs as markers in this county and the companies providing them, i'd really like to know more - and if my information is incorrect i do welcome feedback. i'm just a stay at home mom who was diagnosed in sept of last year who is doing the best research i can to save my life. i didn't want to do any of these conventional treatments either but using cam (complimentary alternative medicine) alongside convention, it really helps avoid other drugs and can help you maintain a pulse on what's happening to you.  i hope this helps.  also look into medical grade cannibus, aspirin, copper therapy and beta blockers...   read and advocate for yourself. your doctors are busy.  **edit: wow! i got down voted? tldr? you don't agree with the tests? this is a year of my life running full speed in research to save it. figured i might save someone a lot of time. i'll lurk from now on.**
t3_323ovc-t1_cq7n39h-cq7r3vr	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	okay....  ...so i had a particularly virulent form of breast cancer about a decade ago, and all signs were pointing toward 'probably gonna live the rest of her short-ass life before she's 40'. i smoked the hell outta some medical marijuana for about six months (during chemo... and beyond... because i saw no particular reason to be 100% present for the shittiest time of my life).   are you saying having my ass nailed to the sofa might have helped me beat cancer and live into my mid-40's (so far)?
t3_dig23-t1_c10fsuf-c10ftdv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is exactly it - films marked as chick flicks just exclude men, which isn't right. why bother having a gender associated with a film? even if it's about breast cancer and childbirth and periods, it's still possibly interesting to a man who has women in his life. there is just no need for it at all. it's a typical marketing strategy - create the product/solution, then create the need/problem for it.  i think it would be good for directors to explore human relationships in a better way than they usually do now but i would hate to see it come under the title of chick flick. i want that fake genre to die in a horrible mess of poo.  &gt; dirty dancing is, well, dirty dancing. it is what it is - a movie that's a lot better than it has any right to be and is pretty much a classic at this point.  very true - better than it has any right to be :) love it.
t3_nj199-t1_c39yen7-c39z3hf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i didn't mean omm as a direct treatment for cancer itself. jesus christ, i just told you that i spent my undergrad learning drug mechanisms, and you honestly believe me that i would use omm precisely to treat cancer? i have job shadowed a breast cancer oncologist in indianapolis who was the president of the american society of clinical oncology (asco). i have done research for two years as an undergrad for electives. i know how to use evidence-based medicine to treat pathology. i meant omm can help patients with edema by helping with restore lymph drainage from certain parts of the body. that's it.   why would my credentials not be as robust? i am responsible for the type of doctor i become, not my peers. it sounds like the battle between osteopathy and modern medicine is more prominent in your country than the us. the curriculum of a d.o. student here is indistinguishable from that of an m.d. the only difference is a couple omm classes.   and you have totally warped my "disprove" viewpoint from what it was originally intended. i gave you the hcg diet as an example to which there is ample evidence denouncing any efficacy of its ability to mobilize fatty acids in situ. you provided some articles showing that omm has no impact on cranial disorders, and i believe it. but i have at least attempted to give you articles showing that omm can have an impact on lower back pain. thus, you are trying to defame omm entirely. i am trying to show you that it has some credibility in lower back pain and edema.
t3_yew1p-t3_yew1p-c5uylcp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6684	my mum was diagnosed with breast cancer mid-last year. she was, and always will be a fighter. she took it head on, and lives today to tell the tale. she found herself inspired to live as healthy as possible.
t3_1t0u6d-t1_ce3dexl-ce3e00y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sure. i was the classic high school halo playing doritos eating, ign forum guy. i was north of 300 pounds when i graduated high school and never talked to a girl. i was sitting on my couch the summer before i started college and my mom came home and said she had just ran a marathon. i sat there thinking "my mom is 53, she's fighting breast cancer and out running marathons? what am i doing with myself?"  so i ran to the end of the drive way and back.   and then i ran to the corner and back.  then i ran it twice.  then to my friends house.  then 3 miles.   it just happened. my mom inspired me - and still does - but the opportunity to restart and go to college also motivated me. i made friends, met girls, and am dating a girl i want to marry. i wouldn't have gotten here without running, and it gave me the confidence i lacked forever. it helped me reshape my mind and my body.
t3_1el135-t1_ca1a1pe-ca1aans	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't think angelina jolie made her case seem common at all. from the article she wrote:  &gt; my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman.  &gt; only a fraction of breast cancers result from an inherited gene mutation. those with a defect in brca1 have a 65 percent risk of getting it, on average.
t3_463kps-t3_463kps-d026tek	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	how much time you got?  at my job, i get to help take raw materials like rubber and steel and make things like gaskets and gears.  modern life could not exist without things like gaskets and gears.  it also adds value to the economy, and by selling these things at a profit, i am creating wealth that i then use more or less directly to do the following:  stay healthy.  by eating well and exercising, i increase my personal happiness, make my wife more satisfied with her mate, set a good example for my child, and am more useful to my society.  travel.  by engaging in the world on a personal level, i satisfy my curiosity and longing for adventure, become a more informed citizen and voter, spread wealth in places that may need it, and appreciate the good things (and recognize the bad things) about my society and culture more through comparison.    read.  this includes time spent on the internet.  while entertaining, i've also found that the things i learn allow me to not only be more useful to my employer and service groups, but to be a better conversationalist, which helps me form more and deeper friendships.  volunteer.  in my spare time, i train with and serve with my local fire department.  while this helps protect my community and keeps my insurance rates down, it also fulfills my need for an honor group, physical challenge, and adventure.  and it keeps me active, allows me to learn things i otherwise wouldn't, and provides a pension for my old age.  when i can, i volunteer with a breast cancer foundation, which helps fund a cure and enlarges my social circle.  take care of my family.  this should be self-evident, but they are a great source of meaning and happiness to me.    i could go on, but i think that's a good overview.  how about you, op?
t3_4gbe55-t3_4gbe55-d2gsvja	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a lumpectomy with lymph node removal on the left breast, with a port-o-cath inserted on the right side of my chest. obviously my surgeries were far less drastic than yours, but it has taken my body more than a year to start feeling "normal" again, and even ~15 months later, there are still limitations on what i can do. be patient and careful with yourself.  i also just want to warn about lymphedema. lifting weights *might* be a trigger for it, or might make it worse. i lift while wearing a compression sleeve which is supposed to help minimize the risk. best of luck in your recovery.
t3_4tb4zw-t3_4tb4zw-d5gqobz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh good this shit again lmao  nintendo totally isn't useless garbage etc etc they tried to keep melee from being watched at evo 2013 but clearly they care about the community and scene now we should be thankful they didn't shut us down thanks nintendo etc etc the smash community is nothing without big brother we couldn't do it without their sick tweets and dank setups like smash didn't exist as a community at all until nintendo tried to shut it down after they fucking raised money for breast cancer and got themselves back into the biggest fighting game tournament thanks nintendo please send your lackeys to tweet about us again oh god more please etc etc it's a good thing they tweet about us and give us setups and nothing else otherwise the community would be spoiled etc etc it's for legal reasons etc etc
t3_du0qv-t3_du0qv-c12xjzb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree with this for everything but the wear purple day. wearing pink isn't going to make a cancer patient feel any better. (if i had breast cancer, i'd think something along the lines of : "oh, thanks for caring about my breast cancer.. doesn't really make it go away")  but  if wearing a purple shirt is going to make someone who is currently in the closet or is living with shit parents or is surrounded by fucked up people and seeing even just one person wear purple makes that person feel less alone and feel like there is at least one other person who does not hate them for being lgbt or q, then i've accomplished something by wearing purple.  **tldr;** wearing purple signifies support for the bullshit that the lgbtq community has to go through sometimes and it actually does have the power to make someone feel better about the shitty situation they might be in
t3_2xu6uk-t3_2xu6uk-cp3mw2n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but sex specific problems do happen.  if your sex is biologically male, then you are at risk for prostate cancer.  i'm biologically female and don't have to worry about that.  but i will have to worry about ovarian until i get them yanked out.  then i have to worry about breast cancer still, but that's not necessarily sex specific.  then there's other things like menopause and mitochondrial related issues that will only pass from a mother.  but it's not an attack on you.  it's just a part of life.  no one is telling you what your gender is when they talk about pregnancy or prostate cancer.  i mean, there was a man who had a child.    he still had a uterus and decided he would do that for his wife.    of course words start crisscrossing around the point where those are begun to be mentioned, but it's not because of you.  i can understand feeling the way you do though.  sometimes i feel a little strange too, but at the same time i'm a biology major going into a medical field, so i have this argument with myself all the time.  it can be a sensitive subject.  my suggestion is to separate sex and gender in your mind.  it might ease it a bit.  that's what i do.
t3_mwcbm-t1_c34drkj-c34e00i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	does that even exist? as far as i have learned from media and awareness campaigns, breast cancer is the only cancer that attacks sex organs. and it only attacks female breasts.
t3_xk4o5-t3_xk4o5-c5ndj2w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5959	my mom while still in treatment for breast cancer dealing with the sickness and such that comes with chemo, thanksgiving arrived and we said we would cook everything and she didnt have to do anything, she fought with us and demanded that we bring her stuff to help with so we didnt have so much to do, so we brought her the rolls and let her butter them, made sure to say how good they were, (they actually were butter is so awesome). just happy she was around for thanksgiving and still is around :3
t3_40thxw-t3_40thxw-cywz32w	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6674	is it normal to have multiple dreams about the same condition come true? i had three different dreams telling me i had breast cancer and to return to my doctors for addition testing with three breast cancers on three different occasions, after my doctors told me i was healthy and to go home. in my dreams spirit guides dressed as monks put my hand on my breast and asked, "do you feel that? that's breast cancer. you need exploratory surgery." then the monk-guide in the dream handed me a feather and told me to return to my doctor and use it as if it were  sword to cut through the medical reasons why i did not have cancer to get the surgery i needed. fortunately and unfortunately it worked. the exploratory surgery, which was against hospital policy and would not have happened without the aid of the monk dream guide, showed stage 2 aggressive cancer that was in my lymph node. five years later almost to the day, my monk dream guide told me it was back when again the doctors said ll tests showed i was healthy. a second set of test including an mri shed stage 4 terminal 9x11 cancerous area. i'm still here twelve years later to tell you dreams do come true. and although you may not want to believe in them, they believe in you. do you think this was just my imagination? kat kanavos
t3_1h2cc8-t3_1h2cc8-caqrklw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7902	my son is 4. we are very open with him and discuss it whenever he has questions. usually, it's just part of normal life for him and he doesn't think twice about mommy having cancer. i have metastatic breast cancer and have been in and out of treatment his whole life. i think that you'd be surprised how much they get. they may not understand the entire gravity of the situation but i have fielded many, many questions about death, dying, etc. children don't have any stigmas associated with cancer. we'll have company over and he'll say mom is tired and achey today. he just understands that there are good days and bad days but that there's no shame in any of it.   i think that being open has made him more comfortable because he can come to us with anything. if we don't have the answer, we just tell him that. there are some things that we just don't know. there's a great resource here that may help: http://www.cbcf.org/ontario/getinvolved/pages/what-about-my-kids.aspx
t3_zsbs8-t1_c67ak2m-c67ao6o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first of all, i'm very sorry for your loss, and hope her end was one of the more peaceful ones.  i didn't mean to offend anyone by this comic or say that pink ribbons are useless or stupid.  just as the title says, i was trying to make interesting conversation and it backfired badly.  my point was that i wanted to see more ribbons for other diseases and cancers.  i'm aware breast cancer is deadly, but there are other diseases that need more attention then they are getting now, just in my opinion.  again, i am very sorry for your loss, and i didn't mean to offend anyone.    i really am not a heartless ass... i suppose my opinion would be different if i had lost someone to breast cancer.
t3_2g4g95-t1_ckfrg9m-ckfte4k	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey, i totally agree that there's lots of room for cost saving in medicine, and that we should probably move toward a single-payer system for the vast mind-boggling improvements in efficiency that that would bring. (canada certainly seems to deliver comparable outcomes at a fraction of what the u.s. system costs. as a digression, however, i would be shocked if peter thiel supports single payer.)  my only objection was to the idea that health care hasn't improved in 40 years -- i.e. that the vast sums of money that we spend today gives us "the same (or even for less)". i mean, that's ridiculous! our treatments are *way* better. my grandmother was diagnosed with early stage breast cancer in the eighties, and she had to have a radical mastectomy because that was the only effective treatment that medicine could offer: physically and emotionally traumatic, incredibly painful, years of rehabilitation and she *still* struggles with the swelling in one side of her body from the mangling of her lymph system. my mother was diagnosed with more or less the same thing in the mid 2000s, and she had a tiny lumpectomy and a course of radiation. that is a *tremendous* difference in terms of human cost and human wellbeing! sure, we still haven't defeated aging and achieved immortality, so we still eventually die; nor has the fact changed that, as tragically mortal creatures with a mortal fear of death, we tend to be willing to throw vast sums of money at death to try to beat it back ever further. but that's because we are willing to do anything and everything to defeat death when our number is called, and when we have more money available to spend, and more kinds of sophisticated medical interventions to spend it on, we will choose to spend it!
t3_1ediaf-t1_c9z8n4d-c9ze8su	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there was an askreddit thread asking if people would do it if they got the same news and my answer was no, i wouldn't. perhaps i don't understand breast cancer but if a doctor tells me i have an extremely high risk of developing breast cancer, can't i go for check-ups more often and address the cancer if it happens? surgery is still dangerous. people die from routine surgeries. the risk of dying from mastectomy is lower than the risk of developing breast cancer but to me, if it's likely i have to get a mastectomy, why not wait until i know i have to?   i'm not saying i don't put any worth in having peace of mind. but as a 25 year old and no experience with cancer, *i* would have waited and been vigilant about going to check-ups. unless of course, it's a super aggressive cancer that can't be detected.
t3_vqcw8-t3_vqcw8-c571np9	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7503	i just hope no told you everything will be okay, it won't. it will hurt forever, it will just get easier over time.   my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer on a wednesday in april 2007, by friday she was in surgery getting a full mastectomy. after chemo, she was bad off, they tried tons and tons of different treatments, nothing worked for very long. eventually the cancer spread to her liver, it was over from their. she just went to sleep, it was peaceful and quiet. towards the end she was toking to keep up her appetite and a will to live. one thing i always regret is not being their for her more, my gf, now wife, was preggo and i was working tons and tons of hours. so all i have to say is it hurts like hell right now, and it hurt like hell for a long ass time, but it will get easier. and eventually it won't be all you think about, sadness won't be your one overwhelming emotion. just stay strong, stay active, and live your life to the fullest.    edit: my mom did get to meet my daughter for 3 months and no one in her entire life ever made her light up that way.
t3_15gw5t-t3_15gw5t-c7n3as1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i hate these stories. i have had stage iv inflammatory breast cancer for 15+ years. i've had numerous recurrences. i've been in hospice twice.  you're terminal when death is imminent. until then, you're just being treated for cancer.   stage iv cancer of today is absolutely not the stage iv cancer of 20 or even 10 years ago. people live and cancer can be a chronic disease.
t3_3whvjh-t1_cxwlxkw-cxx0xdo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you. it was kind of a bummer that it happened because the doctor herself has an incredible reputation as a top-notch reconstructive surgeon, but apparently her student was a little over zealous with the scalpel and once the nerve was damaged there was really no going back. otherwise, i had no regrets having the surgery done.   breast cancer runs in my family and if for some reason i end up with cancer on one side, i would make the same decision you are and have them both removed to be on the safe side. better to be proactive than reactive, you know?? good luck with your surgery and beyond. i wish you well.
t3_4zw2ds-t3_4zw2ds-d717b0c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7974	i have fibrocystic breasts and did multiple rounds of both clomid and femara. my boobs were definitely super sore and it did make the lumps feel much more pronounced, but i wouldn't describe it as particularly painful. the most nervewracking part, for me, is that i have a family history of breast cancer and my monthly self exams have basically been pointless because all i feel are lumps. my doc has me come in for clinical breast exams every 6 months to ease my mind.
t3_49i3n8-t1_d0s4i3a-d0s5bep	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6741	i never said i was the speech police. i can't control what people do and don't say. i never said i could or that i had the right too. i'm just asking people to empathize and to think about whether or not they really make a joke that might be considered in poor taste. as you said, context matters. who you're talking to and the setting you're in matters. however when you're dealing with the anonymity of the internet, it's assumed and should be assumed that whoever is apart of the audience could be someone with a serious condition who's sensitive about the subject.   i had an uncle sunny who would constantly joke and laugh about his colon cancer up until the end and took everything in stride. he never took it seriously, much like everything else in life. this was completely unlike my grandmother faced breast cancer. she never wanted to discuss it with anyone. she would wear wigs, dress up, and pretend she wasn't sick. she was basically in denial about it and never wanted anyone to see her without her hair and makeup.   what i'm saying is that different people handle situations differently. everyone has emotional responses to the situations they're put in. none of them are right or wrong, they just are. and because the scale can vary from jokes to denial, i think its better to respect the people on the more sensitive side of the scale when discussing the subject.  it's not about being "pc." no one's trying to control what you do and don't say. it's about being polite and respectful to people who may be more sensitive about the condition they're in.
t3_2fdedg-t1_ck86gqu-ck877ey	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7243	i was once told the same by a nurse during an annual physical. when i was diagnosed with breast cancer i mentioned it to my radiation oncologist and he said she was "smoking something." without me saying anything, my surgical oncologist said that amount of breast tissue makes a difference.
t3_2pgdor-t3_2pgdor-cmy7r5s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one: clean them every night before bed and dont sleep in them.  two: try a mastectomy bra, it has pockets to hold your forms so your skin can breathe. just rotate it into use on certain days (workouts, paired with blouse, etc)  three: if your using adhesive,  keep it clean. if not, try little talcum powder.  four: exfoliate before shaving
t3_256poh-t1_checwxw-chefgor	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fwiw, my 53-year-old partner was diagnosed with stage 4 (essentially terminal) ovarian cancer in 2005, and was told she only had a few months, chemo or not.  she chose to seek a second opinion, went on chemo no-holds-barred including various experimental ones, and was able to survive almost 5 years from diagnosis, with about 2/3 of that time being quality time in which she could live a satisfying life.  she also had the pleasure of knowing that she contributed to approval of a new chemo (topatecan) by taking the risk with it.  in contrast, my 76-year-old father was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer in april 2012, was recommended for chemo but also told that due to the cancer stage and his other ailments, he would likely only gain a few months, and would suffer a lot of side effects.  he chose not to seek a second opinion, declined to undergo chemo, entered the hospice program for comfort care, and died at home a couple months later with his family beside him, in july 2012.  i share this in part to make the point that individuals are individual, "cancer" is a broad category that includes many forms, diagnoses, stages, and "chemo" also takes many forms.  for people who are diagnosed with early stage breast or ovarian cancer, chemo may lead to permanent remission or "cure."  or chemo may be pointless, as my father (probably rightly) decided it was.  but there are many areas of grey in between.
t3_27pbrm-t3_27pbrm-ci3ap39	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7535	thank you to everyone for posting. science and math have always been my passion and two of my grandparents had breast cancer and seeing what it did to my family and the final cancer-free prognosis made me realize that i wanted to help in any manner i could. bioengineering seemed the best route but i'm not entirely sure how to get there. it seems like a phd would be beneficial.
t3_2tv5a8-t3_2tv5a8-co2n51s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi there!   asymmetry is very very common, in-fact having perfectly symmetrical breasts is rare! you seem to have a more serious case of asymmetry than usual, but you still have options to have a well fitting bra!  bear in mind, you should *always* fit your largest breast.   you can buy inserts (sometimes called chicken fillets!) to put into bras. you put this into the cup on your smaller side, to balance thigns out.  alternatively, you can buy mastectomy bras. which come in increasingly prettier styles   however, before you do any of these things, you need to figure out which size to buy!   do your best to measure yourself (which will be challenging, we understand), according to the side bar. [the beginners guide](http://www.reddit.com/r/abrathatfits/wiki/beginners_guide) will help you here.   post your measurements back here, and we can help you further with some bras.
t3_45lo2i-t3_45lo2i-czypku3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sorry you're going through this.  i moved from san diego to the bay area when my mom was diagnosed with stage iv breast cancer and stayed for the 3.5 years she was sick. she passed away last july but i'm still kind of trapped here because i would need to line up another job to move back. it's been rough since i don't have other family or a social network up here, but i still don't regret getting to spend as much time with her and help her out as much as i was able to.  is there a job market for your career field where you're at? might it be possible to stay with her without impacting your career too significantly?  regarding your support group (your friends, i think?), i think it's very difficult for folks who haven't gone through something similar to know what to say or how to act. at your age, it's unlikely many, or even any, of your peer group have lost a parent. this happened to me between the ages of 36-40, and even then, none of my friends have lost anyone that close to them. finding an actual support group for caregivers may be a good idea. the institution your mom is enrolled with may be able to put you in touch with a local group.
t3_2hnwrf-t3_2hnwrf-ckuomfe	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7583	i had a bilateral mastectomy in 2011 for breast cancer at age 31.  those expanders were so uncomfortable! but the silicone are now comfortable and i have had great cosmetic results. have you thought about what size you want to be? i was a 34d before and asked for around a c cup. i had 600 ccs placed on both size. because of the width i measure about a 34dd although i think they look more like a c cup. also, after my diagnosis i attended a young women's bc support group and i found that more helpful.
t3_wj9de-t3_wj9de-c5dxzvj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.742	i don't know if my story is entirely what this thread is about - i don't know if what i did to make a dying woman happy was truly a good thing to do or not.   basically, it was two weeks before christmas and i was at the airport to catch a flight to attend an interview for med school. there was bad snow outside and so most flights were delayed. in the departure lounge, this random woman came up to me and started talking to me, and we got embroiled in conversation. she was probably around 40 or so - and really skinny. her forearm was just skin wrapped around bone, not much flesh there. she asked where i was headed, and so i explained. she got all excited and asked all about what i wanted to do as a doctor. as it happened, i wanted to be an oncologist (a cancer doctor).  now, this is when she told me all about how she had end stage breast cancer and was at the airport to have a final holiday in the sun before she died. this explained why she was so skinny, it must have been a tough regime of chemotherapy to treat this and obviously all in vain. i couldn't speak, partially because i was getting emotional and partially because she wouldn't stop talking.   she described all about how she kept seeing different doctors to try and get different diagnoses, but they all got the same result. she kept insisting to me the lump was an infected biopsy scar or something, all the while i was just smiling and nodding. it became increasingly obvious she was in denial of our illness or just not fully grasping what it was - her descriptions of her understanding of what cancer is were not very sound.  this lack of understanding seemed to extend to me as well - she considered my opinion (me, a potential medical student at the time) and the opinions of multiple qualified oncologists in the same regard. i can only assume this was out of desperation. she was obviously nearly in tears by now. when she asked me what i thought it was, i couldn't think - my head was up to this point a mess of actual oncological science for the interview and this was now coupled with overwhelming sympathy for this woman.  so i blurted out "there's always a degree of clinical error, and cancer is a very complicated disease. what doctors say doesn't always pan out," followed by a weak smile. her smile however was huge, she reached out and gave me the biggest hug. she was streaming tears and heaping thanks on me.   at this point, my dad was calling because our flight was getting ready to board. i explained to her that i had to go, and wished her all the best. she thanked me one last time and i walked off, waving goodbye to this woman whom i had left much happier than when i had met her. but i knew it was almost certainly false hope i had given her; but at least she had been given a bit of happiness for her last holiday.  i'm now in med school, and know doctors shouldn't lie to patients - only seek to make them comfortable with dying with counselling and meds, not with false hope.  there you go reddit, that was how i made someone involuntarily cry with joy. but i don't think it was truly an act  of kindness.
t3_slt2y-t1_c4fy1pw-c4fyn3e	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8119	i'm sorry to have made my reply about myself; i had simultaneously made a post about my third possible diagnosis, and it happens to be thyroid as well. (i find out tomorrow.) so, when you wrote and it came up on my phone, i thought that you were actually replying to my post. sorry to be an insensitive ass. that having been said, your answer was very helpful to me.   i was in the situation with my first breast cancer where there was something of a gamble about whether to have chemo. i had had surgery and radiation, but, long story, i essentially had to wait for two years to know whether or not we chose correctly. it seems that we did, bit the psychic pressure of waiting for the disease to grow was well-nigh unbearable. i was 31, and it led to all sorts of bad behaviors on my part. it's alot of pressure to live with, though i am happy to be able to live. and guilty about it. it's a tough thing to deal with and i got myself a therapist after my 4th year of survival when it became apparent to me that my coping skilss were less than robust. i've been with this therapist for almost 9 years and it has made a very big difference. it's a huge load to carry. hang in there.
t3_bwbp0-t3_bwbp0-c0owbba	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my partner was diagnosed with very severe ovarian cancer in 2005, which had progressed to her neck by the time it was discovered.  i think that in your case, like ours, it makes it more difficult that a person who, in your mind, was previously healthy and strong very suddenly is transformed into someone who may die soon.  the feelings are very strong and difficult to explain to someone who hasn't been there.  your whole life changes in front of your eyes.  you want to tell people what you are going through but there simply don't seem to be the right words.  if you say "my mom has cancer . . ." or "my partner has cancer" you are leaving out most of what is hurting you.    you know it is very severe but you don't want to be pessimistic. then, you know there is no hope but you want to hope.  you are thinking about life and death and everyone around you is thinking about what they're going to do this weekend.  they are all a million miles away from where you are.  you don't know how to reach back there, because your life will never be the same again.  you are a different person now and you're pretty sure they won't understand.  i remember when she was going in for her biopsy, and we told some friends.  one of them said, "maybe it is just a swollen gland."  gloria just looked down at her plate.  i said, "no.  it's not just a swollen gland."  i felt angry and hurt that she could trivialize the experience.  people are sometimes trying to give you hope about a serious illness, but when there is truly no hope it is frustrating to deal with people who -- looking at the paradigm of more treatable and higher-profile cancers like breast and testicular -- assume your partner is just going to have a few months of chemo and radiation and then y'all will be fun again.  a serious illness of a loved one, such as your mother, is a transformative event.  it will continue to transform you in ways you cannot now anticipate.  of course you don't have words for that.  you haven't been there yet.  gloria lived much longer than she, i or her physicians would have predicted.  she died march 14 - last month - in our living room, in a portable hospital bed, with our cats on her blanket and me beside her.  you do not want to think about what you have to think about in order to explain to people that this is your worst fear.  that you won't be strong enough.  that you won't be there enough.  that you'll fail your mom.  that you'll fail you.  that you will be more alone than you've ever been before.    just keep walking.
t3_nxjm1-t1_c3cqrgk-c3cr1ns	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have two big qualms with the breast cancer campaigning industry. 1.the money raised [doesn't always go into real research](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/10/25/susan-g-komen-under-fire-_n_773796.html), and there are few accountability measures. 2. there is very little support for actual survivors outside of their doctors.   the campaigns are too busy 'raising awareness'  to let actual patients know what to expect once they've lost their breasts or gone through the draining radiation therapies. families and friends don't know how to interact with survivors because the commercials for a cure only picture 'strong and beautiful young daughters who have lost female role models' and very rarely depict survivors.
t3_43ajfa-t3_43ajfa-czhlce1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	freshman year of college i got paired up with a girl from illinois to be my roommate. this was nearly 12 years ago so all our interaction before moving in together was through instant message and emails. she seemed pretty normal. she described herself as being tall, short blonde hair, and really athletic. she also told me her younger brother died in a freak accident over the summer (she said he died in june and we moved into college at the end of august). i had genuine sympathy for her.   so we move in and this short, chubby girl with long stringy brown hair in pigtails comes in. my new roommate, mia. hmmm... ok, not what i was picturing but ok.    at first she seemed normal. she had a really annoying fake baby voice that she used around people but would talk normal to just me in our dorm room. around november her crazy began to show.    1. she only ate pickles. she was obsessed with pickles and would also talk about how they're 0 calorie food and she can eat as much as she wants without the pickles causing her to gain weight. it bordered on eating disorder she was so obsessive about the damn 0 calorie pickles.    2. she began telling people that i was the other with eating issues!!! at one point she even introduced me to someone as "this is prudieb, she's anorexic". wtf? there was no truth to this and even if there was - not okay to announce an issue like that.   3. stole money but tried to act innocent. it was common for fraternities/sororities/clubs to come around dorm to dorm and request donations for their philanthropies or community service projects. i came back from class one day and mia tells me "i donated $10 for you to breast cancer awareness". and she's smiling all smug. it was really weird. i assumed she meant she's donated $10 in my name so i just said thank you and thought nothing of it. i start taking my shoes off and she keeps going on (it was like she was just bursting, looking for a fight). mia said "i know where you keep your money. in that bag in the back of your closet. i took $10 out and gave it to them for the cause."  um, what????? i was piss poor in college. ten dollars was a lot of money and she just took it. i had a cell phone, she could have called me and asked. not to mention that money was hidden as part of my emergency stash. she wasn't supposed to know about it. that meant she was clearly snooping through my things - like really snooping because that hiding spot was tucked behind everything in the deep dark depths of my personal closet (we didn't share a closet so it's not like she could have accidentally stumbled across it). she also went on to steal my makeup which i would be willing to share somethings but home girl was gross - didn't wash her hair, her face, or even her bedsheets. she never washed her sheets from move in up until she went home for christmas. i do not want my make up brushes touching that skin. gross.    4. spring arrives. we both rush a sorority (2 different sororities). i immediately was selected by my number 1 choice and mia was not  for any sorority because she was so socially awkward and sorry to say just dirty and not very appealing as a person. mia lost it. she would go on screaming rampages over the most bizarre things such as me leaving and coming back from class (yes, she just didn't like my class schedule  because i had friday afternoon off). she would turn all the lights on and blast country music through all hours of the night. the best was when she'd turn on the lights and music and then leave to study in the dorm lounge. i would turn off the lights and music because, you know, it's 2 am on a wednesday and she's come back and scream at me for daring to touch her music.   5. mia really lost it and turned to using her brother's death for attention. remember she's told me he died in june in an accident? another girl on our hall was told he was kidnapped. someone else was told he had cancer. another person heard it was suicide. and the timeline was all over the place. he died in july, no he died over christmas break, no he's still alive. part of me wanted to confront mia but i just felt so much pity for her.   i finally went to our dorm manager and said mia has to go or i need to go. i couldn't take the sleepless nights anymore and the random screaming rants (she became fixated on the sink in our dorm and insisted i was clogging it on purpose to bother her).  the dorm manager got mia a special room by herself in the "quiet" dorm so she could hopefully calm herself.  mia did not come back for sophomore year.
t3_2e1pyn-t3_2e1pyn-cjvdtbk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my reasons for not transitioning aside, do not let *your* finances be the barrier if you want to transition. there is a neurochemical aspect to being trans that you will be missing out on. look at other options if you're really worried about money.  as far as non-transitioning, i will say this. i'm in my 40s and i'm happy enough. additionally, i'm happier than i have been in 20 years. i'm on antiandrogens but not estrogen regularly. my reasons for non-transitioning are very clear-cut and specific though and have nothing to do with my personal fear:  my work life is easier as male. significantly. presenting as male allows me to be slack in a usually very demanding job.  i have a high incidence of breast cancer in my family (as in almost every female). going into puberty in my 40s with technology as it currently is stands a very good chance of cutting my life short and increasing my personal worry and stress level. (see below, however).  i want to have a baby. current medical technology does not allow this. (see below)  however - and my spouse already knows this - if they find a working cure for bc and a way to install a nice after-market uterus, i am going to transition.
t3_xmlfn-t3_xmlfn-c5nw4g0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when she fell for my brother (who liked her but she said that she only saw him as a friend) and once my brother lost interest, she decided that in order for him to notice her was to stop being friends with me.  if was the most painful experience i've ever gone through because we knew each other since i was 7. i was with her as her mom got pregnant and got sick with breast cancer, then colon cancer and faced the fear that she would die.   then one day i'm not enough for her as a friend. she would talk to everyone else and pretty much ignore me, stopped making plans with me. we would be in the same room together and instead of sitting with me, she would sit elsewhere and would be taking pictures and laughing and acting as if i was nonexistent. my relationship with her suffered but also my brothers friendship with her younger brother suffered (my brother and her brother were best friends too). in the end, i felt worthless.  this screwed me up greatly because it has given me trust issues with people, fearing that they'll do the same thing. and my greatest fear has always been that because i'm not the skinniest person or the prettiest person, why would someone want to be my friend? her acting this way confirmed that nobody would want to be friends with a fat girl and this is something that i struggle with daily, feeling i'm not good enough to have friends.  fortunately, i've slowly moved on, even though every time i see her, all those hurt feelings come back. i've realized that just because she was my best friend and my "sister", people grow and change, and even though she might make her life seen amazing and exciting, it's just a cover to hide how sad she really is because things haven't worked out for her like she wanted them to.
t3_3hk8l3-t3_3hk8l3-cu84eu9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father had stage 3 breast cancer. his chemo regime was the same as mine tac but i was given much more than him because of the size and aggressive nature of my breast cancer. he got through chemo better then i did because of the dose, so i think it's important for you to remember that you are probably not having a high dose of chemo because of the early stage of your tumor (that's an assumption of course). so try to take it one day at a time. some days will be better than others but it will be over before you know it and you have age on your side. and as a 32 year old,  age has meant a quick recovery.  also, i was afraid of the same things as you, heart damage and a low immune system.  as far as the heart damage,  again,  you have youth on your side so you are more likely to be able to take it. a low immune system sucks and you have to go to emergency if you get a fever (which i had to do a few times because of viruses i got from my kids) but it is just a precaution and i was pumped with antibiotics and sent home the next day. so it's not as big a deal as you might be thinking.  just a bit if caution to avoid sick people should be enough.   finally, marijuana is illegal here but i had a small "just in case" stash during chemo. i never needed it. the anti nausea medications are excellent and i never once had my head in the toilet. i wouldn't push your doctor to get any. if you tell you doctor what's going on at each visit, it should be easy to keep on top of your symptoms as they arise. and if you take up resources like psychology to help you with your anxiety you should get through just fine. using marijuana for anxiety would ultimately end up giving you more trouble because it will numb the anxiety instead of allowing you to deal with it.   i hope i have helped. good luck with everything.  it sounds like you will be alright ... you got it early :)
t3_amys4-t1_c0ifw89-c0ifwuz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	(1) i am not angry at all. i just find it incredibly pointless and ineffective.   (2) who said anything about feminism? not i.. i couldn't care less.  (3) what did your participation in the viral marketing campaign achieve? did people message you to say "thank you for letting me know what color your bra is, i have donated money to a breast cancer survivor fund in your honor?" or "thank you for bringing breast cancer to my attention, i was unaware" or did you post your bra color on facebook and then go give yourself a self exam?   i don't feel excluded in the least. i'm disappointed by what has been referred to in the comments here as "slacktivism" and people who think that by posting their bra color on facebook they can pat themselves on the back for doing a good deed for the day.  it is a totally false sense of accomplishment and an absolutely asinine way for people to feel like they are making a difference.   ( not a personal slam on you for participating, that is my take on the whole thing.)  i've said this already but what is the point of "getting people talking" when most people here are agreeing about how pointless and ineffective it is? this conversation is hardly about how we should all go out and do something and how "aware" we all are now and how supportive we want to be.
t3_26edkz-t1_chqc682-chqcmtt	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm in remission, but they're still rebuilding me. i had breast cancer. my last surgery was 5/9/14. i still have one drain tube hanging out of me. i have one more surgery left to go, so i can have a matching set. i don't care what size they are, just as long as they're even!  the freaky thing is that once you've had cancer in your body, they are constantly testing you for everything. i feel like a professional patient. i should probably be on the payroll at the hospital, and have my own parking spot, i'm there so often.  i have a lot to be grateful for. it has really altered how i look at life, in the best possible way. thanks for asking.
t3_27kdi-t1_c27ne8-c27nss	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6723	that isn't the view of nutritionists. i had stage iv inflammatory breast cancer and ever through my tumor tested estrogen receptor (er-) negative, i was advised by two different nutritionists, one at shands (uf) and the other at vanderbilt, to specifically avoid the phytoestrogens because of the risk. no soy anything for this girl.
t3_3hkggg-t3_3hkggg-cu86vwb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	up way too early for work...but the doggy needed to pee! damn him, always needing to eat and poop and stuff :)  i am not looking forward to work at all. and tomorrow is a day off, and our 2nd anniversary, but it's going to suck for a while first. i don't get to sleep in because i have an appointment at 8 in the morning to see if i have breast cancer :( then the dog goes to the vet. then training. then hopefully we can go out our something to celebrate.
t3_3vmmug-t1_cxp519c-cxpszlu	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have one of those rarer breast cancer genes.  i'm positive for rad50 and nras.  i'm a month out from a double mastectomy.  i was diagnosed 6 months ago with breast cancer at age 31 so mine wasn't preventative.  the nras came as a surprise after they found a nodule on my thyroid during a pet scan.  having a thyroidectomy on friday.  rare genetic mutations suck because the best information you get from most doctors is, "ummm, i dunno? it's up to you." as a patient, i hate being told it's my choice.  i feel like i don't have anywhere near enough information to make these decisions.
t3_1tcsd8-t1_ce6qtip-ce6s00c	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5006	woman can most definitely get breast reconstruction, however these reconstructed breasts won't include nipples. which you could imagine would be quite distressing to a woman. obviously not as distressing a dying from breast cancer. i don't know about op's experience with breast cancer, but in my family alone i have had 3 family members struggle with breast cancer (one is now deceased because of it) my best friends mother died of breast cancer, and another 3 of my friends mothers are currently struggling with breast cancer. so i personally am grateful for the awareness campaigns and funding for breast cancer.
t3_1o2tdo-t3_1o2tdo-ccogcb1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the problem i have with the whole breast cancer awareness campaign in sports is that men are three times more likely to get cancer than women. i have no problem with money being raised to help fight cancer, but it's kind of insulting if you really think about it. it's clearly just a marketing gimmick.
t3_3wd59b-t1_cxvhjcz-cxvtr8k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	always ask what percentage of your donation goes to the actual charity.  if they say 100% -- that's bullshit.  even if the caller is a volunteer, someone is paying for telephone, heat, etc.  i had some breast cancer charity call, and they told me 5% of my donation went to research (or whatever.)  i laughed them off the phone.  around thanksgiving, someone called about donating money to buy toys for kids with cancer in the hospital.  who would make up such a thing, right?  must be legit.  "sounds good, but what organization are you with?"  "um, we're collecting money to buy toys for kids with cancer in the hospital."  "yeah, but who are you *with*?"  "oh, i'm with chi*click*" -- they hung up on me.
t3_2c1a7l-t1_cjb1k89-cjb1ruv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	did thou just google wbc and see what popped up--this is for the westboro baptist church ama to come and i am telling people to ignore it and getting them used to seeing it so they can ignore it and what does this have to do with breast cancer exactly??
t3_2e10mb-t1_cjwdlgg-cjxdgrp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6858	prosthetics are so fascinating. his company is currently engineering a new liner for the residual limb (nicer than saying stump? lol) to increase comfort. lots of possibilities. i just got a total hip replacement and orthopedics are also interesting. i will likely need several joints replaced due to damage from treatment. i feel amazing just 2 months out from replacement. i will be the bionic woman. oh, btw, i had breast cancer followed by leukemia. sometimes it feels like i could just sit around waiting for the next bad thing to happen but i don't live like that. i just do the next thing.
t3_3ygu6y-t3_3ygu6y-cyddc0y	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7572	from the top of my shoulder blade down my back 14 inches, then up around my ribs, across my chest to my sternum, then down in both directions and across in both directions. about 36 inches total. i'm not counting the other side, which has about 12 inches of scar, up, down and across.   yeah, breast cancer sucks, but reconstruction sucks worse. if you are ever faced with this decision, just say no to litisimus (spelling might be wrong) reconstruction. it is evil and useless. oh, and you lose all sensation in your back and fake boob too. its like having a sack of flour strapped to your chest....that is, until the back muscle still attached to your shoulder pulls the stupid thing under your arm. then, you get to go have more surgery, unless you want a fake, dead, underarm boob..... boooo to the fake boob!!!  ok, rant over.
t3_345bay-t3_345bay-cqrgrrm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7752	i did this over and over and over and over and over in my head and never actually did anything until my blood pressure went through the roof, my thyroid died, i have degenerative disc disease that becomes worse with weight, &amp; i was diagnosed with a breast tumor in 2010 which i had to have removed, &amp; i was diagnosed with nerve damage in my brain last year and a brain tumor in january... i watched my grandmother and my mother in law pass away from diseases and cancer related to smoking and being unhealthy. my point is until you find a way to stop coming up with excuses and realizing that you yourself is the only person that is going to be able to change anything in your own life nothing is going to change. whether you're reaching out with friends or checking messages, or feeling frustrated because nobody has contacted you these are all things that you might need to address separately? and from my experience when i'm checking my phone to see if anybody cares is because i have stopped caring about myself and i want others to make me feel like i'm worth something. but they're not going to do that and it's not their job to they shouldn't. however you are very important person. you are unique in the things you want to say matter. your health is extremely important and you deserve a really long life. you deserve to lose weight and feel good about yourself. you deserve to go to the gym and have fun, you deserve to go join a baseball team and go meet new people that have similar interest that are active and positive. but maybe, you need to put your phone down. you need to turn it off. and stick it in your glove box when you leave to go find what it is that makes you happy. because you're not going to find it through social media. at some point i had to realize that the only person standing in my way was myself.
t3_1bjo2q-t1_c979t5x-c97cx7k	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer.  i opted for the lumpectomy instead of the  mastectomy.  i did so because i didn't want implants.  i know some women aren't fortunate enough to have that option.  but, since i have large breasts naturally, they were able to preserve 90% (maybe more) of my right side, and the left was untouched.   you really don't notice it much.  there is a bit of an indentation, but it's okay.    i will say the bf usually doesn't mess with the right side because he knows i have a lot of very painful spots from the nerves being all cut to hell, but he doesn't mind it when he forgets and goes with it.   if i had the full mastectomy, i might have done the implants.  i just don't think i would have done the "grapefruits on plywood" look.
t3_1l1k1k-t3_1l1k1k-cbuu56v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a female that recently found a large lump in my breast. it ended up being dense tissue. really scared me for a while, considering the size and the fact that it seemed to come out of nowhere. i don't know your age or your life, or i would tell you what everyone told me "you're young and healthy. both of those things are on your side. no matter what happens, you have the strength and youth to deal with it." i know this doesn't help you know if you have cancer or not, but it really helped me realize that i have people behind me and a lot going for me to deal with what might happen.  again, i don't know your age, but i did learn that girls in their early 20s (around 23 actually) do have denser breast tissue. it's why they typically don't start mammograms until later. i know your a guy, but maybe this is the same for guys? if you're in your 20s, it might just be dense tissue. but still get it checked out.
t3_2vuolh-t3_2vuolh-col70x5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she could have a mastectomy and reconstruction without having cancer. some people do it in hopes preventing cancer, like angelina jolie (she just got a mastectomy). and maybe seeing that awful movie was important to her and she wrapped her boobs in a bunch of gauze. or...you know, maybe she drained all of the fluid and went to the movie?
t3_2dlm8w-t3_2dlm8w-cjqtx8b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had my first scare at 20. it was a cystic fibroadenoma, which i have since found out runs heavily in the women of my family (both my mother and sister have them oddly enough in the same breast as i do). i knew going into this that i had no history of breast cancer in my family and that coupled with my age reduced my chance of actually having cancer to an extremely low rate, but it was still a harrowing experience until after i received the results.   i'm so very glad you're tests also showed no serious conditions!
t3_2iujtw-t3_2iujtw-cl5n0ze	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i definitely have mixed feelings. i still think daily, "how did i get saliva gland cancer? i didn't even know it existed!" granted, it's a rare cancer. but i do feel like breast cancer does steal the attention from other cancers. on the other hand, i have had three family members with breast cancer, and they have benefited immensely from the community breast cancer awareness has created. who am i to argue with that? there's also the fact that woman's health education and healthcare has long been neglected.  i guess the best possible scenario for me would be funding and education for all cancers.  here's a good article: http://www.theguardian.com/lifeandstyle/2010/jan/02/cancer-positive-thinking-barbara-ehrenreich
t3_bbwsz-t3_bbwsz-c0m16n2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oi.  source link?  (i personally suspect you just copy-pasted from [this here blog](http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/03/06/cancer-funding-does-it-add-up/), which doesn't have a link either - awfully familiar looking table.)  i couldn't find a breakdown of funding per case or per death on the nci website.  i did find [here](http://obf.cancer.gov/financial/attachments/06factbk.pdf) (pdf) fy06 numbers for new cases, deaths, and total funding.  from there i arrived at some different numbers.  if anyone wants to check my math, feel free!  type -- funding (mill) -- new cases -- funding/case -- deaths -- %mortality -- funding/death  brain &amp; central nervous system  -- 130.3 -- 20,500 -- $6356 -- 12,740 -- 62.1% -- $10228  breast cancer -- 584.7 -- 180,510 -- $3239 -- 40,910 -- 22.7% -- $14268  cervical cancer -- 83.3 -- 11,150 -- $7471 -- 3,670 -- 32.9% -- $22708  hodgkins disease -- 20.9 -- 8,190 -- $2552 -- 1,070 --13.1% -- $19481  leukemia -- 223.5 -- 44,240 -- $5052 -- 21,790 -- 49.3% -- $10247   liver cancer -- 62.7 -- 19,160 -- $3272 --16,780 -- 87.6%  -- $3735  lung cancer -- 242.9 --213,380 -- $1138  -- 160,390  -- 75.2% -- $1513  melanoma --108.0 -- 59,940 -- $1802 -- 8,110 -- 13.5% -- $13348  multiple myeloma -- 30.3 -- 19,900 -- $1523 -- 10,790 -- 54.2% -- $2810  non hodgkin's lymphoma -- 114.1 -- 63,190 -- $1806 -- 18,660 -- 29.5% -- $6122  ovarian cancer -- 95.1 -- 22,430 -- $4240 -- 15,280 -- 68.1% -- $6226  pancreatic cancer --74.2 --37,170 -- $1996 -- 33,370 -- 89.8% -- $2223  prostate cancer -- 293.2 -- 218,890 -- $1339 -- 27,050 -- 12.4% -- $10798  stomach cancer -- 11.5 -- 21,260 -- $541 -- 11,210 -- 52.7% -- $1027  uterine cancer -- 19.4 -- 39,080 -- $496 -- 7,400 --18.9% -- $2624  first off, i got slightly different numbers from those in the blog entry listed above.  i'm interested to know if she did the math there, or if she in her turn pulled that table (or pieced it together) from another source.  anyway, op.  for one thing, breast cancer is *not* the highest funded cancer listed here - per case or per death.  you were incorrect about that.  furthermore, assuming you have a prostate, are you comfortable with the fact that prostate cancer receives far more funding than a host of other, deadlier cancers (including ovarian and uterine)?  do you think there is a real justification for it, or a non-sexist reason for it?  that is, do you see how asinine your flippant little inquiry is?  why should we feel responsible for some perceived gap in funding because we have breasts?  *i know my list is not the prettiest thing to look at, but fuck it, i'm going to dance class.
t3_1qjhyt-t3_1qjhyt-cdde5yd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	summary comes from user [2akurate](http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1qinkd/the_most_wtf_medical_story_in_human_existence/cddbmjx):  **"goes to va (department of veteran affairs, run by federal government) day surgery to get ovary's removed. surgeon opens her up cuts a piece of her colon and closes her without sewing the colon. they kept calling this doctor's office for 3 days because she didn't feel okay and each time the office told her it was all in her head, it was the ptsd talking. she was septic, the insides of her colon were leaking into her body and she was slowly dying. in fact she did die and went into a coma.**  **she goes to another va hospital to which she had to drive an hour and a half to get herself resected. after the surgery she keeps telling the head of the hospital (also her surgeon) that she feels a terrible pain in her upper leg/groin area. the surgeon makes her visit him 5 times in 15 months and each time she visits the only thing he does is pull up her shirt in the waiting room, look at the scar and tell her "so you've got a funny scar, get over it, you've got ptsd".**  **in an emergency room in boston she meets an intern who could immediately recognize the woman as having 2 huge hernias, she arranges a scan and in the process finds an ovary riddled with cancer. the doctor who started this whole thing, didn't even take out her ovaries. he cut her up, snipped her colon sowed her belly and told her everything was fine. she came in with the express intention of getting her ovaries removed and left mutilated with a life threatening condition.**  **the cancer had moved to her lymph nodes, she had to have another surgery done by a whole team. a year later she again had more hernias, and the surgeon put in a sheath (one that the fda recommended). the sheath cut her bladder in half and reinfected her abdomen with urine to be septic again. a few months later they put in another sheath, that sheath attached itself to the scar tissue of her diaphragm and rolled up pulling her intestines with it. both of these sheaths got recalled after her debacle.**  **meanwhile while they are butchering this woman's insides her kidney fails because of all the infection and drugs they were giving her. they took half of it.**  **following all that she found another lump in her breast, she already had one in 1997. she had another mastectomy and lympectomy.**  **her abdominal muscles died and the only thing holding her intestines in is cadaver skin which has an expiration date of 3 to 5 years. right now she's at that 5th year. all of this has resulted in her having to sell her house and moving into a small camper vehicle.**  **then she goes into what i believe to be events from before all of this surgery stuff and she talks about how her military boss raped her for 12 hours in a vault. the boss claimed she had shut off all cameras in the vault and went psychotic.**  **so they put her in a straight jacket and with an ambulance brought her to a psych ward where she was kept for 115 days. her relatives thought she had died. all her belongings were confiscated and went missing, she had nothing. in those 115 days she was given overdoses of lithium and haldol. dosages that caused her to have grand mal seizures every morning and every night. and all they wanted was for her to sign one sheet of paper that said she made up her rape, and that it was her fault, that she joined the military already mentally defected. her mother got her out by calling a senator and a congress woman."**
t3_dyehe-t3_dyehe-c13w7c9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think the better question is why breast cancer and not prostate cancer? i have nothing against breast cancer awareness, but you would think the cfl's audience would get more out of prostate cancer awareness or something like that.
t3_1jnlao-t1_cbghbyg-cbgmznb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7956	iama lawyer who used to look better than a hooter's girl. i was mistaken for a stripper more than once, and i have always dressed conservatively because of the boobage. here it comes (you knew this was going to happen): i had breast cancer before i was 40. boobs are gone, i'm alive. thank you, brain! thank you, thank you.
t3_447bsq-t1_czof7py-czow2nu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	which implies no linkage. obviously a tiny exposure to cadmium and/or arsenic won't give you anything. a large dose of arsenic will kill you.  anything in between is a coincidence until shown to do something, which makes testing for it mostly pointless.  lead, otoh, is known to be bad news. continuous exposure to asbestos is also bad. smoking obviously is bad.  cadmium and arsenic exposure? you might as well blame their breast cancer on bromides, which are people are exposed to even more.
t3_1c8avq-t1_c9e43ob-c9e5a6i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5911	i have a dear friend who had breast cancer at age 27 and sgk was there to pay for all of her medical needs. i'm cool with them for saving my friend.
t3_2i1w9e-t1_ckz7ynt-ckzpess	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes.  very happy.  but mainly wanted to post to spread awareness.  i had no idea of the types of breast cancer before and did not understand the seriousness as a systemic disease.  probably skipped a mammogram before.  oops.
t3_4je8z0-t3_4je8z0-d35wned	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7379	people whose identity becomes wrapped up in being sick. i have this old co-worker who had breast cancer a few years ago. this was five or more years ago. during that time she would constantly update people on facebook on her doctor's appointments, if she wasn't feeling well, if she couldn't sleep, etc. and it has just never, ever stopped. she still checks in and every appointment she has - this is now none cancer related stuff. the last one being a sinus infection. she checked in for her appointment then posted a follow up about how the appointment went, etc. i would say 90% of her posts are like this. it's like she got addicted to all the attention she got when she had cancer and so she just constantly talks about every minor problem she has.   i have another friend who, while not on facebook much, constantly talks about her health problems. her migraines, her tmj, her fibromyalgia, insomnia, etc, etc. she's only about 30. she has back surgery in high school, and her entire life has revolved around health problems. i feel bad for her. she tries dating but can't seem to figure out why nothing ever works out beyond a few dates. she barely talks about anything other than her health problems.   in fairness, this shouldn't really "grind my gears". it's none of my business how other people live their life or what they focus their lives on, but i just feel that it's such a pity when people just identify as their problems, instead of just as a multi faceted person who happens to have health problems.
t3_2maayk-t3_2maayk-cm2p22m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's a really ambitious statement. it may *compete* with baseball someday, maybe 50 years down the line, but it will never overtake either sport -- especially american football.  there is far too much money invested in football for soccer to ever compete with it. think about it; the sport of american football is absolutely filled with egotistical, money-hungry characters like roger goodell. whenever that man does eventually decide to vacate his position (which won't be for at least another 15 years) he will find someone just as evil and corrupt as himself to be successor. the goal will always be *more* money. as every player learns from their time in the league, the nfl is a business. that fact is mentioned in almost every interview.  it's about the kind of sponsorships that football has. soccer will never be able to keep up with football's popularity as long as football has the backing of every truck company, beer manufacturer, major insurance provider, and breast cancer affiliate. football is also broadcast on a national level -- with fox, cbs, nbc, and of course espn covering every single game. baseball, on the other hand, has to rely upon smaller, more local sports networks to get the games to the people.  if you live in the boston area, for example, you probably aren't be able to watch your favorite los angeles-based team play every night. this may be the reason that soccer eventually catches up to baseball's popularity in the states, as well as the fact that baseball is played 7 months out of the year. it's much easier to lose interest in baseball than football, which is played a mere 17 weeks in the fall.
t3_3hw3vu-t1_cubiij0-cubqovq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi! lots of good questions. i have been focusing primarily on treatments for breast cancer actually, as there are multiple treatment options available, so it's a good data point to examine. terminal illness has a layer of complexity added, because it is a context in which the central goals of care shift. so i'm restricting my focus to cases where there are reasonable prospects of survival and restoration of health.  the issue about informing patients about the benefits and risks of certain treatments has been an ongoing battle for a long time. if you're interested in one of the landmark legal cases in this issue, check out [natanson v. kline](http://www.leagle.com/decision/1960579186kan393_1510/natanson%20v.%20kline). it's frustrating sometimes because the claim that patients must be informed of treatment options has been well-established in the literature for over 50 years (natanson v kline came down in 1960), but there are still so many reports of patients not realizing what their options are.   i'd say that, ultimately, my project is focused on how to achieve genuine collaboration against a background of power imbalances. so the question you asked about cases where patients disagree with their doctor but never inform them fits right into that project. it's really hard to communicate honestly in contexts where there is a power difference between the parties.
t3_37fbqq-t3_37fbqq-crmy7hh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes, and no.  my parents mean well and are honestly looking out for my best interests, but they are conservative and have different standards of what is proper conduct or proper social activities.  they've chilled a bit and are trying to talk to me as an equal adult, but they have a tendency of slipping into lecture mode even though they went into the discussion hoping for a two-way conversation.  my boyfriend, who is white, had a hard time understanding why i didn't tell my parents right away i was dating.  he didn't want to be treated like a dirty secret, which i can totally understand.  so my parents found out, we had a fight, and i didn't talk to them for 2 weeks.  in the almost 2 years since we've met he now understands why i'm not forthcoming to my parents about stuff like he is to his parents, and why i lie to my parents about things like who i'm hanging out with.  these lies are to protect myself and my boyfriend from my parents' very biased judgement.  other times i don't tell them stuff because i don't want them to worry and keep asking questions for which i had no answers.  a few years ago i thought i had breast cancer (i don't--it was just dense breast tissue that was previously hidden behind fat).  i sat on it for a few days, freaking out while searching webmd, but eventually asked my mom in private whether i should be seeing an ob/gyn on my pcp.  she later talked to my dad in private, possibly so that if it turned out to really be cancer he wouldn't be blindsided and they would be emotionally prepared to offer support.  turns out it wasn't cancer, but my dad was still worried and asked me a few times after my various doctor appointments.
t3_bmqhd-t1_c0njlvz-c0njqy1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	now that i look back on it i've always had some kind of issue. i used to not be able to sleep a lot - which surprisingly is kind of compatible with my current diagnosis.  i had breast cancer (yes i am "angry cancer girl") and it began to get really bad after i finished chemo.  i started falling asleep at work a lot and stuff. i thought it was just lingering "chemo brain".  i went to 4 or 5 different neurologists because i just couldn't believe it. i mean after the whole cancer thing it was like *"really?!!"*  i feel really good now that i'm stabilized. it sucked a lot at first because i would either fall asleep on major doses of stimulants (i can sleep on adderall) or be so wacked out i was completely insane.  driving scares the crap out of me still. i try not to ever go on highways. i know logically i am ok but it is still frightening.
t3_1eb6yb-t3_1eb6yb-c9yif67	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this link appears to have been removed from /r/news by either the spam filter or moderators.  ---  [angelina jolie reveals she had double mastectomy - the world isn&amp;#39;t fair!](http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1eb4yy/angelina_jolie_reveals_she_had_double_mastectomy/)  submitted 29 minutes ago by: [arichone](/user/arichone) to [news](/r/news)  ---  **[confirm it's missing](/r/news/search?q="angelina%20jolie%20reveals%20she%20had%20double%20mastectomy%20-%20the%20world%20isn%27t%20fair%21"&amp;sort=new&amp;restrict_sr=on)** | **[message the moderators about this removal](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=/r/news&amp;subject=why%20was%20this%20removed%20from%20/r/news%3f%3a%20angelina%20jolie%20reveals%20she%20had%20double%20mastectomy%20-%20the%20world%20isn%27t%20fair%21&amp;message=http%3a//www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1eb4yy/angelina_jolie_reveals_she_had_double_mastectomy/)** | **[post to politicalmoderation](/r/politicalmoderation/submit?title=/r/news%20%5bspam%20filtered%5d%20angelina%20jolie%20reveals%20she%20had%20double%20mastectomy%20-%20the%20world%20isn%27t%20fair%21&amp;url=http%3a//www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1eb4yy/angelina_jolie_reveals_she_had_double_mastectomy/)**   |           |     | |           |     | ------------|-----|-|-----------|-----| created:    |  may 14, 2013 11:57 a.m. | |score:     |  1 | first seen: |  may 14, 2013 11:43 a.m. | |upvotes:   |  1 | last seen:  |  may 14, 2013 11:53 a.m. | |downvotes: |  0 | missing:    |  may 14, 2013 12:27 p.m. | |comments:  |  0 |
t3_4tr9mz-t1_d5k2tzd-d5k5nbu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but, but ...all of her "friends" like donnie and marie...  so we end our ltr and three months later she takes her 300 pound secretary with the same damn group of friends who have seen donny and marie not less than 5 times. 120 bucks a ticket, same show  the shallowness and absurdity of it all...  as we all know, these women today have nothing to offer. even the sex was shitty. couldn't touch her ass and rarely offered. and she had a double mastectomy with fake rebuilds. didn't like them touched either. this is the woman of today. bull shit!
t3_1p7mgc-t3_1p7mgc-cd01k99	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm really glad people wear pink stuff for breast cancer awareness. i had no idea breast cancer existed until i saw some guy with pink socks on, and i was like "holy shit breast cancer exists!"
t3_4vws9e-t3_4vws9e-d626v3p	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6508	you will make it through this.  i was diagnosed with stage iib triple negative breast cancer when i was 32.    i am not 42, almost ten full years cancer-free, and have had two children since then.  you can totally beat this.  i had no family history, no risk factors.  it just happened.  and then i beat it.    best of luck to you.  you can do this!
t3_3ft1fm-t3_3ft1fm-ctuh3se	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7834	* we see my fmil every sunday as a rule, we will go to hers for dinner with my partners brothers, it's a family event in itself and it being weekly is sometimes exhausting, but nonetheless we do it. on saturday's however myself and my partner usually do something ourselves, together, and may sometimes invite my parents, but not always, and fmil is now trying to muscle in on our saturdays when she figured out my parents were hanging out with us. for example, my partner uploaded a photo of me and my mother at a beach front a few weeks ago to his facebook which was taken on a saturday. i had my dog in the picture with us. my best friend comments on the photo something a long the lines of "are you and "partner" coming with the dog to the dogs trust show next saturday at x location?" which is basically a carnival day for a dogs charity here in the uk. i say yes and that my parents are coming with their dogs, too. fmil likes to stalk on facebook and spends the next 5 days badgering my partner via text to let her come with, even though she always proclaims she hates dogs. she came along and ruined the whole day, complained the whole time, and now asks every friday what we're doing on saturday. i've told partner never to reply and just say we're seeing distant family on my side or i'm going out with friends or some shit.   * speaking of her hate for dogs, every time she comes to our house, she makes us kick the dog out in the back garden. every time. if we don't do it straight away, she does it, by shooing the dog out with her foot up it's ass. my dog is as old as the fucking hills and hates the bitch so much, so now i take the dog upstairs and let her sleep and chill on our bed when the witch is present.   * she makes snide remarks nearly every time i see her about future children, even though we have told her we probably will never have children! conceiving would be very difficult for me for a few reasons, it's something i've come to terms with. it's not like we're not trying, we're seeing if it happens naturally, and so far it hasn't and isn't likely to, my partner is 10 years older than me and was resigned to the idea of never having kids before he even met me, so we aren't killing ourselves over it. i just don't like the "you shouldn't be doing x y and z it could ruin your chances of having kids". bitch, my horrible medical condition has ruined my chances of having kids. fuck off.   * she once house sat for us while we were on holiday because i liked her at this point (by this i mean i barely knew her) and thought she could be trusted in looking after my dog. nah. she overfed my dog to the point that the poor girl gained 3kg in 10 days (yes, 6.6lb, the dog is a terrier) and could barely walk. and even though she had her own laptop she somehow used my work laptop and through playing one of her stupid fucking online games, gave it the blue screen of death and i lost 8 months of super important documents for my job which i never recovered and got into a whole heap of shit over in work with my manager.    * she once said i looked like slag when i was getting ready to go to a hen (bachelorette) night for my best friend. i walked in the living room and said to my partner, "how do i look?" i was wearing a skater dress and tights with heels. i wasn't wearing anything revealing whatsoever. without asking for her stupid fucking opinion she pipes up anyway and goes "you look like those slags i see out down the pub opposite my house". i said "fuck you" to her so fast and i still fantasize about the horror on her face in that moment.   * she always texts my partner things like "is she feeding you well? do you want me to bring over stuff for the freezer? i'm cooking it anyway i can make more". like i'm unable to cook. bitch i cook. my partner loves my cooking.   * she once came over to our house one night while we were at a wedding overnight and took it upon herself to clean the house form top to bottom, even though it's immaculate, and threw out all my expensive and lingerie. yeah, i have no idea why, either. it was all clean and in my bedroom drawer. she claims everything was in the washing pile she was sorting through and it all looked "damaged" so threw all my lingerie out. yeah, whatever.    * she is super close to my partners cheating ex-wife of five minutes. texts him updates on her life maybe once or twice a month when they meet for coffee at hers. my partner has explicitly said several times he doesn't give a shit.   * she resents my job and working hours, and makes comments to my partner like "doesn't it bother you that she earns more money than you? she's like the man" like.... i don't even know where to begin with this. one, i don't know how she knows i earn more money (barely though) than my partner, and two, i might be only 27 but i've been in my profession since i was 19. i've climbed that ladder. my partner has jumped from company to company over the years so has never settled, therefore, he earns a little less. our money goes into one account. what's the big fucking deal? i earn about 4 grand a year more than him. ridiculous.   * every christmas she cries that we're spending some time with my family on christmas day (we split it between two families) and somehow muscles in the fact she had breast cancer 12 years ago (she is fully in remission now and fine) and how she "just wants to be with her family". she's going to shit bricks when she finds out partner and i are going somewhere sunny this christmas. i can't wait. and i know what's going to happen, she's going to cry and ask if she can come with. she isn't. my parents will be taking care of my dog this time, too.   * every time she see's my niece. she calls her a jap. yes, a jap. my niece is not even asian, she comments that she's got "slanty eyes". my niece is beautiful with great big, brown eyes. i don't get it.   * everytime she comes around (uninvited) and my partner is in his work shirts, she sighs and says "can't she iron a shirt properly?". he irons his own shirts for work. i want to iron her face.   phew that felt good to finally get out.
t3_26nosc-t3_26nosc-chsxk2l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6834	oh man. one of the main reasons i knew i was trans was that i sometimes found myself hoping i had breast cancer and had to get a mastectomy. for many people (myself included), dysphoria comes in waves--sometimes in the foreground, sometimes in the background. there's a chance that this will just ebb out after a while, and the only way i know how to ride it out is to cling to the knowledge that one day, this will all be over.  also, i'd find ways of feeling the dysphoria but also allowing yourself space to breathe. when you say stuff like "i feel like such a piece of shit for it," it's like you're taking the bad emotion and compounding it by berating yourself for feeling bad. like, "i have bad thoughts and feelings;  i must be bad." you get into an awful positive feedback loop of meeting hate with hate, and that just makes you hate yourself all the more. allow yourself to feel the dysphoria and not judge yourself for it. in other words, feel awful and allow yourself to think that you wish you had cancer--those are the parts you can't help. but let go of the judgment attached to it. "i'm feeling dysphoric, and that's okay. this is something i'm feeling, and it's absolutely valid, but it doesn't define me." hurting yourself because you're hurting isn't worth it. dysphoria already knocks the shit out of you; don't knock the shit out of yourself.
t3_10zv75-t1_c6i7xh9-c6i8glg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think you missed my point on the first one.  people are going to look at porn no matter what. are people actually watching porn just to donate money to breast cancer? probably not. if given the choice between video a and video b, where watching a donates money to cancer research and b does nothing, they are probably going to choose a. so why not take that same money and donate it to another type of cancer research? i have no problem with breast cancer research and i have no problem with porn. tying the boob videos and breast cancer research together is what seems misogynistic to me.  it's like saying, "we should support breast cancer because boobs are hot!"   your second point, i feel like you're just arguing for the sake of arguing, so i'm not going to comment beyond saying that as long as you're not in marketing, i don't know that either of us are qualified to make that prediction.  besides, it also would depend on the wording.     i think with your last point you're trying to say that the ends justify the means. i sort of agree, but i think it's a lot more complicated than that.  of course you're going to make money selling sex and making people feel bad about cancer at the same time. but that doesn't mean you won't make *any* money trying to make people feel bad about cancer by itself.  that's where i disagree.  being less successful is not failure. it's not a competition.  the thing is, it's all about money.  many of these research foundations are more concerned with how much money they are making, and not where the money is going. even if it's a npo, the top people are still taking home good money.  if the people raising money actually care about the cause, they are going to choose to make less money. to me, what you're saying is, "it's easier to raise money for breast cancer, so fuck all those people with other cancers."
t3_1s46g5-t1_cdu31cy-cdu3a8e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think you need to stop with the false equivalencies. stop trying to liken this to food or car insurance. cars crash and can be bought. bodies cannot.  &gt; we use insurance to cover smaller, expected expenses, like doctor visits, the occasional x-ray, etc. this would be like having car insurance cover gasoline or the unexpected radiator replacement.  not really, because once again we're talking about *human beings*. maintaining the human body is a lot more complicated. more visits can usually cut down on other costs because preventative care is king.  &gt; we use health insurance to cover expected high-dollar expenses, like pregnancy or an occasional hospital visit. even for a very lucky and very healthy individual, you can expect to have a few big-ticket items, and more as you get older. we should handle these financial burdens the same way we do everything else -- we save up for them, we take out loans, set up tax-free interest-bearing accounts, whatever. we don't take out "college tuition insurance" or "wedding insurance" or "home down payment insurance," etc. can everyone save or get loans? no, but everyone who can, should, because the alternative -- paying through an insurance program -- is dumb and drives up costs astronomically.  that doesn't work because once again we're talking bartering your life for medical technology. how much does cancer treatment cost on its own?  how does a 16 year old save for being hit by a car without insurance? how about a 1 million dollar surgery for being in the wrong room when someone decides to open up with shotguns in a theater?  &gt; we are over-insuring against non-risks. the whole point of insurance is to insure against risks you are concerned about. i am a man. i have exactly zero risk of getting pregnant. i have a comparatively low risk of breast cancer. i will never get cervical cancer, because i don't have a cervix. i will never need to buy birth control pills. i should not have to buy insurance for impossible risks, and (in the case of breast cancer) my cost should reflect my risk of that prognosis as a male. similarly, a woman who for any number of plausible reasons is confident she won't get pregnant should not be forced to insure for pregnancy or birth control pills.  you don't use every road directly, but commerce relies on them regardless. in the same way, proper health for women allows them to work more and take less sick days.  if you make everything discrete, you've defeated the purpose and you're going to start on trends of discrimination.  should you insurance cover testicular cancer? women don't get it, why should they have to pay?  &gt; we have removed a basic function of insurance by banning discrimination.  banning discrimination is a good thing.  &gt; i'm going to put aside the fact that there are currently people with expensive pre-existing conditions. let's view that as a short-term problem  why? its not a short term problem, its a huge long-term problem. its not something that's going to go away the better we are at categorizing disease.  &gt; which can be dealt with by government if necessary  how?  &gt; and let's consider the more appropriate long-term market solution.   which is?  &gt; every woman of child-bearing age (especially if she's expecting to potentially get pregnant) should carry "starter insurance" to cover the potential future-fetus she may one day bear. this is the appropriate time to buy such insurance because as soon as the fetus exists, we have the technology to determine all sorts of things about it that may indicate it's going to be atypically expensive (birth defects, dna genetics, etc).  not all diseases are hereditary, and how does this help a cancer patient?  &gt; the idea that we start-and-stop health insurance, or don't already have it once we're existant enough to be deemed high-risk, is strange. you shouldn't drive a new car off the lot with the notion that you'll set up insurance the following day, right?  which is why the individual mandate exists.  &gt; number 4 is important, as it is the real way you deal with the pre-existing conditions issue and essentially distribute some of the higher-risk costs. now, obviously that doesn't help people who are already born and have expensive pre-existing conditions. if government wants to help fill that gap, fine. and on the rare occasion under the new number 4 system somebody falls through the cracks, there will be few enough of them and healthcare costs will be reasonable enough that society can help them. will there be the occasional "unfair" tragic story? maybe  no its not. you haven't said a single reason why it would work, or a single real-world scenario or even a formulation of how your solution will work.  some "tragic stories" ? that's all you call them? how about some people not getting treated for terrible diseases and dying slow painful deaths because insurance companies have turned them away, or they can't afford the treatment?
t3_1emwh7-t3_1emwh7-ca1tfek	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this might sound weird but my best gift was me being able to go to puerto rico again. i had lost my grandmother due to breast cancer 2 years ago and haven't been to puerto rico in a while because of it. i never really had a chance to say goodbye either so when i went to puerto rico during christmas break, i had a chance to visit her grave and properly say goodbye. it was emotional and really hard but i'm glad i was able to.
t3_mh9rd-t3_mh9rd-c312v4l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	prayers definitely sent.  for those who believe, and even some who don't, you would be amazed what can be accomplished with prayer.  i have a coworker who is undergoing breast cancer treatment, and she is in a stage 4 situation, which used to be terminal, and she is doing wonderfully, and attributes a lot of that to prayer.  i believe that i am alive solely based on the prayers of friends and family because there was a time when medicine had given up on me and told them to prepare for the worst.  i am still here.  i hope things go well for your mom, and will keep her in my thoughts.
t3_4zr0jx-t3_4zr0jx-d6y2xgu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if your boyfriend is in fact waiting for you to lose weight what your boyfriend is ultimately saying here is he won't marry you the way you look today.  being overweight is unhealthy, however there is more to a person than how they look. i think you need to have a serious conversation with your boyfriend about physical appearance and how it affects your relationship. if you lost your hair, got breast cancer and had to have mastectomy, lost a limb, etc would his attraction to you faulter? i am not in any way suggesting he isn't allowed to have a personal preference and isn't allowed to find you more attractive at a healthy weight - what concerns me is **if** he is using that as a stipulation for marriage. our bodies change and age as we get older and if your relationship is so heavily influenced by outside appearance that is a concern.   he also may just be waiting because you have expressed your desire to lose weight. you need to talk to your boyfriend and go from there.   as a side note, the gym is great but 90% of your weight loss comes from diet. download my fitness pal. sometimes we think we are eating healthy but we are failing to include empty calories (like a morning coffee or a can of pop). this will help you to be more accountable for what you are consuming and will help influence you to make healthier, lower calorie choices.   edit: you do not have 50 pounds to lose op. i would suggest putting your weight/height in the op because you will receive drastically different advice....
t3_42x7f0-t1_czduyep-czemo08	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my current worry is that i have breast cancer (i'm 27 and have no history of breast cancer in my family but what if i'm the statistical anomaly!) so i've of course scheduled an exam for myself later this week. my only saving grace is that i live in canada where all of this is covered under our provincial health care otherwise i'd be bankrupt.
t3_2261l9-t3_2261l9-cgk3kfv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8584	hi tanksies.  my mom's breast cancer traveled to her lungs. that was over 5 years ago. treatments have been very helpful, and she's had an opportunity to return to "normal" life in that time. in her case, it is not a "new" cancer - it is still breast cancer even though it's in her lungs. that doesn't mean it's the same thing your mom has, but i just wanted to speak up and let you know you're not alone.  please do not pay attention to things you find on google - especially before there's a diagnosis. survival rates, for example, don't discriminate, and there are a multitude of circumstances that are unique to each patient. the survival rates take nothing into account except type of cancer and overall mortality (so a 95 year old with cancer dies a month or two after diagnosis - that'll be part of the # you'll see, which isn't exactly helpful to determine your expectations, you know?). pay attention to the *doctors* in charge of her treatment. even they don't have a crystal ball, but they can give you a much more reasonable idea of what to expect.  so, is it cancer? it may be. it also may be scar tissue. if it is cancer, as platinumnum pointed out, it could be easily treatable. don't assume worst case scenario. sure, you can try to brace yourself for it, but if you're anything like me, that only makes it more difficult somehow.   i say this with a lot of love and empathy for what you're facing. it's really, really hard when someone you love has to go through this. and i freaked out with the best of them - and will freak out again - as my mom continues this journey. it just sucks. but you got this. just keep on being a good "kid" to your mom - that's the best thing you can do for her. love each other, support each other, try to avoid petty drama, that sort of thing. it's tough, but it pays off. with my mom, i am determined that there will be no regrets in our relationship, for anything within my power, if that makes sense. that helps me keep my head clear somehow.
t3_b5pf7-t3_b5pf7-c0l45y6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have an aunt who had breast cancer and had a mastectomy. after her surgery, she said she felt hollow. have you considered breast reconstruction and implants? when i was doing research about my aunt's condition, i read somewhere that some cancer survivors opt for reconstruction and it helps with their self-esteem somewhat.   i have no answers for you wanting to know when to tell your date, but your post struck a chord with me and i just wanted to say i wish you the best, and hope you meet the right guy!  =)
t3_3iax7q-t1_cuf1k7y-cuf4o26	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	never delay meeting your doctor. the time frame between cure and beyond-cure cannot be known, therefore the earlier it is treated, the more likely it can be cured. please, don't wait and talk to your doctor as soon as you can.  birth control pills have greatly improved nowadays and the increase in risk for breast cancer is not significant anymore.
t3_1sjzl8-t1_cdye8ck-cdysieg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8044	i have the same thing. it turned out to just be a fat lump. most men get it during puberty. it really worried me because i though my breast cancer was back. i had breast cancer 6 years ago btw i'm a male.
t3_2zfgq0-t3_2zfgq0-cpih0hj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7978	the one true love that i have had died of breast cancer in 2014. we had not seen each other in 25 years and the grief even so was overwhelming.  i feel that i lost her twice. last year i took my daughters to a firework stand in 'my hometown' and a friend pointed out two sober faced children. 'there's t-----'s son and daughter. poor things.' she didn't have to point them out; a shiver started in my scalp and walked across my spine. i recognized her features in someone else and i think i would have done so no matter where i had seen them. to think that this beautiful awkward but so graceful girl that i loved, wrote poetry for, and wept over is dead and buried while i'm still here is more than sad. i wish i could tell her children about the girl i knew. i wish they knew that her life mattered to me, and i don't know why that seems important. maybe it would bring closure to one of us.   i know those of you that fell in love with and married the loves of your life will possibly understand (even if you'll call me a fool for not moving on): 'there was just one'. i can only explain by metaphor: everything that i have done and seen since has been under the light of a different sun no less than if i had been plucked from these confines and placed on a strange planet, washed free of destiny on strange tides.   i've had a second life- fulfilling in many ways; i'm a loving parent and i do my job well. if living with feeling is the subjective, i've moved to the objective, so fraught with emotional distance- so contrary and lacking in true color.
t3_261dk0-t3_261dk0-chng25n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7494	hi vexwyf,  this news sucks, and you're experiencing "anticipatory grief". it's so hard. my mother recently died of breast cancer, after having first been diagnosed in 2001, and i cried way more (daily, almost, in the last months of her life) than i have since she passed. i don't mean to imply life is a bed of roses since she passed - it's just been a lot different than i expected. it weirds me out, but then - grief is weird. it's also obstinate, and can't be told what to do. so, understand emotions - any emotions - are normal and natural and often a pain in the ass. :) i always hate hearing, "stay strong" because most people mean that as, "don't cry." but (and i've said this a lot) - the real strength comes from dealing with this as openly and honestly as possible, and that means you'll sometimes have a face full of tears and snot while you're standing with him. that's completely ok in my book.  also understand that you need to be your own highest priority. when you feel burned out, take a break. when you drop everything, be as strategic about it as you can, because you'll return to your life at some point - the less stressful that is, the better, if that makes sense. if you're employed, start talking to your powers that be right now to see how they can help. people can be astonishingly generous, or astonishingly cold, in situations like this.   and be kind to yourself. caregivers usually feel some sense of guilt, because we're up against something we can't ultimately fix. few of us have medical backgrounds; most of us will make mistakes (or perceived mistakes), and feel like we're flailing around at times. keep in mind, your "job" with your dad will be to provide comfort. comfort in knowing you're there, and comfort in knowing you're going to be ok. keep on being a good kid. clearly you already have that under control, and that's the most important, best thing you can do for him. you're already ahead of the game.  is he alone? does he have reliable family, friends, or neighbors nearby who can visit him and check in on him and report to you? ask his doctor if he is open to you calling him and getting information - he may ask you and your dad to sign a hipaa form that releases the doctor and the rest of his care team to speak with you openly, and to respond to your questions. that will help you determine the timing of it all.   it sucks, but there is still joy ahead for you, i promise. it can strike at the most unexpected time. have fun with him, have "no cancer allowed" times where you two focus on life, not the disease, to try to break some of the oppressive preoccupation that is natural and inherent in this diagnosis.  all my best to you. feel free to pm me any time if you need to vent.
t3_rkg71-t1_c46jqhh-c46mk7u	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yes!  i was diagnosed with stage iii breast cancer at 33, and also count it as a great time.  my sister came to take care of me, and we had fun hanging out together.  i used to cancer card liberally.  i get to make a ton of jokes about not having nipples.  i made a decision early on that i wasn't going to let myself worry or indulge in self-pity.  instead, i would try to see cancer as an adventure that only a select few get to go on. i constantly asked myself, "what can having cancer do for me?"  i think those things really helped me stay positive, and in turn, i don't see my cancer experience as an ordeal.
t3_1cwkx9-t1_c9kvetq-c9kvpx3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8021	if a woman is under 40, unless she has a family history of breast cancer, it is damn difficult to get a mammogram in the us.  nothing wrong with being familiar with your breasts and what is your personal normal.  but you are correct, but the time you can feel a lump, and decide to have it checked out, you're in deep doo.  or it may just be a cyst, and nothing to freak out about.   honestly, i never could have found my tumor with a self exam, it was in too deep, and was too small.  i did have a routine mammo to find it. damn thing didn't show on an ultra-sound.   i got lovely breast mris as follow up.  interesting, but not fun.  (i'm fine, it was stage one, very minimal surgery and treatment.)
t3_4pviev-t3_4pviev-d4owpxh	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	fucking hell. i'm so sorry. my mom ,healthy as a horse, no vices, got diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. at the time it was in her breast and sternum bone. we had some hope. she had surgery, chemo and radiation. during the period of time between the radiation and the scan to see if the radiation got all of the bone cancer she felt great. suddenly she started having the most god awful  headache while visiting family in mexico. she had to tail it back here because they discovered many tumors in her brain. she was still getting chemo and some new trial. it spread to her liver and lungs. the trial was shrinking the lung tumors but nothing else. from diagnosis to death was 1 year and 5 months. i almost wish we had been told that there was no way she would live so she could have enjoyed the time without treatment. she died 2 weeks after my wedding. there are no words beside fuck cancer in the ass. it's devastating to everyone. someone so young with such a young child, fuck dude. i hope the community keeps her memory alive so her daughter may know how she was and how many lives she touched.
t3_1oqtye-t3_1oqtye-ccv1ixl	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7417	at my very first chemo appointment, one of the nurses tried to give me a pink tote bag stuffed with things such as a sparkly pink hat, a pink ribbon-patterned fleece blanket, a teddy bear...i told her to get that pink shit away from me.  i wasn't just rejecting the infantilizing bs that comes with having breast cancer, i was also really bothered by the way this was being done. here i am in a chemo room, full of other patients, all of them with different cancers. all scared, all needing a little compassion, a little acknowledgement that they too are people who are suffering. and because i have **breast cancer**, i'm being treated differently, getting presents from strangers? total nonsense, and i won't accept it. cancer is cancer is cancer. it's all awful and we need to be focusing on actual research, not funding 5ks that ultimately only benefit large corporations who've tagged in. i wish we could just pool all the cancer funds and then divide them evenly, you know? give to all of them.
t3_dfyix-t1_c0zxu98-c0zy28e	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6739	herceptin is an expensive drug but a bad example in this case as it is extremely effective in preventing recurrence in certain aggressive breast cancers and therefore prolongs life by potentially decades.  you are thinking of sone of the other drugs, i believe there was one for bowel cancer that only prolonged life for a few months.  i had breast cancer at 29, 2 years ago, and i now have a 1% chance of dying of breast cancer in the next 10 years. in part due to the success of herceptin. :)
t3_1xiosa-t1_cfboq7b-cfbovef	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have looked into reduction surgery, but i decided it wasn't for me.   i have an *insanely* strong history of breast cancer in the family and my mom opted for a preventative double mastectomy when she turned 40. i'll likely do the same at ~35.   i'd rather enjoy the epic cleavage while i'm young and relatively perky, then lop them off before they can cause me serious problems. because fuck waiting around to get cancer.
t3_45tmaa-t3_45tmaa-d002wnm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6882	just sharing my perspective:  my grandmother (only grandparent) is 88. my father is 67 with a risky lifestyle (obesity, smoking, drinking) my mother is 59, survived breast cancer but who knows when it decides to turn up again?  i know the big milestones of their lives, but it seems sometimes to me as if there is a part of them which hasn't been shared so far.  for example, i was going through my mothers old room in my grandmas house and found photographs of my mother in her time as a student, as well as application forms to universities all over europe, which i had never known before.  i just want to get to know them better and have a deeper connection with them before they inevitably pass away.  i'm sorry if it is a bit depressing, but i'm genuinely interested in hearing your stories!
t3_1iue6p-t3_1iue6p-cb848xa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	bcl-2 hypermethylation is a potential biomarker of sensitivity to anti-mitotic chemotherapy in endocrine-resistant breast cancer. http://mct.aacrjournals.org/content/early/2013/07/16/1535-7163.mct-13-0012  abstract  overexpression of the anti-apoptotic factor, bcl-2, is a frequent feature of malignant disease and is commonly associated with poor prognosis and resistance to conventional chemotherapy. in breast cancer, however, high bcl-2 expression is associated with favourable prognosis, estrogen receptor (er) positivity and low tumour grade; whilst low expression is included in several molecular signatures associated with resistance to endocrine therapy. in the present study, we correlate bcl-2 expression and dna methylation profiles in human breast cancer and in multiple cell models of acquired endocrine-resistance to determine whether bcl-2 hypermethylation could provide a useful biomarker of response to cytotoxic therapy. in human disease, diminished expression of bcl-2 was associated with hypermethylation of the second exon, in a region that overlapped a cpg island and an er-binding site. hypermethylation of this region, which occurred in 10% of primary tumours, provided a stronger predictor of patient survival (p=0.019) when compared to gene expression (n=522). in multiple cell-models of acquired endocrine-resistance, bcl-2 expression was significantly reduced in parallel with increased dna methylation of the exon 2 region. the reduction of bcl-2 expression in endocrine-resistant cells lowered their apoptotic threshold to anti-mitotic agents: nocodazole, paclitaxel and the plk1 inhibitor, bi2536. this phenomenon could be reversed with ectopic expression of bcl-2, and rescued with the bcl-2 inhibitor, abt-737. collectively, these data imply that bcl-2 hypermethylation provides a robust biomarker of response to current and next generation cytotoxic agents in endocrine-resistant breast cancer, which may prove beneficial in directing therapeutic strategy for patients with non-resectable, metastatic disease.
t3_dnblu-t3_dnblu-c11hpbb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i might be the only one but i think it's kind of amusing and harmless. i don't think that it's really the most appropriate way to discuss breast cancer or create awareness but i do think anything that gets a discussion going is okay, and i have actually seen this turn into a breast cancer discussion a few times on facebook :)
t3_1qzild-t3_1qzild-cdiow4t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7471	my experience is as follows:  when i was in 4th grade, i started developing. i was never told about growing breasts, so i thought i had breast cancer when i found the lumps. i would massage them to try to "break up the lumps" before i worked up the courage to tell nm. eventually i told nm about it and she handed me a training bra (she called it a flatsy bra), but didn't explain what was happening to me. all i could think of is that i was dying of cancer and all she was hand me that thing?  this bra looked like it was a hand me down and it itched something awful. i complained about wearing it, and she said that i just needed to get used to it. i thought that was the case, but the band was too tight. it itched so much that i stopped wearing it and resorted to wearing an undershirt for 2 years.  i was teased about growing them and nm and gc scared me into thinking they would grow really really big and wouldn't stop!   i didn't really grow any more but they became a bit more noticeable in 6th grade. i finally got another bra that was also too small. i alternated between undershirts and that bra until 7th grade. it became too small, and i was given another one in 8th grade.   that year, i started my period. we had the proper pads for it, but they were counted. i was only allowed to use 2 per school day. it didn't help that i was only allowed to bathe 1x/week, so that was pretty bad. from 4th -8th grade i hardly had deodorant, so when i was in 6th grade, i'd steal the baking soda from the fridge and use it. that was until my younger sibling told on me. prior to 6th grade, i never wore any.  nm finally bought the cheapest deodorant ever purchased, and that brand made my armpits itch (tussy). later i got dial liquid spray on deodorant, which i had to make last by diluting it with rubbing alcohol. i tried letting soap dry up on my underarms to no avail.    during the end of 8th grade, i got chicken pox. this caused my period to stop for 3 months. august came and i bled for the entire month! i kept telling nm that i wouldn't stop bleeding, but she didn't do anything. i even suggested that we go to the doctor, but that wasn't happening. i was scared and thought i was going to die. we ran out of pads pretty quick, so she got some depends from the sick and shut in lady who lived up stairs. she made me cut them thin and use those. they leaked something terrible. i think i spent more time hand washing underwear than having fun that year.  when i got cramps, i would throw up from time to time. she would never allow me to have any ibuprofen. i guess that was reserved for gc. when i asked her about taking ibuprofen, she would say that it was expensive. she gave me one aspirin once, which made it hurt even more due to the blood thinning properties. other times, she would give me cherry flavoured peptmo bismol tablets.
t3_1rpwpk-t1_cdppadc-cdpu1gy	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5846	my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer a month ago and she had surgery yesterday. i was the first to see her after it because my younger brother is still in school and my dad and sister were working. it was just weird to see her in such a vulnerable state. i'm so used to her looking after me and doing a million things at once.
t3_1k476x-t1_cblmsbu-cblmz9b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;secondly, you leave out one big idea about healthcare. i mean, i suppose it would be possible to have, millions of different insurance policy types, like one for smokers, one for nonsmokers, one for smokers whose family has a history of cancer, one for black people who have a familial history if diabetes, one for black people who are obese and have a history of diabetes, one for white people who are obese,   **what you're describing is literally what the life insurance industry is, and it works**   &gt;it is much easier to say "you are a human being and need medical insurance, and it will cost you 500$ flat, regardless of any outside factors"  yes, it's easy, and it sells politically well - - - but it is simply *unfair* in reality.  it constitutes taking money away from young people to pay for old people whose healthcare is more expensive and more often consumed, penalizing young people (who haven't had a lifetime to build up a nest egg and are struggling with employment and student debt)  it constitutes taking money away from men of all ages to pay for women whose healthcare is necessarily expanded and also more expensive to provide, penalizing men who have no such subsidy from women, simply because they were born with a penis and testicles.   it constitutes taking away money from the healthy to pay for the sick - - regardless of how that sickness was created, penalizing people who are very conscientious about their health and have invested in taking care of it (also if they've had insurance already), penalizing being healthy.   &gt;yes you can argue based on just these two specific people who engage in sex, but the implications of those two having sex is the concern of society as a whole, not just those two people, and to only focus on just those two people out of billions of people is very small-minded.   okay, if i injure myself when i go snowmobiling, that affects society - - ambulances, safety regulations, etc.  are you prepared to help subsidize the costs of my deciding to go snowmobiling?   and if birth control lessens the unplanned risks and costs of pregnancy, and therefore all people should pay into it, and not just the women who choose to use it, are you gonna buy me a helmet and winter jacket and safety lights for my snowmobile?   further, on the moral panic you're mentioning about women:  sure, supposing those people (doesn't matter to me if they're women - family is family) to whom i have an obligation find themselves unable to pay for their medical care, i'd love to spend my own money on them.  that i have a mom who may need breast cancer treatments in her old age as part of catastrophic care that i will of course be involved in **doesn't really cut mustard** as to why i should pay for the aggregate of birth control pills, which are now required to be covered on the insurance plans of all women who are also now all required to purchase them.
t3_2vl1hh-t3_2vl1hh-cojdsx4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	terrible. reminds me of a friends mother who passed in august. she was in her early 40s and morbidly obese. she had a slew of medical problems and used to have sores on her legs. she had issues. one night she went into the house to sleep (she'd been in the car, hadn't been well) and her son went to wake her up and she got up and then basically collapsed. they had to cut a hole in the wall to get her out.   her son just turned 21 a month before. no one ever thought she'd be the first to go because her sister has been fighting metastic terminal breast cancer for a few years.
t3_4c8e7c-t3_4c8e7c-d1fylal	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in terms of purely staying alive, i've got three things.   first, my best friend would be devastated if i died. i couldn't do that to her. i could go awol, letting her know i was still alive, but i couldn't go die and leave her with that.   second, is grandpa. as long as he's alive i couldn't make him lose another person in his life like when we lost grandma. it would literally kill him. grandma dieing almost did already. i couldn't do that. he _has_ to be next in line for our family. no if's and's or but's about it. my aunt dealing with breast cancer gave us a big enough scare already.  third, grandma. she believed in heaven, and i believe she went there. i don't believe in heaven but i have a willing intellectual discontinuity in that i believe, truly and fully, that she went to heaven and is watching us now. seeing how we live our lives. and i couldn't let her be disappointed in me in that regard. as long as i'm working on improving she's happy, but if i took my life i know she would be the most disappointed she has ever been, or will be. and i can't do that to her, i just can't.  x  beyond that, in staying functioning, grandma. same reason basically. i need to show her that i'm doing enough good/making progress with my life that she can see it. combined with that, grandpa, "no job is worth half doing. either do nothing, or do it well." grandma keeps me going things, and grandpa get me to do them well.   and again, that friend. i cannot bear to let her get ahead of me in life. i have to prove to myself that i can overcome the worst that my life can give me, and still progress. i acknowledge that she may get further in life than me, i mean, she is smarter than me and doesn't have to deal with bp, but that doesn't mean i have to back down in trying to keep up with her in all manners of things. be it academics, jobs prestige, enjoyment, everything. my main goal is to match her in the quality we make of our separate lives.  yes, they are easily my favorite people, and the ones that have had the biggest influence in my life by far.
t3_1k9mb3-t1_cbmqwmj-cbmqyku	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* the hormones i will be getting is for increased estrogen, so it would have the opposite effect.  the ones i take right now stop production of testosterone, not increase it.  ftm is what takes testosterone and could potentially do that.  i wouldn't anyway though.  * at this point it wouldn't be hard.  i haven't done anything that isn't reversible.  up to about 3-6 months on hrt you can go back and it is all reversible.  after that my penis would be smaller and i'd be more than likely sterile, as well as likely have to get a mastectomy to remove breasts.  after srs... it would be essentially like going ftm.  so i'd have to go through everything again, in reverse, like an ftm person would have to do.  * i don't think it will, really.  it isn't different than being raised by two women like any lesbian couple with a child.  she'll be a bit more open minded, probably, and more accepting of lgbt people than the average person.  she won't really remember my transition, either, so she'll be raised with basically only remembering me as a woman.
t3_44d5ia-t1_czqbi19-czqjj8l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	me too! i'm a network and systems admin :)  i posted a dress a few days ago here i finally got the nerve to wear...  generally i wear black stretchy ponte pants since i sit like a crazy person at my desk, and often randomly find myself crawling on the floor, through ceilings etc. they give me the comfort and versatility of jeans but look dressier. since i'm freezing all the time (seriously, ppl walk into my office and ask how the 2 guys can stand it so hot and here i am in a fleece jacket) i generally wear a fitted tshirt type top (cowl neck, long sleeved, etc) with a fitted fleece jacket ontop.   i have a handful of long (hit me about crotch long) sweaters with v necks, and a few blazers that i wear randomly when i want to dress up a bit.  i'm a 28h tho, so i don't look super busty to most people. i have the layered look for comfort which benefits the bust anyway.  http://imgur.com/a/brzsh  a random assortment of dressier and "regular" outfits i wear to work. my dress is more focused on ability to drop everything and move around 30-80lb devices or haul things up and down stairs and stay warm. which generally means skirts and heels are out. i did dress up a bit more and took pics tho. pic #1 is my near daily fleece (i added blue stripe to elbows to lengthen them) and last pic is a friday wearing company's breast cancer shirt and jeans to program a big stack of switches. i was showing off my "server lifting guns" lol.
t3_3bqmvj-t3_3bqmvj-cspdmni	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	okay this happened to a family member, not me. just to clear that up! so a family member of mine (lets call her sue) is in her early 50s and has two kids. when her son was in year 11, (lets call him mark), he made friends with a new kid (call him joe). marks mum and joes mum (lindsey) became best friends for a number of years.  as were mark and joe. about two years later lindsey got breast cancer and was told she had 12months to live. so when lindsey and sue went to the doctors for one of the chemo meeting things, the doctor advised lindsey to look up family history to make sure the cancer isnt hereditary.  but lindsey was adopted.  anyways sue and lindsey did some research to find lindseys parents and this is where it gets weird!    it turns out....lindsey and sue are long lost sisters. lindsey was sent to the adoption center thing weeks after she was born. what  a coincidence that the kids happened to make friends at school,  then the parents became friends and they're sisters!     (i apologize for layout and spelling mistakes....writing sucks on my phone)
t3_2qwocp-t1_cnbd3fi-cnc2bpt	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	sorry for misunderstanding you :)  we've only been on keto since we discovered it in july, so can't provide any evidence re the power of keto, we're just doing all we can to help ourselves.    i was diagnosed grade iii breast cancer (15 lymph nodes infected) november 2000, after 8 sessions of chemo, radiation therapy and surgery, thank god the treatment worked!  my husband was diagnosed with non-hodkins lymphoma, also grade iii, at the beginning of 2010, it took about 6 months to diagnose his problem.  he had six sessions of chemo and we're pleased to say all's well with him too.   strange though, at the time of his diagnosis we'd been on atkins to lose weight for about 6 or so months, i'd stalled though he was losing 2 or 3 pounds a week.  sil believes that being low carb caused his problem and supplied me with several books from the 1960s/70s on nutrician :\  during the time my husband was having his treatment, his haematologist and oncologist were scathing about atkins.   we've high hopes about these little ketone babies.
t3_2h4fcg-t3_2h4fcg-ckpjabk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	milk is a terrible food choice, as is cheese. it causes breast cancer in women and diabetes in children. the protein is difficult to digest, even in the lactose tolerant, and it causes a loss of calcium, due to the acid needed to digest the protein. if you want the science and the facts, watch this, it will shock you.  https://m.youtube.com/watch?list=wl&amp;v=e-pqcciw_zs
t3_3jq1nj-t3_3jq1nj-curfav2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7663	maybe she is trying to downplay it to you for herself? we went through this with my mil at the beginning of the year.       shortly after my husband and i began dating his mom was diagnosed with breast cancer and the doctors gave her 5 years. she did surgery, treatment (chemo/radiation not sure if it was both or just one) and after that she was ok. that was...10 years ago.       fast forward to january this year she casually mentions, on facebook, meeting with an oncologist. she seriously downplayed the whole thing, probably to not panic herself and not panic her kids. she didn't want to worry them, but still needed to tell them. she has inoperable spinal cancer that is spreading to other bones in her body (leg and hand). to this day she still downplays it to them to somehow make it easier on them.        another thing, i know you want to be upset with her with going back to smoking after the lung cancer but honestly, cancer is a real bitch of a disease. my mil did everything right, and her cancer came back and worse. my sil (not related to mil) had hers come back recently after doing all of the lifestyle changes and keeping with them. and someone in her own family had the balls to tell her that she brought it on herself. former coworker had hers come back as well. cancer will find a way and it's not her fault. so don't blame her for this.
t3_1rkodw-t3_1rkodw-cdog10a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my store i worked at last always has free stuff, and we get never ending complaints about the free stuff. halloween we did free breast cancer awareness flashlights, pink measuring tapes, pumpkins, balloons, etc.   when we told people only adults could claim their flashlights the parents flipped their shit.  "but my kid needs one too..."  only one per account.  when we ran out of pumpkins we had one guy flip his shit at us for not saving any for people who were coming later. first some first serve asshole.  when it got too busy make balloons another man flipped out because his kid really wanted one.  we now have to verify they have an account before giving away anything and make a notation because the amount of bounce backers we were having got ridiculous. they'd leave with stuff and come back later and get more. when we gave out pumpkins we had families taking six or seven and coming back for more. its a gimmick to draw in new accounts but it doesn't work because when people hear free they come in, get what they think is owed to them, and skitter off...only to come back later and get more free junk.   we now have a system where you need to sign up for an account to get anything, if you don't have one already.  damnit it really bugs me when people complain about the colour options of free stuff or the amount of free stuff or what the free stuff is! its free stuff, shut yer trap and get out of here if you don't like it.
t3_qa1jr-t1_c3vxtjg-c3vxw6k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6054	i'm sorry for your loss. i had to watch my mother go through breast cancer when i was in the 6th grade (she is fine now), and a year later, my dog had bone cancer that metastasized throughout -- she was 7 months old.
t3_2dtkjt-t1_cjswxut-cjsxwf7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	religion in general.  even when people aren't zealots, they often use religion to spread their message of hate and intolerance.  edit:  wow, really? with all the news of what isis is doing, christians in uganda trying to execute gays, and lawmakers in america imposing their religious beliefs on everyone else through legislature, you all actually disagree with me that religion is, for the most part, a negative force in our society?  religion, nationalism, and racism are probably the 3 biggest issues holding the human race back right now.    having a belief in something supernatural is not bad in-and-of itself, but we've shown over our 6+ thousand years of recorded history that religion causes incredibly amounts of violence and intolerance.  believing in a god is fine, but when your beliefs include that everyone who doesn't believe in your god is an infidel who must die, then we have a problem.  if your beliefs include that certain groups of people shouldn't have the same rights as you, then we have a problem.  if your beliefs involve you denying established scientific knowledge, and pushing to suppress this knowledge, then we have a problem.  until religion as a whole can address these issues, it will be a negative force for us, and i don't think these issues will ever be solved for as long as religion exists.  and for all you down-voting me and leaving snide replies, i was raised in a high-control cult that i only broke free from a couple years ago.  my sister no longer speaks with me because i left, and my mother did nothing about her breast cancer until it had already progressed to stage 4 because i honestly think she wants to die so she can receive her reward from god.  so, you'll have to excuse me for having a bitter taste in my mouth for religion.
t3_e1khu-t1_c14k4g6-c14k4sj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was quite interesting getting to know ciara. she was very kind and gentle and a big anime nerd. i think it was the anime thing that we had most in common. she worked at a nuclear power plant and had a very high iq.  she had these four chests in her house each with different combination locks and each of the alts only knew of their own combination. she said in hers were clothes and personal items. she had an alt called cyrah who was very promiscuous and liked to smoke and go to bars, and then there was her as a little girl cassandra who i only managed to talk to for about 30 seconds before she disappeared. ciara told me that cassandra never comes out with people so she must have trusted me a lot.   ciara confided in me that when she was 13 she was raped by a black man and got knocked up and then had a miscarriage, but that doesn't explain why cassandra who was probably only six or seven was also there. she had probably been abused as a child as well.  the reason ciara decided to let cyrah take over was because she got breast cancer which started to spread to the rest of her body because she couldn't afford the medical bills (us health care system). so she decided to let cyrah take over and i imagine go out and live free for the short amount of time she had left.
t3_1ouhz4-t1_ccvxeq4-ccw23ir	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.734	if it is really early the cancerous part can be chopped off, but if it moves to the lymph nodes it can't be surgically "cured". cancers like leukemia, if i can correct are to do with the blood, which is obviously all over your body, so you can't just chop it out. if you have cancer like a tumor in your leg or something, it is relatively contained, and it can be chopped off. breast cancer spreads in more advanced stages to the point where it is no longer contained in just the breast. the cancerous cells can also move around the body. a good example is linda mccartney. she had breast cancer, they "cured" it, but it ended up in her liver.
t3_15243z-t1_c7iw7hb-c7iwa2k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree completely i have all the breast cancer shoes cause i support the cause and i rock them all to play ball in... but people who get the shoes just to have them sit around and never wear is nuts... unless its a grail then its ok to have 2 pair haha
t3_34fan0-t3_34fan0-cqu7aeo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5075	i hate the phrase "raise awareness." i don't need to have my awareness about breast cancer raised for the 500th time. i have boobs. my mother had breast cancer. i fucking know what breast cancer is and my awareness of it is already at its maximum extent.
t3_2ax5rc-t3_2ax5rc-cj0b9r0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a breast cancer researcher and a few years ago, my dad sent me an email asking if this treatment could help a friend with advanced, inoperable brain cancer.   the treatment was making a wound, putting a legume paste in it and wrapping it in cabbage leaves. it was supposed to "detox" the blood and there was some magic compound in the legumes that attacked the cancer. the worst part was that the crazy doctor who came up with it had a fancy website complete with comprehensive video explaining the "science" behind it &amp; that he had discovered core concepts of molecular biology (which he hasn't).    the worst and most shocking to me was how the video melded partially correct biological information with quackery to make it sound scientifically plausible. it was at that moment that i vowed to try to communicate to the public about science better to try and increase scientific literacy and stopping some of these crazy stories from holding substance.   cancer is horrible enough without people being misled and misinformed.
t3_dwke9-t1_c13hgxm-c13jdz3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the site was working when we sold the site.  at the time it had some nice pagerank and we had donated all the money the site had made to breast cancer research... so it had gotten a little bit of buzz.  i had assumed that the new owners would start from scratch; however, it appears they tried to upgrade and hack over our hacks.    i don't know if they broke it or turned it off...
t3_1zccef-t1_cfssows-cfsti9c	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	thank you, and as some encouragement, i like you to know that i kissed a lot of frogs to find this prince. i had all but given up. we were friends for 13 years and had socialized many times before, but he had a girlfriend and i was always going from one disastrous relationship to the next. he helped me out with a fundraiser i was involved with, and he asked me out the following week. i thought nothing of it, but this night, he kissed me goodnight and fireworks went off. i looked him in the eyes and said "you mean, you've been right in front of me for 13 years, and i never knew this?" fell head over heels at the first kiss. i was 48. 2 years later i got diagnosed with breast cancer and he nursed me through the whole, chemo, mastectomy, radiation and current reconstruction business. we're together 4 1/2 years, and have never felt so lucky in my life. so, when you least expect love, it can hit you like a hammer! i hope cupid's arrow finds you soon.
t3_46neoo-t3_46neoo-d06vpxl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	verse 1  turn this shit up real fuckin loud. drinkin the bile out your pancreas the fanciest cancerous talkin lyricist pack a shank on the hips.your a skanky bitch slit your rist clitoris if your inhibited i'll piss in your syphilis incubus. mr. death dr.demise surgeon slice.you'll die really slow if you don't appreciate life.your wack if you don't appreciate knives the way a knife slices precice it's trife it's a demonic device. the chronic you light inhale for those in jail.to those in beef get impaled and burried in snails my brain's charred like burnt flesh your scarred rippin your breast apart digest your heart.   kid you know you can't fuck with this don't you know that my shit's to sick kid you know you can't fuck with this you might get your whole fuckin head split.    terrorize your whole click make you suck on your own tits now spit the cancer out.grab a glock call me sir manson alot blow your brains on the seats varicose veins on the streets cocaine,dust and weed.kill you slowly it's a must you bleed pop a vein in your skull from the stress.feelin numb in your chest. anxiety attack murder you with a variety an axe a mac a black jack a bat crack right upside your fuckin head. for talkin shit about this kid you bled sadistic and red my biscuit pumps lead.cock it obnoxious your chopped up in boxes im toxic my topics are gothic.morbidity you can't get rid of me the reason is humidity is shit to me.so kill your self and write a note right before the noose wraps tight around your throat.your wind pipe is choked. newyork is filled with tranvestites in coats helpless wenches controlled and sacrificin goats.it's death for these 2nd street derelicts reppin it sellin shit malevolent.mad felons kid.i got three in the fam me and my man will beat you with hands leave you beneath the sand.your sinkin quikly im thinkin im sickly i need medication the cadabers are getting stinky.   kid you know you can't fuck with this don't you know that my shit's to sick kid you know you can't fuck with this you might get your whole fuckin head split.    read more: necro - your fuckin' head split lyrics | metrolyrics 
t3_14ex70-t3_14ex70-c7cvxoo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is definitely lengthy but i hope it helps: *ahem*  for the last decade: about once a year i've had waves of bad panic attacks that'd last from a week up to three (with random "normal" &lt;hour at any given time). in high school two friends and i were robbed at gunpoint. this was one year after my dad suddenly died and one year before my mom got breast cancer for the first time. i've tried to deal with them through antidepressant type medications + "as meeded clonezepam but i've never stayed on the anti-d'z longer than a month.  the last time i had a bad phase (a year and a half ago!) i was scared to go to bed because i knew i'd wake up sick from anxiety (throwing up/not eating until 5 pm or so), stopped sleeping and stopped talking to people(fairly sociable) and going outside. i couldn't even go online or listen to music for fk sake! i gave in and decided to try zoloft for the first time in 3 years. i gave it a true three months and slowly weened off for 2 weeks. ugh, but it helped.  during this time i also made a major witch to my diet and started giving myself more into crafting (beadwork) and art. i slowly got back into social events by going out (in the day) to eat or enjoy outdoor parks once i was ok with being around strangers i went out to "nighttime" stuff where i would have more interaction with people. i'd go with friends that knew what panic attacks are like or know how to handle a situation in general.  i guess if you feel comfortable to the idea of goin out at night, stress the urgency to the girly that if you need to catch some air outside to be kind. some if the most comforting post panics have came when someone steps outside for a (de-stress) convo/walk even tho they're in omgpartyyy-mode. talking is one of the best tools-- real genuine and sincere conversations about anything! immerse yourself with laughter/light or goofy ass things. find a new healthy obsession-- knowing tea types,yoga, learn music theory. revisit a time in which things were awesome (super nintendo/ps1/dorky ass madlibs/embarrassing first favorite band as an official teen). know your trigger(s) and really dissect the fuck out of it/them.
t3_3hrh28-t3_3hrh28-cu9xrl7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7476	breath easy, breath slow my fellow troll. your girlfriend should be well looked after. it might be a tumor, it might be benign, it might just be a build up of harder fatty tissue. do you know if the doctors are doing a mammogram or a biopsy? that will usually tell you more.  my wife had breast cancer a couple of years ago, and i remember how scary it all was. feel free to pm me if you want.  hang on in there!
t3_g5m3i-t3_g5m3i-c1l33ok	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	congrats. i care, i am a male so unless i have a rare case i will never get it but i have known many people that have had breast cancer (working in a plastic surgeons office) and seeing anyone beat it is fuckin awesome. go out and celebrate while giving cancer the middle finger.
t3_2k58oy-t1_clibmaf-clic47m	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5054	you just deal with it as it happens and freak out/laugh later.  one time a lady with breast cancer came into our office to see the surgeon who had recently operated on her. one of her breasts had become larger than the other, indicating that it was filled with fluid and needed to be drained. so the doctor pokes a hole... * pop * bloody pus starts spouting out like a fucking fountain.. i was in another room at the time and i hear "hey!! come in here we need towels!!" so i run into the room and drop towels on the floor around the patient. the fucking smell man, it was so foul, and the fluid was like creamy bloody pus. it took the doctor a while to finish draining the titty juice from her nasty infected titty. i asked him afterwards how much he thought came out and he said "a gallon, easily." lol. and of course this happened in a carpeted room with no windows.  also she didn't go to the hospital afterwards.  tldr: a lady's infected boob exploded nasty titty juice all over our carpet, was fucking gross/hilarious
t3_2ketsr-t1_clktmb4-clku53k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; try telling the families of women who have died from it that it's just a "pop illness."  that's not relevant. it's a popular illness and was used specifically because people think of cancer patients most commonly when they think of "the seriously ill", when in reality they aren't anywhere close to as sick as the op is until they are end-stage and in hospice, or if they have some complication that causes them to lose, say, their entire intestine(large and small).  people have this idea in their heads of "the courageous cancer patient pushing on living through 'their illness'", when in reality, they(most of them) are fine until medication side-effects happen or they have pain from a tumor or something. it is still nowhere close to the debilitating disease that the op is describing, or her situation. that's why i called it a "pop-illness", get it? i have experienced women in my family having breast  cancer, for the record.
t3_2l0733-t3_2l0733-clqiqna	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;i'm a summer camp counselor, and one week i had a little girl in my "unit" that was homesick, incurably so, and it took me hours to console her enough to sleep (the first night ended up being an all-nighter). but throughout the week i learned that she was homesick because her parents had sent her to camp so she wouldn't have to worry too much about her sick, dying mother. she couldn't not think about her sick, dying mother. her mother was so sick with cancer that she could barely walk, and stayed in a wheelchair or laying down for the entire day, and had to be helped through everything. halfway through my week with her, her family sent her a large package filled with dog stuff. magazines, stuffed animals, stickers, all that sort of stuff. she went hog wild! that night she showed me all that she had gotten (because yes, she was homesick) and told me about her aspiration to become a veterinarian and help dogs no matter what, even if the owners couldn't pay. she eventually headed off to bed, all on her own, but left the package with me in case i wanted another look. i was packing all the stuff back in neatly when i saw a note at the bottom. it was from her mother and as far as i could tell, it hadn't been touched or seen. it explained her mother's never-ending love for her little girl, and how proud she was to have a daughter just like her. she reminded her daughter to keep fighting and to keep going and to never give up. there was a post script, it said, "if you like this package, wait for the surprise i have for you on friday!" (last day of camp) i showed her daughter the note the next morning, thursday morning, and we speculated for the entire day on what the surprise could be. thursday night she cried because she was excited to be home but she was also going to miss camp, and it was difficult for me to not tear up. it turns out we were nowhere close to the surprise, because on friday afternoon, i saw a man and a woman coming down toward the kids. the woman was in a wheelchair, holding a medium-sized box, and was smiling from ear to ear. as my camper ran toward them, laughing and sobbing, her mother stood up, handed the box to the man, and held out her arms for her daughter to run into. the scene was obviously emotional, i did end up crying a bit, and then her mother handed my camper the box. inside was a puppy, an honest-to-goodness puppy, and was the whole reason she was sent to camp that week, so she could be surprised (as mom told me later). this girl is my all-time favorite camper because of her love for her family and her mother and her love for helping people. such a gentle soul with such a difficult burden placed upon her. her mother passed away this december from breast cancer. may she rest in peace.
t3_2ei70s-t3_2ei70s-ck1cu49	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom passed away a month and a day ago. we had a complicated relationship; she was abusive in many ways and everybody thought i should cut her out. but i couldn't. she was my mom.  one of the defining factors in how she treated me was to build me up about something and then tear me down, as well as make it about her. she was so proud of me when i first started running, but then she yelled at me about my "expensive hobby" even though i was giving her hundreds of dollars a month, and she nearly ruined my first half marathon.  but last year, shortly before she died, she was trying a little harder sometimes to behave better. and for christmas, instead of getting me random gross things, she got me a lovely running jacket that got me through marathon training in a polar vortex, and i knew she was proud when i would show up at the hospital in my running gear.  i had to take the week before and after she died off because i was injured and then funeral planning, but i did go for a run three days after she passed and it was really helpful. i committed to finishing up half marathon training because i knew she secretly thought it was really cool. i'm almost there now.  good for you for continuing on. there are lots of breast cancer 5ks if that would make you feel better; some people are different about that kind of thing, see how you feel. lots of internet hugs to you.
t3_2qg2y3-t1_cn6aox9-cn6bmx6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	neither of my examples are relevant to the debate. they're anecdotes, not intending to prove anything. i used them to describe why people (like the user you replied to) feel a certain way. as a side note, i did go to the emergency room, where a nurse took a look inside my ear, said "it looks fine, come back if it gets worse" and sent me home without any medication. i decided it was time to visit my family again, endured a painful 22 hour flight back to seattle, and paid $120 to get it fixed the night i got off the plane, including the antibiotics and painkillers.  in terms of actual numbers and statistics, the us consistently ranks top 5 in quality of care, medical innovation, and timeliness (by the who). the average american cancer patients (the biggest one being breast cancer) survive longer than patients in other countries. for people who can afford it, the outcome of care is very optimistic. the places where it clearly falter are cost efficiency and economic equality.  what we need to do is not throw the baby out with the bathwater. identify the problems with the system (quality not being one of the issues, cost and equity being two big ones) and cater our solution to those instead of blindly attacking the entire system as a whole.   in the current political climate and realities, it's meaningless to talk about a government run system like the nhs. the reason why a lot of people hated obamacare was not just because of insurance company funded propaganda; it's because the fear of a government run healthcare system degenerating into a va-style disaster is very real.   i'm not interested in a debate about how crappy the us healthcare system is. i'm more interested in hearing what practical solutions people have to solve its current problems, and i'm not seeing anything from either sides of the aisle. if you do have an idea other than a naive "hey x worked in y, so x will work in z", i'm open to changing my mind.
t3_50bq5z-t3_50bq5z-d73pkdm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	man, i understand entirely what you went through, really. i had the exact same sort of breast cancer scare (on a smaller scale), and told my two best friends about it, and it was just sort of an "oh... ok... anyways..." sort of moment. it really sucked, like... come on.  it's tough being the person everyone confides in, but when its your turn to speak theres no one to listen to you. just know that you did nothing wrong! although its understandable that friends often times just don't know what to say, the fact that she ghosted you is super shitty. she fucked up, not you. anyways, glad you're alright! hopefully peace of mind about your situation does some good to calm you (^:
t3_2wye93-t3_2wye93-covn2sq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6721	nuvaring gave me weekly migraines, and i never even get headaches. my doctor took me off it after two months because she said the migraines might be a sign i was at higher risk for a blood clot.   i was on the pill from ages 17-21 and i could not tolerate the tri-phase brands - i had wicked insane cramps, gained weight, was insanely moody and had absolutely zero libido on any brand and i probably tried out 8 different ones. but i was young and not really caring about the symptoms so long as i was doing some kind of bc. i got off the pill when my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer and her oncologist suggested that i stay away from hormonal bc until they knew more about her specific cancer. my mom's 11 years clear now (yay!) but i've stayed away from hormones ever since.  after using withdrawal and crossing fingers as my main bc with my boyfriend (now husband) and having way too many pregnancy scares i womanned up and got a copper iud. the insertion pain was not insane, though it did hurt but it was over really quickly. my doctor gave me all the drugs (at my request) to sedate &amp; numb me, which i highly recommend if you choose to get an iud. i had a lot of cramping and lower back pain for the first 6 weeks, just like random sharp jabs as my uterus got used to the copper tenant. i took naproxen a lot - there were days where i just wanted to get it removed, but my bff who has one and encouraged me to tough it out and encouraged me that it does get better. so i did and after that adjustment period it was fine. my menstruation did become markedly heavier and crampier, but it was totally worth it to not have to worry at all about bc.   i had my iud removed after having it for 2 years. i found it was causing some low-grade general inflammation in my body which caused me to feel not bad, but never great. it also really exacerbated my lactose intolerance for some reason. the lower back pain began to get really annoying and the trouble of going through these symptoms when we were perfectly ready to get pregnant seemed futile. so a few months after we got married i had it removed; though we are not intending to get pregnant for another year or so.  a lot of my girlfriends ask me whether the iud is worth it - and i say a resounding yes! it was so great to not have to worry about getting pregnant, even with the side effects, they were still way more manageable than hormonal bc was for me. you really have to tough it out for the first month or so, but then you're good for like 5-10 years! amazing!
t3_2su3vy-t3_2su3vy-cntalir	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	it's hard to know.  i have metastatic breast cancer myself, have gone through some very rough times, but have always remained in good spirits.  i don't know why, and i don't know if there is any way to help somebody out of something like that.    there are mood and depression medications which can be given to cancer patients and maybe that is something you can look into.  other than that, i can only offer that you be understanding and supportive and try not to let his moods affect you too much.  i am not sure you can make him happy but you can support him - listen to him talk if he wants, sit in silence if he doesn't, etc.   it is not an easy thing to face the fact that your life is going to be cut short and everybody manages it differently.
t3_1q4sl5-t3_1q4sl5-cd9n5lv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7393	so my mom is the youngest of 13, herself and her closest oldest sister being twins. there are only 3 sisters left (now) my favorite aunt and uncle happened to also be my god parents. they were very important to me. one year my ex navy, steel mill working uncle was diagnosed with cancer. that was very hard news for me to take, but treatment did it's work and he beat cancer. then he beat it another 6 times. one holiday when i was 18, my parents bought me a case of guinness which i was enjoying with laughter and great conversation with my god parents, as the other family milled about. my other aunt now has about two bottles of wine in her. she sees me drinking and calls me an alcoholic, my god mother right she was referencing her and her husband, a verbal fight breaks out with my god mother saying andy (her husband) had beat cancer and deserves to enjoy a couple of beers. my god parents go out to the garage, where i go out to calm the situation, i saw my god father, the man i considered a second father to me, balling his eyes out. i couldn't help my self and joined in on tears with them. my uncle took a turn for the worse a couple years later lying in a hospice with brain cancer, coughing up blood. i refused to go see him even once, even though he requested to see me. he passed, violently, and the last time i saw him was at his funeral, where his kids from his first marriage showed up (they aren't very close with our family) his sons look exactly like him, it was a shock to a lot of us seeing our deceased family member almost in the flesh again. my one aunt finally makes her prima donna appearance. waddling her fat ass in showy, sequined fat people closes, loudly bitching to anyone near by how horrible her day is going. first the nail salon screwed up her nails, then the wrong color, then she got stuck in traffic, and lastly detoured her 400$ white coach purse in dirt. all before saying her condolences to her stone faced sister, who is fighting back the tears of seeing her husband of 35 years dead. i calmly let go of my god mother's hand, stand up, walk over to my prima donna aunt and said "you're having the worst day of your life?! your sister is burying her husband today and all you can think about is you? i pick up a glass of red wine and dumped it on her white 400$ purse, and looked her in the eye, and told her " now you have something to bitch about, don't talk to me again, you're dead to me"  my god mother clung to my arm, dug her frail hands into mine and cried into my shoulder.  she discovered a year later she had breast cancer while helping her husband fight off his. she fought hard and long, the cancer finally took her from me 3 months ago. i went and saw her in the hospital before she passed, and i got to kiss her, and i begged with her to kick cancers ass so she can see me propose and get married to my gf, who she loved. ( my aunt hated my ex of 7 years and threatened her life after we broke up and stole about 10k in money over the years, she grew close to my current gf always talking to her and telling her embarrassing stores of me)  she died holding my dad's hand, her best friend, my dad who had never cried in his life, even at his fathers funeral, couldn't console himself. at her memorial, the same cunt of an aunt threw a temper tantrum cause my family didn't play ave maria, stopping the ceremony, silencing the attenders, and embarrassing herself entirely, red in the face, fat ankles stomping the ground.   we played ave maria as my parents and i who were sitting in the front row, got up to walk down the isle to the exit. i smiled and flicked off my aunt to the song of ave maria.  i know it's not as inappropriate ad some of your stories, but to me that is the biggest offence i've ever witnessed, and i hate my aunt to this day
t3_2j86tb-t1_cl9bouz-cl9fqw2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.756	when my grandmother was dying of cancer, life got very hard for me. i'd only ever lost a great aunt before (and i was young then, so i didn't remember a lot), and my grandmother's progression was hard for me to handle. rather than growing closer to her and being there more often, i buried myself in my books, my studies, and my hobbies. i tried to hide away at school and forget what was going on, and i rarely called. my mother, my uncle, and my grandfather were extremely close with her during her last few months (my mother even lived with her to help take care of her).  she was diagnosed with stage iv breast cancer, and it had already metastasized into her bones. later we'd find it had spread to her lungs, brain, and more. prototype chemotherapy and more was used, but nothing worked. she lived a year longer than the doctors expected, though.  but in those final months, and especially the last two months, i tried to hide. i didn't talk to anyone about her and if my mother mentioned her i'd always be "busy." i was hiding.  don't do what i did, and don't hide. there's tears in my eyes just remembering and typing this.  i talked to her on the phone the day before she died. she'd gone home,  and we all knew it was coming. it was the middle of the week and i was going to go home for the weekend to see her one last time. i told her i loved her over the phone, and i told her i'd see her again.  the next morning, before my first class of the day, my mother called me and she was all choked up. i knew what had happened. i was so angry. i was angry with myself, with life, with everything. i'd made a promise to her and wouldn't ever be able to make it then. i'd passed up so many times to see her because i had tried to avoid her and her illness. i'd never been more hurt, angry, and depressed.  it's been two years and i still hate how i was, and how i didn't see her enough. she would talk and ramble, saying things that none of us understood (the cancer had gotten to her bad), and i'll honestly say i just didn't know how to handle it.  i should be doing homework right now, but something's telling me to just tell my story and tell you not to take the route you're taking. you should go more. cherish her, love her, and appreciate her, because when that hard time finally comes, you'll regret not having been there for her. i always will.
t3_26ysj2-t1_chvvwj6-chvw8u4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6707	canada is far more spread out and has a far smaller population to tax to support that sort of infrastructure.  the er-as-socialized-medicine system we have now is costing us more per capita than canada's universal system thanks to reagan.  it also doesn't treat on-going conditions like cancer/heart disease/diabetes and it still bankrupts the american using it.    i'm canmerican.  an american who grew up in northern canada and still works regularly in alberta.  canadians know their system isn't perfect but i have yet to meet any who would trade it for an american system.  a good friend was recently diagnosed with breast cancer.  she had a lumpectomy and lymph node removal in less than 3 weeks.  i researched the wait time in the u.s. and the average was 6 weeks.  it would be a better, more cost-effective system because we have collective bargaining power and it would help control the spiralling and artificially high cost of medical care/procedures/equipment.
t3_x0xu7-t1_c5i6zam-c5i733n	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6589	she was diagnosed with breast cancer over a year ago, but went into remission ten months or so later. then a month ago they found a tumor in her cerebellum when she went to the er complaining of severe headaches, and she had surgery to remove it the next day. she's been doing chemotherapy and taking various medications to deal with swelling and anxiety, but quit them all without telling anyone till this morning. she seems pretty lucid, so would i have to prove that she is incapable of making sound decisions or something?
t3_43v5mc-t3_43v5mc-czl64j5	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6531	my only experience with this in my family is sort of odd, so i apologize if it isn't helpful.  when i was 10, my grandmother was diagnosed with breast cancer right before thanksgiving, when she found a lump under her arm. the doctors were optimistic, and so was our family. she began undergoing both chemo and radiation, and purchased a nice wig that looked just like her hair when she lost it. at the same time, my grandfather had a heart attack and had to have surgery, so she became much more focused on him, driving back and forth to the hospital where he had bypasses and a pacemaker.  my grandfather made it through his surgeries (and went on to live another 15 years) and shortly after he was discharged, he was home watching tv with my granny when she suddenly had a seizure.   they went back to the hospital for testing, and it turned out that she never had breast cancer at all, she had melanoma, which has a much lower survival rate. while she was being treated for the lump under her arm, it had spread to her brain, triggering the seizure. she only lived about a month after that. we found out much later that she'd actually had the melanoma for over a decade - she'd had a growth removed from her hip 14 years prior but no additional treatment, and it had just been brewing in her ever since.
t3_40axat-t1_cytf2rv-cyth78e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	eh, good point, but here's a counter point:  you have a shell fish allergy and keep an epipen in your (locked) bag. suddenly, you go into anaphylaxis because you didn't know that that pasta had crab in it. your friend grabs your bag, only to find that he can't get inside! now, you're fumbling with the lock: 9... (the age you had your first pet, jack, the jack russell terrier) 4... (the number of letters in jack's name) and... what was the last number? you can't remember because your swelling esophagus is preventing you from drawing enough breath, and now your brain is becoming deprived of oxygen.  your entire life begins to flash before your eyes; your fifth birthday party where you accidentally pissef your pants and cried in front of ask your friends; your first date with that girl cheryl who have you the clap; and that 5k you ran in support of breast cancer awareness after your mom got breast cancer... wait! that was it! 1! that's the next number! the number of breasts your mom lost! you realize in that moment how odd it was to use that for your combination lock... but it does you no good. it's to late. at this point you are too weak and delusional to enter the last number. as you fade away, you hear your friend calling your babe in the distance. your final regret—that your dying thought is about your mom's left tit—gradually evaporates, and your existence fades to nothingness.  all because you didn't use a key ring!
t3_3t7do2-t3_3t7do2-cx44zxn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	for me, it was pearl and trixie. i thought they had a great concept, put together a solid look, and then sold it. i lost it at "good evening distinguished panel of judges..."  that being said, i loved katya and mkd's whole schtick as well. a close second.  violet and max were beautiful in the black widow realness and i appreciate violet incorporating the white hair or max's character.  kennedy and jasmine were pretty but that was is. i wish they'd have sold it more and that there wasn't the panels showing their legs not conjoined.  jaidynn and tempest did the best they could but with their height difference it was just too difficult.  fame and kandy had a well thought out look, i just wished they'd have sold it a little more.  and ginger and sasha were hilarious but i'm glad they were in the bottom 2 so that we got to see that double mastectomy in the lsfyl. it was an iconic moment for me
t3_316mir-t1_cpza2q0-cq05rsg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	only slightly. we learned that condoms did absolutely nothing to prevent aids because aids is very small and can go right through the rubber and infect us. also everyone who engages in premarital sex probably has herpagonasyphilaids which will cause your genitals to rot right off and there's nothing you can do about it because as a species we have never cured anyone of any std, ever.      as an adult i know that usually a round of antibiotics can clear up pretty much any std if treated at the first sign of discomfort, but to hear my teacher tell it, if you had premarital sex you'd be at blue waffle faster than you can say 'judgement day.'      we learned about two kinds of birth control: condoms and pills. pills would make you infertile and give you breast cancer and prevent pregnancy, maybe, sometimes. condoms prevented pregnancy and stds in much the same manner that dreamcatchers ward off nightmares. more a superstitious custom than any sort of medical reasoning.       *having* condoms and birth control pills, though, would immediately drive any teenager out of their mind with insane lust and make them powerless to prevent themselves from falling to the ground and fornicating with anyone who passed by. that's why it was important to never have any where you could get to them, lest you fall under their spell. in this manner birth control makes you more likely to get stds or pregnant, because without them, you'd have no choice but to remain abstinent, which prevents all bad things from happening to you.         in reality we just came up with a really, really, really, really long list of things that "didn't count" as "real sex" and decided we couldn't get stds from any of those things. kinda like you can't gain weight from food if nobody catches you eating it.
t3_2p64nk-t1_cmuddfv-cmuex57	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7583	i have zero history of breast cancer in my family, but i'll definitely have it addressed when i can afford it because i actually didn't know that. my mother is a nurse and she's confidant it's an infection due to a sensitivity to antiperspirant. i've had infections in the lymph nodes in my throat twice (once actually became almost deadly) and i've never had a doctor address it as more than an infection and a low immune system issue.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrw8as	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	in october of 2011 my mom had her annual mamogram and found out she had breast cancer, stage 1.  because it had been 4 years since my last mamogram and with her being diagnosed with breast cancer i scheduled an appointment for a mamogram.  that night, i got a call from the doctor wanting me to come in for a higher density scan.  so i went in the next day, and they had me wait in the waiting room while the doctor looked at the results.  they called me in and said they wanted to do a biopsy.  the doctor told me right there i had breast cancer. turned out to be stage 3b.  so after several tests, doctor appts, chemo, radiation, mastectomy, implants, and another surgery to come... i am cancer free and so is my mom.  i truely feel she got cancer so i would find mine.  if it wasnt for her, i don't know when i would have "gotten around" to getting my annual mamogram.  so for all you people, don't put off getting your annual exams whether is a mamogram, pap smear, colonoscopy.  make that appointment, it could save your life.  i know it did mine.
t3_2uzld9-t3_2uzld9-cod9d1i	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6714	i find the people who push to get everything done are in denial about the health of their loved one. i looked after stroke patients, some of which were quite elderly. the poor patients would have a tracheotomy, feeding tubes just to keep them alive. the sad part was they had no quality of life, a lot of them were unresponsive. so they will spend the rest of their lives in a nursing home in a bed waiting to die. if that person's heart stops, we would have to do everything to bring them back only for it to happen all over again. sometimes it's your time to die, and i'm thinking many people would rather die than be unresponsive in a hospital bed.   i can also talk about this in a personal sense. i have stage 4 breast cancer and while i am healthy right now, it gives me comfort that if the cancer came back i may have a say in how i die. i don't want to suffer for days or weeks in the hospital. i don't want my kids to see me go from what i am now to a shell of a body. i don't want my husband to watch me suffer each day or wonder when i will die. if i get to that point, i hope i can ask my doctor to help me die in peace with my family surrounding me. i've seen people suffer for weeks, with family members refusing to give the patients pain meds because it will affect their breathing. the patients are going to die anyway, the morphine may make it happen sooner but it will also make it less painful and more peaceful.
t3_24nvo8-t3_24nvo8-ch92raw	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer and ended up getting a bilateral mastectomy.  prior to that, i had large breast (44 d) and then becoming flat chested was so depressing.  a year in a half later, i finally got my implants.  my breast implants are half the size of my natural breast, but i appreciate my new boobs.
t3_3hnhmh-t3_3hnhmh-cu90zso	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey, not saying it's nothing but don't sweat it. when i was fooling around with my boyfriend a few years ago (i think i was 21/22) my so noticed more than one lump in my breasts. i made an appointment and the doctor said he would set up an x-ray for me at the hospital to see if it's serious, and that if it looked peculiar there'd be a needle biopsy done to see if it was cancerous or not.   i went for the x-ray basically pooping my pants while my mother and so waited outside for me (not to mention this was probably 2-3 months after seeing my doctor). i got the x-ray and was told my breasts are healthy and it is just fatty tissue. i was told if these lumps grow or i start to notice lumps in my armpit to come in immediately. seeing as i have no breast cancer in my family history i figured i shouldn't worry too much (i still did though).   did your doctor set you up for an x-ray or just say keep an eye on it? do checks in the shower. it doesn't need to be every time you take a shower but you should check quite often. check for shape and size differences and feel into your armpit as well! i have been checking for years now since that scare and my lumps have not changed one bit. just be aware and do self checks. don't freak out unless there is reason too!
t3_43au8p-t3_43au8p-czgusxo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8743	sorry to hear your mum has cancer.  but yes i agree i was diagnosed with breast cancer in january 2015 at 26! had the chemo, surgery and radation they say they got it all so fingers crossed heh :-). but yes it was all of a sudden everywhere adverts, family guy episodes (although at least them ones made me laugh) but it was also in a few series me and the husband watch i also and a character in a book i was reading got cancer, then to top it off my step sister also 26 got cervical cancer it's like i couldn't get away from it!
t3_175fc5-t3_175fc5-c82dbah	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i did 8 rounds of ac-t, finished that up 11/08/12. then i had my bilateral mastectomy and node biopsy 12/10/12, during which we discovered tumor had only shrunk to 2.5 cm (from almost 10) and 1/16 lymph nodes tested positive. i have triple negative breast cancer, and am brca negative. my scans are clear, but this seemed like the best course of action. officially stage iib, and pretty damn happy about it.
t3_1ksc0b-t1_cbs5arc-cbs8421	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5693	correct. my mother had her second mastectomy yesterday. the second breast was cancer free, but she had a 25% reoccurrence risk. her logic for getting it removed now? "i've already paid my full deductible for the year, so it would cost more in the future if it comes back."  her deductible is $5000. insurance has "paid" about $15,000 for three surgeries, chemo and radiation.
t3_2r6rtt-t1_cnd97ma-cndhd1o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have no idea if it happens in breast cancer treatment, but i do know it often occurs in other charities notably emergency relief.  often times people will donate money written so that it is explicitly only usable for food (reassurance that money won't be squandered by bureaucracy or corrupt government).  problem is, oftentimes food isn't needed as much as housing and medical supplies.  however, since the money is "only usable for food" the charities can't utilize it.  now, in breast cancer there may not be such a thing.  maybe excess funds are just diverted into r&amp;d or what have you.  but there's still a question of how efficiently that money is used.  it's probable that there's a peak at which the most value can be utilized for each dollar and that steadily declines with each successive donation.  diversifying funds to more charities would stretch the value of each dollar.
t3_14q28r-t1_c7fiiaz-c7fldcw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	relative to what?  i thought we were making really good strides in breast cancer remission rates.  http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-info/cancerstats/types/breast/survival/breast-cancer-survival-statistics  http://www.breastcancer.org/research-news/20100930  would it really be unreasonable to expect 10-year remission rates above 95% or even 99% in the next 20-50 years?  also it seems like we have a much better understanding of the desease now than we did even 15 years ago.  obviously there's not going to be a single drug that kills cancer but with strides in genome sequencing and cell targeting, is it really that unreasonably to think that most cancers will have &gt;95% 10 year remission rate within the next 50 years?
t3_4xr21e-t1_d6igrmr-d6mcecq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; for how many years have we been parading around pink ribbons and collecting piles of money for breast cancer research? decades. and where has it taken us? vastly improved outcomes.  an aside to that, a woman here a few years ago was dying of pancreatic cancer (and has since died) was taking part in an ad campaign. the advert she was in said "i wish i had breast cancer". obviously because of the much better outcomes, based in increased knowledge from massive funding - and the importance of the pancreas in the body making everything regarding its function very difficult. she, a woman dying of cancer, received hate mail - including a wishing that she would die - because she would rather have treatable breast cancer than terminal pancreatic cancer. these people tried to have a very powerful and apt campaign taken down because someone they knew died of breast cancer or they survived it themselves, so obviously this woman didn't deserve any money to go towards the cancer that would kill her. a cancer that has had very little change in survival rates - if any - for years.
t3_35349e-t1_cr0qm50-cr0qx4c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a great understanding of how the er and hospital system as a whole works. my mother survived breast cancer and i've spent countless days in the hospital and outside dealing with them.  in addition i had a benign tumor removed from my arm and spent a few days in the hospital. wasn't at the er though.  i simply shared my anecdotal story of shitty service at the hospital. the doctor and nurses apologized for the wait and said it was crazy i had to wait that long with pretty severe appendicitis that required immediate surgery.  likely after hearing people's stories it was likely a nurse who gave me this shitty treatment as she took my symptoms and such, which is even more terrifying.  i don't know why you're mad i don't want an apology in simply pointing how the system is retarded.
t3_2h50uk-t1_ckpscoc-ckpvjhq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	probably just either: a) a cyst or b) a swollen lymph node.   i've had both, and they are both terrifying. i thought i had breast cancer once (thanks, boobs).  of course, i am not a doctor, so don't quote me. if you really feel that uncomfortable, get it biopsied
t3_17up18-t3_17up18-c89iq2s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i work with a lot of cancer patients and have lost many of them over the last few years. i've also lost an uncle to cancer, and have an aunt who is dealing with stage iv breast cancer. just recently, i dealt with the death of a young patient in her 20's to cancer, someone i'd come to know over the last year. it was pretty tough. i cried during my shift while i was caring for her, and then cried the day after she died, and i don't mean just a few tears - it was full blown bawling with an ache deep in my chest.  one thing i learned was that my co-workers are a valuable support system. they had all been in my shoes, watched long-time patients die right in front of their eyes, knew that sense of helplessness and guilt. on the day i lost that patient, my nursing co-workers all gave me hugs, told me their own similar experiences, and offered words of support. our spiritual counselor came to talk to me and helped to sort through and validate my feelings. even the doctor came and offered his support to me. if you trust your fellow nurses enough, try talking with them. i'd imagine that some of them are working through their grief for your co-worker, too.  some other things i've learned:  * crying is ok. feeling sad and angry and anxious is ok. these are normal responses to a bad situation. these things don't make you weak - it makes you human. it means you care, and you need to care to be a good friend and nurse.  * death does not mean failure. it is a natural process that we must all go through at some point in time. this doesn't make it any less sad, of course, but typical western culture likes to deny death and keep it at arm's length, and so we rely on modern medicine to prevent death for as long as possible. as a result, medicine usually takes on the viewpoint of death = failure of medicine. this also makes us, as health care providers, feel even guiltier when we lose a patient.  * death is also not necessarily a *bad* thing. you've probably seen it yourself - people who are in pain, suffering, and have no quality of life at all barely hanging on to life by virtue of medical intervention alone. i remember this one little old lady, her body constantly contracted, bed sores on her heels and coccyx, unable to move or do anything, always in pain, screaming if you only touched her...yet, only dialysis kept her alive. her death - nice and peaceful - was probably a blessing.  * one of my co-workers is a cancer survivor. when we were talking about losing our young patient and the guilt we felt for the all the years she would miss out on, my co-worker said, "looking at it from the other side, from the perspective of a cancer survivor, i don't see it as 'she had so many years left to live.' i see it as, 'she had 27 years. 27 *good* years.' i don't see it as, 'what she could have done' but more like, she got to graduate, she went to prom, she got married and started a family." life is what you make of it. you have to live it to the best of your ability, and if you can support your friend in that way, then i think s/he'd appreciate that.  * it's ok to give yourself some "me" time - find a positive outlet for your feelings and take the time to take care of yourself. me? i personally went out to dinner with some friends, watched a funny movie, and played some emotional songs on the piano.  * also, your workplace should have some sort of counseling service available to staff. we have a spiritual counselor who is pretty regular on our floor (she's supposed to be available to the whole hospital but since we're oncology/palliative, she finds herself needed on our floor the most), and she offers a listening ear to anyone, even staff. however, if you feel these negative feelings are majorly impacting your life for longer than 3 days or so, you may want to look into finding professional help. remember: these feelings don't make you crazy or weak, but having a person who knows how to help you work through these feelings would be very beneficial, i think.  edit: spelling, yo.
t3_25t7u8-t1_chkqsov-chkrnif	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i suppose the first question is whether she has had a consultation with a surgeon? the  most important component of breast cancer treatment is the surgery. depending on the extent of the disease identified in the surgical specimen, she may or may not require additional treatments. the surgeon would refer her to an oncologist to discuss this.  so, has she met with doctors? if she has not, you could try to ask her with as much non-judgment as you can muster, why she has not and find a way to encourage her to do so. if you can't discuss this with her without getting upset/angry find someone who can...her primary care doctor, or other family members. seeing the doctors and talking to them about what may be going on is about gathering information....knowledge is power. if she understands her disease, her treatment options and the potential consequences of doing or not doing treatment and in the end chooses not to then she will have made an informed decision. that is what matters most...we all have the right to choose what we want or don't want in terms of treatment. the real problem is that sometimes people make these decisions without realizing what they are truly choosing.  on another note, she may be afraid of treatments (chemo. radiation, surgery) getting her to talk about her fears, to name them can help her move past them enough to seek medical information.    it is never easy when you know what the "right"thing to do is and someone you love or care about does not want to do it. in the end, what may be most difficult is accepting that this is indeed the path that she may take.  p.s. what does your brother think of all this? and in your opinion, why is she not pursuing oncologic treatments?
t3_45za16-t1_d01knfm-d01lfw8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6673	yes, i agree his decision is at best questionable. watching the trial was very painful. my ptsd from my own legal abuse kicked in and i've been stuck in this sub "black hole" since.   here's a great example of judicial misconduct that is completely ignored by those charged with keeping the system honest. during one of my numerous and frivolous hearings my ex was on the stand. the judge asked him (my ex is the director of public works for a very small city in michigan) *"does your wife (we had been divorced for over a year at this point) suffer from any form of mental illness?"* of course my ex responds, "*well, she's seen a therapist off and on for sometime."*   yup, got fired the day after i told my boss i had breast cancer and then had a mastectomy and reconstruction along with two staph infections...etc. good time to see a therapist, especially when you have zero support at home.   i was seeing a forensic psychologist at the time. he was outraged and suggested i file a complaint. instead, i filed a motion requesting  the judge recuse himself from my case for asking my ex to render an opinion, while under oath, as to my mental stability. he refused.   the law allowed me to file a motion with the chief judge requesting he over-rule my judge's refusal. the chief judge also refused to remove my judge. his reasoning; *"after reading the transcripts and watching the video, judge bell did nothing wrong. it is common for a family court judge to ask the litigant about her mental health."*    hmm, either the chief judge needed glasses and hearing aids, or he was complicit in the corruption. i choose the latter. **this is what public corruption looks like.**   and i had an attorney during this hearing who did nothing to address the judge's incredible ethical violation. a judge cannot ask a public works guy to render an opinion about another litigant's mental health...unless he also has a phd in psych and is deemed an expert witness. duh!
t3_1oixlr-t1_ccsgfbt-ccsuwt0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	edit: oops it isn't the komen foundation. but you are still wrong. the money is going to research in this case through the american cancer society. [here is their info on grants](http://www.cancer.org/research/applyforaresearchgrant/granttypes/index)  this is simply not true. i have actually done breast cancer genomics research on a komen foundation grant. i also know post-docs that got funded by komen post-doc grants. [here is their info on grants](http://ww5.komen.org/researchgrants/fundingopportunities.html)
t3_1nkyyj-t1_ccjjsag-ccjlrde	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	reminds me of the list being maintained at fark:  list of people conspiring against the gop, and therefore, america (lopcatgopata for short):   • liberals  • democrats  • socialists  • community organizers  • geologists  • biologists  • meteorologists  • climatologists  • atheists  • muslims  • jews  • satan  • abc  • nbc  • cnn  • cbs  • pbs  • all of cable news except fnc¹  • the new york times  • the la times  • the washington post  • the associated press  • reuters  • bbc  • the guardian  • black people  • mexicans  • human rights activists  • scotus  • europe  • movie industry  • television industry  • environmentalists  • aclu  • the united nations  • labor unions  • colleges  • teachers (including kindergarten teachers)  • professors  • acorn  • planned parenthood  • link  • fashion industry  • gays  • judges  • npr  • paleontologists  • astrophysicists  • museums²  • who  • wto  • inflated tires  • the honolulu advertiser  • the star bulletin  • teletubbies  • sponge bob and patrick  • nobel prize committee  • us census bureau  • noaa  • sesame street  • comic books  • little green footballs  • video games  • the holy bible  • cbo  • bruce springsteen  • pennies  • the theory of relativity  • comedy central  • young people  • whatever the hell a "justin beiber" is  • small business owners  • math  • cpac  • navy seals  • the economist  • the muppets  • iowa republicans  • low-flow toilets  • breast cancer screenings  • chrysler  • clint eastwood  • robert deniro  • tom hanks  • glenn frey  • norman rockwell  • james cameron  • dr. seuss  • nuns  • supreme court justice john roberts  • jonathan krohn at age 17  • fact checkers  • australia  • mitt romney  • rasmussen  • fox news³  • lockheed martin  • bureau of labor statistics  • paul ryan  • debate moderators  • ben stein  • soup kitchens  • chris christie  • nate silver  (fivethirtyeight.com)  • fox polling  • us postal service  • associated press  • hurricanes  • susan collins  • lisa murkowski  • dean heller  • mark kirk  • lindsey graham  • governor bobby jindal  • general petreaus  • saxby chambliss  • god  • girl scouts  • boston tea party  • vegetables  • american indians  • stephen king, tom coburn, jeff flake, alan simpson, and john mccain, et al  • john boehner  • rainbows  • simcity  • bono  • bono impersonators  • brookings institution  • tax policy centre  • dogs  • pollsters  • matt drudge  • mitch mcconnel  __________________________________________________  ¹ subsequently amended to include fnc ― see 79 items down the list  ² except creation museum  ³ told'ja!   the list of job creating, small government proposals by the gop to save america:  (lojcsgpbtftsa for short)   • ban/restrict abortion  • redefine "rape"  • end net neutrality  • ban gay marriage  • investigate muslims  • voter id  • secession  • make obama show his birth certificate*  • repeal union rights  • restrict voting ability of college students  • de-fund obama's teleprompter†  • de-fund npr and pbs.  • declare global warming a fraud.  • repeal healthcare.  • read the constitution‡  • raise taxes on girl scouts.  • budget cuts to kill 1 million jobs.  • get rid of fluorescent light bulbs.  • ban sharia law.  • force women to see sonograms of their soon-to-be aborted fetuses.  • renew patriot act.  • restore f35's second engine.  • eliminate assange.  • criminalize miscarriages  • defund planned parenthood  • declare english america's official language  • put "in god we trust" on all federal buildings  • extend bush tax cuts for top earners.  • deny foodstamps to families of workers who go on strike  • relax child labor laws.  • push for a government shutdown by attaching riders to the budget bill that they previously agreed to drop.  • return to styrofoam cups in the cafeteria, in place of biodegradable cups.  • make english the official language ― because it will save the environment. no, really.
t3_mmwcb-t3_mmwcb-c326rko	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we welcome you to discover yoni tantra healing. 1. yoni puja will heal all trauma experienced in past relationship thus enjoying a more blissful relationship with your present lover.  2. repairs and rejuvenate your womb and body, thus keeps you young and healthy  3. promotes healthy cells teeming with energy can help you defeat: anxiety and depression chronic fatigue environmental toxins heart disease fibroid cancer, especially in the womb and breast tumor insomnia and many more  4. boost cellular ability to fight free radical  5. eliminates cellular damage (dna)  6. serves as a powerful anti-aging energy  7. help to have a healthy and easy preganancy  8. easy pregnancy, especially whose who have not been successful before, when considered medically fit to conceive.  9. sound is a miracle fuel for cellular health, it fights against illnesses
t3_1kev2j-t3_1kev2j-cbokc9d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6751	my mom literally begging me to not let the ambulance take her away to the hospital. she had been diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer less than two weeks earlier and one morning we couldn't get her out of bed and she was having trouble breathing. so my little brother and i called 911. when the paramedics got there she freaked out and begged me to not let them take her. i promised her that i would bring her back home as soon as she was feeling better. once she got to the hospital she went downhill fast. later that night she passed away. her begging me to let her stay home was the last coherent thing she said to me that day.    i made the wrong decision.
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czrcvkb	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	it sucks to be in this position - i've been there. i had a bout with breast cancer at 29. after starting chemo i kept my hair as long as i could but knew it was going to go. i remember keeping it up in a bun for 3 or 4 days because if i took it out, too much would have come with it.   if it's falling out in clumps it's time, it's already gone and that is ok. i was shocked to find that i still looked like myself without any hair. i was surprised that i thought i looked good without any hair. i had had long hair my entire life!   it is scary to think about not having hair because you've had it forever. it seems strange to navigate the world without hair but you can survive without it. honestly, it made me feel like a badass a lot of the time. it truly is just hair and it will grow back. mine grew back the exact same color and texture. the grow back process may be slower than you expect (it has been for me at least). i'm just now able to put my hair into a ponytail - still celebrating those little victories :)   it's also scary because now, even strangers will know you have cancer. i was afraid of scaring children... but! i found that when i didn't have hair, children gave me the best smiles and did not judge me in the slightest. having cancer teaches you all sort of things about the world.  i love the idea posted of taking fun pictures, i wish i did. also! keep a journal. that's another thing i wish i did. please remember to be kind to yourself during all of this. a hidden benefit of loosing your hair during chemo... you dont have to shave your legs!   sending love in solidarity!  tldr: if it's falling out in clumps it's time, it's already gone and that is ok. you can survive without it and it may teach you a few things about the world and yourself.
t3_3wx5tp-t1_cy05jwf-cy0a9ep	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	transplanted hearts do have a shelf life, like all thing in life nothing is certain, some last a short time, some well over 20years.   there are other issues as well as the organ itself. reduced immune system patients have higher incidents of types of cancers, i have had skin cancer twice, breast cancer (male) once. chemo is an issue and radiography as both damage transplanted organs.  transplanted organs are not robust, they cannot suffer the same degree of disease or damage. the drug regime is punishing, you usually take more than one immuno, life long high doses of steroids, and the drugs themselves damage other body tissues in particular kidneys.  rejection isn't really the serious issue it used to be, modern and more effective drugs, also it is rare for body to reject the complete organ, more usually rejects of part one.  in my own case i suffered little to no rejection, however i had to stay in for a year post transplant, as my body was so damaged by my own heart.  i have issues of muscle fatigue, ocular migraine, conscious awakening,  and chest infection/colds take months to recover  i cannot give blood anywhere, not can i receive it, no anti-biotics, no beta-blockers, no live vaccinations.  i have a free diet. on the list of 5 rules, in order. take your drugs on time, no weight gain, little alcohol, keep active, enjoy your life. smoking is not even in the rules, although they don't like it. i dont smoke but i know some that do  for very children the transplanted hearts responds to the growth hormone, so the heart grows with them, the longer you have it the less likely for rejection. i'm 15 years now, the longest i know is 26 years.  it does give you a full life. i am not disabled, run my own business employing over 80staff and i also have a day job
t3_1pqxh0-t3_1pqxh0-cd55nxx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.688	so let me tell you all a story of my now dead ex wife. we had tried for  a while to get pregnant, in the end all the medical assistance proved fruitless, she was not medically able to carry a child and would never be able to have a baby. this women went obsessive and it ended up destroying the marriage, life moved on and she resented never having a kid, even to the point that she claimed i did everything i could not to have one (yea i wasted 6 grand at a shot just for shits giggles and laughs).. she was ripe for the picking....  she ended up meeting one of these so called "psychics" who told her she was going to have a baby and that she would name it something or other, she had it as a boy and she said the person told her things she had seen like him coming around a barn blah blah blah.. ( my ex saw a little girl by a red barn somehow this now was a boy humm gee wonder where that came from) my ex developed breast cancer that is fueled by estrogen and it was caught later, but with the proper medical assistance and a hysterectomy to take out her poly-cystic overies she would have a much better chance... her answer as we spoke on the phone 3000 miles away made me boil, she asked me what i thought she should do, i was blunt either die or have the surgery you are not able to have kids this life time ever..... she took ther "psychic's" advice cause you know they know so much about medicine ect....lora died of her cancer, in pain and suffering....she might have anyway, she dodged death a few times from other things, but in the end the fucking bullshit fed her by a parasite who took her greif and used it for gain.. well.. you can all figure it out, i do believe in ghosts and strange occurrences i also know if they ask you for money they are going to lie and take you for what they can. tell this to your mom, let her know these people are frauds they lie to make money off her they can not hold a real job so they rip off the public... i challenge any of them to read me and be right.... they wont be
t3_2ta2t2-t1_cnx3ley-cny5ep1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow!  i had breast cancer over three years ago.  my ct showed pulmonary nodules prior to chemo and been getting regular ct scans of my chest.  i am on my last scan since all have been stable with no changes but am over due, should of had it done over 6 months ago.  it stresses me out to no end getting these scans, but maybe i should schedule it soon.  i may be that guy laughing and full of cancer.
t3_1dorvl-t3_1dorvl-c9sfvo2	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother had cancer. she came home from the doctor, bawling her eyes out, when i was thirteen. no one knew what was wrong, we all thought someone had died. it was terrifying, the woman who raised me from birth, the psychologically strongest person in the world to me, was destroyed. she sat the whole family down, and through her sodden eyes, looked at us, and told us she had been diagnosed with breast cancer. all the males in the family and several of our male family friends shaved our heads to empathize. our grandmother drove 12 hours to be with her, and to help take care of us kids.  she went through four months of chemotherapy. she was bald, sickly, and nauseous. to see a woman so beaten down was terrifying, i was just old enough to know how scary it is, but no more than that, making it all the more horrid.  this year, she celebrated her 8th year cancer free. she's run several marathons since.  don't just lie down, man. family will help. friends will help.  yeah, chemotherapy is really going to suck. but family and friends can make it suck less.  i'm sharing my personal experience with you, take what you want from it. it's not meant to pressure or direct.
t3_1lfgr0-t3_1lfgr0-cbyuk84	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is so weird! i called my insurance company today to find out about the brca gene test coverage. my mom and grandma (maternal) both had breast cancer and i think they're going to cover it. i also asked about the double mastectomy and was told it would be covered! and reconstruction! i'm so sorry your news hasn't been as good :( have you thought about switching insurance? you could also speak to a doctor about contacting your insurance with a very aggressive suggestion that you need it done. they are the ones that push it through so, if you get someone you have a good relationship with, they could really up the ante! just some suggestions. good luck to you!
t3_1i6yx0-t3_1i6yx0-cb2es76	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	finished got some commemorative from the credit union but no silver. however i got 2 rolls of 2013 uncirculated laura secord quarters colour and no colour so i'm gonna hold onto those!  the count for the 6 rolls from the bank are;  * 1967 centennial linx silver quarter x2  **1992 provincial 125 anniversary coin set**  * yukon x2  * north west territories x3  * british columbia x4  * alberta x2  * saskatchewan x3   * manitoba x2  * ontario x3  * quebec x2  * new foundland x3  * nova scotia x3  * new brunswick x2  * prince edward island x3    **1999 millennial**    * january 4  * february 3  * march 4  * april 4  * may 3  * june 3  * july 4  * august 4  * september 4  * october 4   * november 4  * december 4   **2000 millennial**  * community x 5  * natural legacy x5  * health x3  * creativity x3  * family x3  * wisdom x6  * achievement x3  * freedom x4  * harmony x4  * celebration x2  * pride x4  * ingenuity x4   **miscellaneous commemorative coins**  * 2004 remembrance day poppy x5  * 2006 breast cancer x7  * 2005 year of the veterran x4  * 2006 medal of bravery x4  * 2004 acadia ship x4  * 1973 100th anniversary of the rcmp x 5  * 2002 canadian maple leaf   * 2008 olympic ski jump x 1    from the credit union   * 2x uncirculated 2013 laura secord colour and non coloured  * 2004 remembrance day x 1  * 2002 canadian maple x2  * 2010 65^th anniversary of wwii   * 2004 acadia ship x1  * 1999 march x1  * 2000 achievement x1  * 8 various olympic coins
t3_nkump-t3_nkump-c39w6tc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	bonjour  fuck yeah. let it all the fuck out. let god know you're not going to take shit no more. the more you beat yourself up over little things like not being in a relationship or relating to your fellow man, the worse its going to get. before you can love someone, you have to love yourself. theres no way around that golden rule.   you fucking want a real woman that you can share your innermost thoughts and desires with? a girl that sets your heart ablaze with love? a girl that your heart bleeds for? a ravishing girl that can't keep her hands off of you?    what happened to your confidence? fuck depression. the second you fall in love, all you're going to being doing is making love and you won't put another second into your pensive thoughts. and how is any girl out of your league? why shoot yourself in the foot? walk right the fuck up to her and say whatever the fuck you want. change your personality and be more outgoing. go volunteer at the next breast cancer awareness run and talk to whichever girl you want.  lifes too short to be sad. start dressing good (if you don't already) and stop being afraid and having all these rules in your head about how to approach women, its not like there aliens.   farewell
t3_3m4i9m-t3_3m4i9m-cvc9pt3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed in jan with ilc, we opted to have a double mastectomy and they discovered that cancer was in both breasts. a few days after surgery we had a pet scan that showed the cancer had already metastasised to her bones (she had 4 bones with small tumors) so the course of her treatment changed from surgery/chemo/radiation to just hormone therapy. she gets a shot once a month to shut down her ovaries, one shot to strengthen her bones and then a daily pill to block hormones. my mom was over weight (not much but 40 or so pounds) and we decided that she should also do the ketosis diet. we have decided to have a full hysterectomy in january so that she no longer needs the shot to shut down her ovaries.  right after we found out about the metastasis, my mom took 4 weeks off work and came back down to florida with me and my wife. we set her up on the ketosis diet and taught her what to eat and cook and what to avoid. mentally she had it very rough for the first couple of weeks, she felt like she was deformed, broken and what not but we did the best that we could to help her get through this mentally and she is much better now. we have had 2 pet scans since the first one, one 4 months after and then the next one 3 months after to check how the hormone blocker was working. all of the bone metastasis have shrunk or disappeared totally from the pet imaging. i believe the diet has had a helping hand, but you wont find many oncologist or doctors in general saying that diet has a role.  i keep saying we, my mom looked to me for all of the answers and for the best approach. i clearly did not have any answers at the time, but consulting with the doctors to have the best informed decision possible really helped, i am glad that we decided on the double mastectomy, i am glad that we did not go through with the first doctors opinion and moved to another set of opinion.  before the diagnosis my mom did have cysts in her breast that would get inflamed and would need to be drained of fluids, this is what caused her to miss this tumor. the first doctor didnt even want to do an ultra sound or a mri to see what this tumor was after they tried to drain it thinking it was a cyst.   tumor was 4.9cm according to the mri, er+ pr+ and her-.
t3_eh1w8-t3_eh1w8-c1828a0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i posted this theory the other day explaining that 4chan was behind it:   first of all, the answer to, "what is 4chan?" plain and simple, the internet hate machine. it's the downfall of mankind and also the savior. you may know them as the people who made lolcats, rick rolling, and almost destroying scientology.... but what did they have to do with this?  december is normally pokemon profile picture month, when all your friends that you thought were normal post pictures of pokemon. now, gay as that is, most people get overly judgmental about it and loudly proclaim how stupid it is, trying to be self-righteous about a really mediocre trend. enter in the first "layer" of trolling. i change my picture to charizard and you get your panties in a wad about how uncool i am, i in turn derive pleasure from your smugness.  how could this be made worse? um, what if everyone one changed their pictures to cartoons. ha, imagine all the self-righteous bastards that would troll themselves over that!  but, here's where the genius lies, a second and third troll "layer". get everyone to believe it's for a good cause like those stupid breast cancer trends. child abuse? perfect. almost as sad as rape but just as thought provoking and without a bad word association like rape.  so now, you feel compelled to change your profile and pull a joke on yourself that you're not even aware of. if you don't change it, then people will probably judge you or you'll make a big deal about how self righteous you are about not being, the drumroll please for the third "layer", a slacktivist.  this third trolling exposes everyone for the huge smug hypocrites that they are. changing your facebook profile pic to support anti-child abuse? lolololololol.  there's actually a fourth trolling, hi-jacking the pokemon trend, but no one gives a shit about them because they're gay for changing their pics to pokemons.  tl;dr if you changed your profile pic to a cartoon, you just took part in a grand social experiment/scheme to make fun of yourself at your own expense.
t3_1okd9c-t3_1okd9c-cctc6h7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know this is super late to the thread, but i need to vent.   i am currently waiting on results from a biopsy and ct scan of my neck. things aren't looking good and i hate waiting, especially for bad news. good parts of this: if i have cancer, it's likely lymphoma, which is the best possible type to have i think. my mom had hodgkin's when i was a kid and survived it twice, breast cancer once, and now is fighting through another type of lymphoma in the bladder.   my friends have all been really great, telling me everything is going to be fine, but there's a part of me that really just wants somebody to be scared with me.
t3_3gr16t-t3_3gr16t-cu0zmcv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7415	i have breast cancer and lost all my hair, so i definitely stand out at work... for the most part people treat me the same as the did before and i'm thankful for it. most people do ask how i'm doing and feeling and i'm okay with it and don't mind the questions. i make my own jokes so others feel comfortable talking to me about it. but there is another woman in my building who also got diagnosed (still has her hair but after me word spread) but she is older and doesn't/won't talk about it. so i say act normal and let her know you are thinking about her and go from there, everyone is different but i don't think most people mind kind words (over questions).
t3_ukcpo-t3_ukcpo-c4wdjiq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8357	i use to work for best buy's geeksquad service.....anyways........i did a repair at a customers house. her desktop was having issues...just cleaned it up and got it running great. she seemed normal. had kids. she even gave me orange juice (which creeps me out even more) and genuinely seemed happy and satisfied with my job. i get back to my retail store to turn in paperwork and the likes and i find out that my lady customer has gone bat-shit crazy. she called corporate and threatened the people over there, threatened me and also said that she put a gypsy curse on my mom. i have no idea why it happened as the work was satisfactory. no idea of whatever came of that woman though.  the ironic thing is that several years later my mom got shingles, then had a mild stroke then discovered she had type 3 breast cancer in one breast and type 1 &amp; 2 in another. both had to be removed.   biggest overreaction ever.
t3_4axs07-t1_d14hkma-d16pxim	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5229	congratulations on all of the positives there!!  getting ahead at work is amazing and grad school is a huge step towards setting up your future!! such a huge major deal, i hope you're letting yourself feel excited about it all!  these big moments can't be hampered by cancer, you deserve to feel happy even in this moment of stress.  i'm sending lots of positivity your way about your mom.  honestly one of the hardest parts of dealing with cancer is the waiting and it doesn't get any easier.  i know that i don't know you but no matter the results i promise you will be okay.  if she does have cancer your life will probably change. you might find it harder to relate to the people around you because you're dealing with something so heavy.  but you will be okay. you really really will be,  most importantly you are your mothers daughter and you are stronger than you know.  my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer in june 2014.  she had her first clean scan in may of 2015 and has been cancer free ever since.  she's doing fucking fantastic although she does have some lasting side effects from the treatment.  august 2015 my dad was diagnosed with advanced stage lung cancer and was told he would likely only have a year or two to live.  last thursday, just 9 months after his diagnosis we got the results of a scan that showed nothing but scar tissue in his lungs.  of course the cancer could come back at any time but it's the best we ever could have hoped for and we honestly had very little hope left.  i guess my point is that things can get better, no matter how shitty they are.  and even if you only keep your head up for your moms sake, you gotta keep it up, and you can.  if you ever need a pal as this progresses shoot me a pm.
t3_4k24xe-t1_d3bvlk0-d3c4fo6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	and that's brutal, but why bring it up when someone mentions the gender wage gap?  yes your issue is probably a bigger deal, but why shout it over someone else trying to bring up a different problem?  the fact that your instinct is to try and make the conversation about something else is probably an instinct you should explore. if you want to talk about income inequality, awesome, start your own thread about it rather than trying to hijack this one.  you said "the real fucking wage gap" as if the other one didn't exist.   it would be like going to a breast cancer rally and yelling at them for ignoring prostate cancer.
t3_43ag4i-t1_czh4rpd-czh4z00	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	must only be huge where you are.   i, and others on this thread, have obviously never seen it.     i know of no company that has a big prostate cancer awareness program and you never see anything on the news about it.  we have prostate cancer in my family and it is almost impossible to get past breast cancer in every month.  i have no problems with raising money for breast cancer but its not the only one.  it is popular because it is mostly in women.
t3_1oy20d-t1_ccwvm3d-ccx07so	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they can't now really, because everyone involved in the original video did so under the premise that the money would go to breast cancer.  however, imo, these guys should never have decided to raise for breast cancer in the first place. breast cancer awareness is a lie. *everyone* now knows about it. you can't go into a shop and buy a pink item without some percent of the profit going to breast cancer research. prostate cancer is far less known, and far less funded.  also, i have heard so many terrible stories about breast cancer charities. we all know about susan g. komen, but not many of you know about the race for life. this is a 5 or 10k race in the uk, run by cancer research uk... in which only women may participate. apparently, according to cancer research uk, only women can be afflicted by or affected by cancer. i have a friend whose mum died of breast cancer. he wanted to run in the race for life to show his support for her. guess what? he was told he wasn't allowed. because him having a penis stops him from being affected by cancer.  breast cancer is not the only type of cancer.
t3_3ydst1-t1_cycwcdp-cyd2v08	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there was an episode of er where a family was in a car accident and the (9-13yro) daughter was experiencing abdominal pain right around where the seat belt comes across the waist.  they did x-rays and surgery and it turns out the 'girl' had testicles that hadn't dropped.  when i first saw this episode i was about that girl's age and thought, 'shit. maybe my balls haven't dropped either."  i also struggle with a profound guilt, one i associate with breast cancer. i am ftm, but completely closeted and don't see myself completing transition atm. if i was diagnosed with any type of breast cancer, even like a really meek kind, with a high survival rate, i would opt for a double mastectomy and feel no guilt at all. no one would question the decision and i would be breast free.
t3_3f9q47-t3_3f9q47-ctnhd3f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well as a transgender person and if you aren't transgender don't fucking worry about it. it isn't your issue to understand or your issue to resolve.   i do not need your acceptance, however, as with anyone i want basic respect and courtesy.   that said, for me and my experience, living as a transgender person and not transitioning is like the following:  look at yourself in the mirror and imagine hating what you see.   look at yourself taking a shower and hating what you see and not wanting to actually touch your body parts because they are repulsive.   look at yourself going to the bathroom and being sick to your stomach about having to use a bathroom which doesn't align to how you see yourself.   imagine feeling embarrassed going to a pool because you don't want you or anyone else to see your body.  imagine being uncomfortable every time someone says sir or uses a male pronoun but that's not how you see yourself.   imagine having hair on your face and it making you so uncomfortable that you cannot touch yourself.   imagine everytime you look at someone who's female (this is as if you're male to female like me) and you have sadness that your body doesn't have the correct curves.  pills and therapy cannot make these things go away, ever. what can help you dramatically feel good about yourself and have self confidence and self worth is altering your physical appearance to match your brain.  the transgender person feels a lot like the woman who has to undergo a mastectomy and she looks at her chest and is missing a huge part of her female identity.   hope this helps a bit.
t3_2dmbp8-t1_cjqvdw5-cjr8w84	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5082	right? i had breast cancer(2010) lung cancer(2012, lost 1/2 lung) have severe copd and asthma. i have only 1 box of breathing medicine left, and i have no clue how to be able to get more. i also have a great fear that i have cancer again, and no way of knowing, probably when it's too late. no ins... guess it's just time for me to give it up, tired of all this bullshit.
t3_2it7ro-t1_cl5eee7-cl5iat3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;don't you have a men's rights group meeting that you're late for?  no, but thats a good idea in this climate where men's breast cancer gets swept under the rug and rape is a horrible unfunny thing, unless it happens to a man in prison, in which case people such as yourself can laugh and joke about it.  &gt;even if what you're blindly and unwarrantedly assuming was a stone cold fact, and that they were just making the movie a gimmicky cash-grab aimed strictly at a certain demographic of women...who cares?   i do. whats wrong with movies like bridesmaids? that was a funny movie aimed at women, based off an original script. that wasnt trying to take a cylindrical block of a beloved franchise and hammering it into a square hole.  &gt;grow up. you say that you're rightly complaining. what exactly entitles you to the ghostbusters movie that you want to see?  what entitles me to the right to complain and voice an opinion? well, i'm a living human being for one, with rights. secondly, as ive said before i love the franchise. thirdly, ive spent my money on a product in the past and have an interest in the products future.   you see, in the real world where i live, i'm allowed to complain and voice concern. i feel 'entitled' because of the decades i and my family have put into ghostbusters. i'm passionate about the franchise. i suppose in your tumblr-world you dont have a right to complain about things, and just smile at whatever is offered to you.  on a further note, you know why the original ghostbusters were only guys? they were blue collar workers. after they were kicked out of college, they became blue collar workers. like plumbers or electricians. how many female plumbers and carpenters do you know? probably not many, as youre probably still in high school or college and havent faced the real world yet.  the humor and the heart of the ghostbusters movies come from these whacky ghostly encounters with everyday people and blue collar working stiffs. does forcing forcing the entire cast to be all female add anything to that?  no, and thats why its stuntcasting.
t3_1i5orr-t1_cb1dkiv-cb1h4f7	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5071	also it might be possible that he's planning to kill himself to save himself the trouble of being a huge burden on everyone, and to avoid everything about chemo. he figures he can reach out to someone who doesn't have contact with most of his family who he can pass on anything and just finally relieve the feeling of holding in a secret about cancer.  if this guy calls up again just to confirm sending these items or what have you just talk to him, see if you can convince him to go through treatment. i have an aunt who survived breast cancer who admitted to having a similar plan until one of the nurses at her oncologist's office spent the time to sit and talk with her and let her open up about her cancer and how it affected her mental and emotional states.
t3_ohpyg-t1_c3hfdvx-c3hfipj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	guys don't just have nipples, they have tiny little buds of breast tissue as well, and here's why: fetuses essentially start off with all the gear they'd need to develop into men or women. they have that tiny little disc of breast tissue, nipples, a genital tubercle (basically a clitoris), and a little cleft where the vagina would go, with their gonads (egg/sperm producing organ) in the pelvis.  if genetic and hormonal factors trigger male development mode, then the urethra will route its way into the genital tubercle, which will stretch and grow to become the penis. the folds on the either side of the cleft -- the labia, really -- fuse together and become a stretchy scrotum. later, your gonads (testes) will drop down into them. your breasts and nipples remain totally undeveloped and useless. (yes, men can, very rarely, develop breast cancer in this tissue).   if genetic and hormonal factors trigger female development mode, the cleft deepens and merges with the uterus at the cervix. the skin around it remains the labia, and the genital tubercle does not develop; the clitoris serves no real purpose, it is just the leftover piece in case they needed a penis (and it has the nerve endings that would have been in that penis, thus all the orgasms). the gonads remain where they started, in the pelvis, and produce eggs. later, the body will produce hormones that make the breasts swell and develop.   **tldr: fetuses start out as a "build your own human kit, all pieces included". men end up with leftover nipple and microbreast parts, women end up with leftover penis and scrotum parts (clitoris and labia).**  this is a big part of how sex changes work, too. administering certain hormones can trigger gynecomastia (breast development in men) and clitoromegaly (clitoral development, makes it bigger and more penislike). female to male transexual surgery often involves stretching the labia, fusing them, and putting prosthetic testes inside below the now-enlarged clitoris. it's a lot like what nature would have done.
t3_f779d-t3_f779d-c1dsv4r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	going home from work and these girls who had pre-gamed hard were off to a bar to celebrate on of their birthdays. this was also frosh week so a lot of people getting piss drunk, but these girls took the cake. they were at the back of the bus with me, and all three of them were trying fix one of the girls shirts. the button had come off so she was showing too much bra.  this was on the 97 and this particular driver didn't have his kid gloves on that day so every time we stopped the girls ended up lurching forward almost falling onto me and a few other people.  i gave them a pin i had on my bag to support breast cancer research so she could hold her shirt together and they loved me for it going "omg thanks sooo much! i'll give it back to you i swear!"  on topic of drunks, i got off the 12 really late one night and a guy tried getting on when i got off. he obviously had no fare cause he was promptly booted off the nearly empty bus. he was an angry drunk too cause he was cursing and chasing after the bus. i had my keys in my fist ready to go while i ran across the road not waiting for the light to change.   not my craziest octranspo stories but the ones i remember.
t3_11pxmc-t1_c6oq9da-c6orsav	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the perpetrator, buchanan, had the surgery.    *in the course of their real-life friendship, buchanan told the victim she had a close relationship — more like mother and daughter — with the lufkin-area gynecologist known as “doc.” she also told the victim that in 2008 she had a battle with breast cancer while living with her former partner, with whom she had twins via in vitro fertilization. *  *posing as “doc,” buchanan told the victim a pre-cancerous mass in buchanan’s breast could possibly be delayed or cured by an increase in certain hormone production, the affidavit stated. “doc” went on to tell the victim that she advised buchanan to participate in sexual activity to possibly bolster hormone production and save buchanan’s life.*  tl;dr: buchanan was faking illness and posing as a doctor to recommend sex treatments with her friend who no longer identified with the lesbian community, but whom buchanan still wanted to sleep with.
t3_qzohl-t1_c41ubcz-c41ulms	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well i'm okay with it if someone had breast cancer or some issues where they needed it to feel better about themselves. if anyone should do it it should be for themselves, not others. but i find nothing wrong with small breast, even as. i'd say my favorite size is around a c.  anyways, swing low, sweet chariot.
t3_zc7ea-t3_zc7ea-c63egko	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7424	i had a lump  about the size of a blueberry in my breast in high school. my mom is a two time breast cancer survivor so we got it checked out. turned out to be just a fluid filled cyst :] i got it aspirated twice, but it kept came back so we just left it.  i hope it turns out to be nothing serious for you!
t3_1au5ne-t1_c913pfg-c914bxc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but it cause obesity, low hdl cholesterol levels, type ii diabetes, heart disease, kidney disease, suppression of your immune system, upsets the mineral relationships in your body, juvenile delinquency in children, in soda when consumed by children results in the children drinking less milk, it can increase reactive oxygen species (ros) which can damage cells and tissues, can cause hyperactivity, anxiety, inability to concentrate in children, rise in triglycerides, decline in tissue elasticity and function, chromium deficiency, ovarian cancer, copper deficiency, it interferes with the body's absorption of calcium and magnesium, hypoglycemia, acidic digestive tract, premature aging, alcoholism, tooth decay, increased risk of crohn's disease and ulcerative colitis, gastric and duodenal ulcers, arthritis, gallstones, appendicitis, hemorrhoids, varicose veins, periodontal disease, osteoporosis, saliva acidity, decrease in insulin sensitivity, lower amount of vit e in the blood, decrease the amount of growth hormones, interfere with absorption of protein, food allergies, toxemia during pregnancy, impair the structure of dna, change the structure of protein, skin wrinkle, cataracts, emphysema, atherosclerosis, it is associated with parkinsons's disease, can increase the size of the liver and kidney, damage the pancreas, increase the body's fluid retention, cause myopia, compromise the lining of the capillaries, headaches, migraines, depression, gastric cancer, dyspepsia, gout, reduces learning capacity, can contribute to alzheimer's disease, free radicals and oxidative stress, billiary tract cancer, slow food's travel time, increase of estradiol, destruction of phosphatase, gallbladder cancer, it can be intoxicating like alcohol, can aggravate premenstrual syndrome (pms), decrease emotional stability, promote excessive food intake in obese people, worsen the symptoms of children with add, risk factor for lung cancer, risk of polio, epileptic seizures, increased systolic blood pressure, cell death, antisocial behavior in juvenile, prostate cancer, it dehydrates newborns, low birth weight in birth, worse outcome of schizophrenia, raise homocysteine levels in the bloodstream, breast cancer, small intestine cancer, laryngeal cancer, mild memory loss, constipation, brain decay in pre-diabetic and diabetic women, stomach cancer, metabolic syndrome, asthma, irritable bowl syndrome, cancer of rectum, endometrial cancer, renal cell cancer, liver tumors, continuation of acne, fatigue, moodiness, nervousness, essential nutrients less available to cells, increase uric acid in blood, higher c-peptide concentrations, inflammation, diverticulitis, decrease testosterone production, impairs spatial memory and it is addictive.  sugar drinks should be banned.  if you want the sources just ask.
t3_1eaowm-t1_c9yeu4u-c9yfhx6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7502	my ex mother in law had a double mastectomy without reconstruction. she decided that she would just have the scars. it's   personal decision but i think it is more common for women to have reconstruction.
t3_2wpxgq-t3_2wpxgq-cotcbkl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	even though i agree with waters's stance, it simply has to be said that abortion in australia is simply a non-issue. despite people saying it's a "controversial" and "emotive" topic, it just simply isn't in australia, despite what some politicians say. we are not america and never will be.  you only need to look at the polls to see that. 85% of victorians identify as pro-choice, including 77% of coalition voters(1), and over 64% of queenslanders(yes, queenslanders!) support the entire decriminalisation of abortion, similar to what tasmania, victoria and the act have done.  the libs tried flirting with the ultra-minority fringe right and found it is an extremely dangerous thing, as seen by everyone pulling out of the world congress of families, and everyone in the liberal party stuttering and apoligising after eric abetz suggesting abortion and breast cancer are linked.  the average australian right-winger, is someone who tends to be uninterested in social issues, but is heavily focused on fiscal conservatism and economic rationalism.  australia does not have the american style bible-belt, and the libs would risk figuratively hanging themselves trying to restrict abortion. it happened in spain, with mariano rajoy's god-awful "people's party", and it would happen with tony abbott as well if he or his party tried to do such a thing.  waters must know all this, and is simply talking the absolute bleeding obvious and wasting time talking about a non-issue.  1. http://www.theage.com.au/victoria/most-victorians-oppose-overhaul-of-abortion-laws-polls-finds-20140128-31l1q.html  2. http://www.news.com.au/national/two-thirds-support-abortion-law-change-poll/story-e6frfkp9-1225773035076
t3_17523c-t3_17523c-c82jbsw	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've never posted in reddit before, i actually created an account to tell this one...  i had breast cancer when i was 22. to ensure the cancer didn't spread, they did a sentinel lymph node biopsy. the prep for the process was simple: i had to lay flat on my back, and the doctor stuck a needle in my nipple, straight in, four times. it burned and burned, and sucked and sucked, worse than chemo (which i had), worse than radiation(which i had), never...never again. ew.
t3_3ml7su-t3_3ml7su-cvg93e6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have finally, maybe recuperated from breast cancer surgery.  but mine was only 2 cm because i get regular mammograms.  i worry that by the time a man finds a breast cancer it might be well advanced
t3_2t80zj-t3_2t80zj-cnwm22d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm on an alesse generic, and now that i'm 25 i think it's the primary cause of most of my acne, which is concentrated around my mouth and jawline. i've been monitoring the changes in my skin according to where i am in my pack of bcp and 9/10 times i get a sudden breakout within the first week of starting a new pack, with clear skin around halfway through week 2. i have a history of breast cancer in my family though so i'm not allowed to go on any higher dose bcp, despite the fact that my skin was beautiful when i was on diane 35 for three months :/  definitely take notes on a calendar where you are in your pack when/if you get acne, especially if you're going on a triphasic pill where the hormone levels change week by week
t3_dh4ut-t1_c106ftl-c106hb4	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	you think a person with cancer only sees oncologists?  i have a rare breast cancer. just to list a few of the docs that have treated me...  neurosurgeons, neurologists, gyns, ophthalmologists, orthopaedists, dermatologists, plastic surgeons, otolaryngologists, endocrinologists and cardiologists.  but i can tell you already know so much.
t3_1ebols-t1_c9yo61e-c9zqpbv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.667	talking about it is brave, because it lets women know that yes, getting a double mastectomy to save your life is worth it (there are women who would refuse and take chances, even with a high possibility of cancer). her mother died of breast cancer, and her livelihood is based around her body to a great extent in addition to her acting skills, so it is a big deal, and she is brave because i would suspect it would be easier for her to get it done, get the reconstruction done while in hiding, and then pop back up like nothing had changed. however, now everyone knows that she'll be reconstructed (which will probably summon a lot of scrutiny if she decides to act in revealing roles again), and she may have saved many lives by being so open about it instead of hiding it.
t3_258a0q-t3_258a0q-chetctw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm studying dietetics so i'll answer to the best of my abilities! let me know if you want me to clarify anything.  1. it looks good to me and seems to include all the food groups and lots of vegetables and some fruit.  2. no, you don't have to eat all the amino acids at each meal. the amino acids go into a pool for about a day, so you don't need to combine foods as long as you're eating a varied diet throughout the day.  3. the calories look good.  if you are actually exercising 2 hours a day you could (and possibly should) eat more.  just maybe give yourself the option to have a snack or another meal if you feel hungry at the end of the day.  your example diet is 20% protein, which is higher than necessary.  10-20% is recommended so you could eat less protein if you want, i just wouldn't eat more than that.  4. i would totally use non-organic salsa if it will help you stick with it, but that is up to you.  there are much worse things you could eat.  you could also make your own.  low sodium soy sauce and sriracha are good.  you could sautee onions, mushrooms, and garlic and mix it in.    5. i've never heard about a vegan's teeth falling out. i second using cronometer to make sure you're not deficient in anything though.    6. microwaves destroying nutrients is a myth as far as i know.  boiling can cause veggies to lose their water-soluble nutrients anyway so i wouldn't worry about microwaving if that's what you'd rather do.   7. it looks like it at first glance, but i would still use cronometer.   8. b12 is the only supplement that all vegans should take.  you'll likely get enough calcium and iron, and vitamin d mostly depends on how often you go out in the sun.  however vitamin c helps with non-heme (plant) iron absorption, so eating broccoli or a kiwi or something with your beans could help with that.  and i'm not saying you should or shouldn't eat soy, but there is no evidence that it causes cancer or causes men to acquire feminine traits.  many studies have shown it to prevent prostate and breast cancer.  [this article sums it up nicely.](http://zenhabits.net/soy/)    i'd also suggest adding banana to your peanut butter sandwich and porridge if it's too plain for you. or even jelly (with no added sugar) to the sandwich.  and i personally love oatmeal with peanut butter, banana, berries, and raisins.  i know you want to keep it simple, but if you're finding it hard to stick with, it might help!
t3_1fdcie-t1_ca9bp8h-ca9d2r3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; you can't expect society, and therefore the representative government, to jump from slavery to no slavery in an instant.   completely irrelevant to my point and why your previous statement was blatantly counterfactual.  you claimed that all government could do was force people to catch up.  that was in clear and direct contrast with the fact that for the century prior to *both* points you were talking about, government *explicitly* supported the very problems you're crediting it with solving.  hell, government got into the marriage license business (causing all the problems we're having currently) to prevent interracial marriages.  indeed the government is currently fighting in the courts to defend the continued oppression of a minority population and their right to marry.  you were half right: "all it can do is *force.*"  government *can* force people to not discriminate against homosexuals, but it can also [force and/or explicitly allow the discrimination against homosexuals](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/defense_of_marriage_act), as well as protect those who have discriminated against homosexuals [through dismissal of lawsuits designed to punish them for completely disregarding legally drafted and presented power of attorney forms](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/janice_langbehn#federal_lawsuit).  "all it can do is force those who lag behind to catch up to progress."?  that is complete and utter bullshit.  it can do a lot more, and a whole heck of a lot of what it does is actively hinder the progress you're crediting it with.  &gt; i'm not sure, but it sounds like you want to blame slavery and racism on the government alone. i'm gonna give you the benefit of the doubt and assume that's not what you intend to imply.  thank you for that, because it isn't.  i'm just saying that your assertion/implication that government is solely, or even primarily, a force for good is quite simply incorrect.  that is its stated goal, true, but a government is a body of people, usually, notably, ungoverned.  these people have the unfortunate tendency to think of themselves and their own interests first, and the wellbeing of others later (if at all).     this is not an indictment of government, but of *all* organizations.  every time you have some form of organization, the nature of the beast is for the primary goal of said organization (be it good governance, to breast cancer research, anything) immediately becomes the *secondary* goal of the organization, second to the maintenance of the organization and its power/authority/existence (based on the premise that the organization itself is necessary to achieve that goal).  [clay shirky gave a pretty decent talk on this](http://www.ted.com/talks/clay_shirky_on_institutions_versus_collaboration.html)
t3_2vd9wl-t1_cohsqp5-coi0vln	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8163	i can say that chemo for pc is harder than the chemo for other cancers. i had breast cancer and although it sucked it wasn't as bad as what my mother in law dealt with. it has to do with digestion. she became weak fast. i would highly recommend keeping his food intake up. if medical marijuana is available in your area - use it. it can help and keeping him strong is so important.   i really needed encouragement each day to move during chemo. just being there for him and trying to keep him company when he is awake - those things go a long way.  big hugs
t3_1qbfxh-t1_cdb3xpn-cdb6qt1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	seriously, cancer is the worst. i have a friend in high school with breast cancer. i just can't wrap my mind around the fact that a *teenager* can get breast cancer, it boggles my mind
t3_45j54x-t3_45j54x-d000g0p	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	sorry, late to the party ....  i had breast cancer and did 25 radiation treatments in fall 2014. the end was the worst for me too. i was very uncomfortable. after treatment ends, the next two weeks will be kind of painful, but it steadily gets better from there. the cold packs were a huge help and also sodium chloride solution .9% with gauze pads aided the healing process. calendula and aloe vera lotions worked best on my skin ....  congrats on completing treatment. i am over a year out and feeling great. you will be soon too.
t3_15rl96-t3_15rl96-c7p9q18	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	pit: my boyfriend of 4 years had a complete psychotic break.  i had to call 911 and have him sent to an emergency treatment facility.  also found out he had been cheating on me with two women.  one in our city and one from canada.  also, the canadian came out before i called 911 and ended up staying with us.  yup.  canadian woman, in my house.  thing is, i knew we were over so at that point what did it matter? i was basically dealing with that on my own (about two weeks) because my mom was just diagnosed with breast cancer and my dad had his hip replaced.  oh and to top it all off, the black lab i share with an ex blew out both back acl's and needed a $5000 surgery.  i had no way of helping her because i had no money.  so in a month's time, dad had hip surgery, mom diagnosed with breast cancer, dog needed $5000 surgery and cheating boyfriend who brought girl to stay with us for a week.   the best part: pulling myself up by my boot straps and finding a new place to live, moving and thriving.  my mom is in remission and doing so well.  my ex's father loaned us the $5k and my dad is walking so well.  the boyfriend has received treatment and is doing well but i am doing so much better!! my friends and family have helped me out and of course, my nails have gotten much better.   happy new year everyone!!
t3_4wtgyq-t1_d6af4hj-d6anzr3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	look, i understand.  i had breast cancer and it was very hard on my family.  that being said, you are trying to fight a situation against yourself. your brain is damaged, expecting feelgoods on a regular schedule and when it doesn't get them, it will fight you for them.    your family loves you, no matter what situation you are in.  they don't have a particular amount of compassion and when that is gone, it is exhausted, you know?    you are not a champ doing it by yourself, actually, more like a fool.  i don't say that to be rude, i say that because i know where you are and how easy it was for me to convince myself that i could do it by myself.  if you can't talk to your family, there is therapy and/or 12 step meetings.
t3_32wr0v-t3_32wr0v-cqfh91a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	spent 6 years getting a masters and a phd.  i saw some things...   during my masters work we had this completely incompetent person in a lab that shared offices with our lab.  she was getting her phd in material science but did not understand anything.  she had to be walked through how to save files on the computer, what chemical to use, how to not mix certain chemicals, etc.  to make things worse, she had this shit head friend that always hung around with her who would tell her all the wrong things.     well one day she wanted to clean some crucibles and shit head told her to use acetic acid, since you know, it's in vinegar so it can't be that strong... our offices were in a larger lab (read cubicles in a corner of a chem lab... not so safe) so we heard her go to the sink run some water and then we begin to get this extremely strong acid smell.  like burns your nose strong.  we all look around and walk out to the sink and she has poured a large volume of concentrated acetic acid into her crucible and is attempting to wash it with paper towels, which are melting into her nitrile gloved hand.  she has tears pouring out of her eyes and the smell near the sink is an incredibly strong putrid acid smell.     of course we pull her out of there and ask her what the hell she was doing.  she just says shit head told her she could do it because it was just vinegar acid.  she still got her phd and i lost faith in humanity and my department.  i ended up changing schools after i got a masters.   in my phd lab, i saw a girl get a needle stick while injecting mice with an extremely aggressive form of glow in the dark human breast cancer cells.   she went to the doc and they told her that she was fine because the cells would most likely die due to immune reaction.  i was still pretty freaked out.   in our lab we also had a jar of methacrylate waste go off like and ied.  apparently when pouring out the waste from fixing samples, someone poured waste that had catalyst in it.  one of our grad students felt the bottle when pouring waste in it and it felt really hot. they tried to put it in the sink and run cold water on it.  as they walked out of the lab the bottle exploded sending methacylate waste and glass shards all over the thankfully empty lab.  we began to add inhibitor to all our methacrylate waste bottles from that point forward.   tl;dr:  labs are only as safe as the least safe person working in them.
t3_1x1vl0-t3_1x1vl0-cfchyeh	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hello! i don't believe we know one another, so i'll just say that i'm cindy. :) what's been going on with me lately is that my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer about 3 months ago.  this has been an incredibly stressful time for both myself and the rest of the family.  she's had two surgeries, multiple tests, and is currently in the "hurry up and wait" stage prior to her treatments.  we're waiting to hear if the rest will be bad news, which should be coming thursday or not.    honestly, i don't "need" anything, however, for my mom, i'd really love for her to get [this](http://www.amazon.com/dp/b003ppgoc0/ref=wl_it_dp_o_pc_ns_ttl?_encoding=utf8&amp;colid=2t0dgo0irx5fu&amp;coliid=i18yhr02c60jr) since she has expressed the need for one since she's got long drives to and from and she'd love to be able to answer her phone without having to hold it to her head as she drives. (she has a port in, and it makes it difficult) so she'd be able to do so handsfree. i'd buy it for her if i had the money to do so, unfortunately i do not!  thank you for the contest &lt;3 also, nice to "meet" you!
t3_2645wl-t1_chok0zn-chopj8j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7909	&gt;people should be allowed to do what they want, when they're legal adults. but she is not.   ok, then who is supposed to be responsible for such a decision? the parents that's who, not you, not her doctor, and not the government.  &gt;if you think she is making some independent decision without this influence surrounding her, then you're monumentally stupid.  by your definition nobody makes an independent decision then. everyone in the world grows up with influence surrounding them, just because you grew up differently then her doesn't make one lifestyle better than the other, or right or wrong. they are just different.  &gt;she shouldn't be killed because of her parents religious beliefs. if you think that is okay, then you're a disgusting human being.   did you even read the article? the parents aren't denying their child chemo because of some sort of religious beliefs. the child already recieved chemo treatment, indicating that the parents obviously don't have any kind of inherent moral objection to chemo. what they did object to was the absolute havoc it wrecked upon their child's already diminishing health.   &gt;the facts do, examined and tested evidence. that's what makayla and her parents don't have.   that's pure 100% assumption, and considering they already have treated the child with chemo is most likely just bullshit you are pulling out of your own asshole.  &gt;you and people like you are enabling and spreading harm. reality is going to smack this family so hard if or when her cancer comes back.  that's a pretty serious acusation, and i could throw that back right at you. you, and people like you are enabling the government and health institutions to force people into living in a way they don't agree with. not only is that morally wrong and corrupt but it's also illegal as well.  &gt;bringing up harper? so is this more about fighting the government, than what is best to preserve her life?   the only reason i brought up harper was because he is currently the prime minister of our country. if tom muclair or justin trudeau were pm i would've used their names instead.  &gt; if you're worldview is in favor of letting her die so she can put her whole trust in jesus and 'traditional medicine', then your worldview is shite.  my worldview is simply open minded. i have an aunt who is a breast cancer survivor and went through chemo, and i am so glad that she was brave enough to choose to do that. her father, my grandfather had skin cancer and also had to go through chemo. the chemo drained him of all life, by the end he looked like a holocaust victim and even the average amount of pressure applied to his skin to lift him from place to place could cause his skin to break and bleed. it was disgusting, deplorable and he could have lived a more normal life for as long, or longer had he not chosen to undergo chemo (again, this wasn't his first rodeo).  my point being, that i am definitely not blatantly for or against chemotherapy. i have enough experience and information to realize that it is something that needs to be determined on a case to case basis and should be a decision entirely left up to the family, not the government or health institutions. the fact you can't understand this boggles my mind.
t3_nvvay-t3_nvvay-c3ccgg2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i read most of this. but then i got pissed off. sorry. mitochondria are not cells first off. second, we have targeted the metabolic pathway for decades. the problem is that tumors can use both pathways for their metabolism. it is true they prefer glycolysis but they can switch between the two. we can cure specific types of cancer in mice. hell, i have cure breast cancer in mice if that is the test. but humans are different stories as every patient is different.  another big problem is that there are slow dividing cancer stem cells that do not prefer glycolysis metabolically. a cancer stem cell's "stem cellness" is a debated topic but the fact that they exist is not. they are the cells that often cause metastasis or recurrences of cancer. the cancer stem cell is a target of much research right now to figure out how to target also. with that aside the the article is total bullshit. it is not being ignored but it way more complicated than the article suggests. it is aimed at getting more money and is akin to propaganda.  edit: for more info it is called the warburg effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warburg_effect#oncology
t3_btc4e-t3_btc4e-c0oh0nc	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	ok - look ... chemo and radiation is not as bad as you think. i went through 2+ years. granted i had breast cancer, but ... thinking that chemo will kill your wife is silly. it just isn't logical.  she will most likely get adriomycin/cytoxin first. it isn't fun but she isn't going to die from it.  i went to uf/shands in gainesville.  &gt;diagnosed age 33 3/17/2006 invasive ductile carcinoma her2+ e+  &gt;ac  &gt;herceptin/taxol  &gt;mastectomies (right prophylactic)  &gt;tram flap left/ implant right  &gt;nipple recon  she needs proper care - stay the hell away from the nm quacks  pm me and i can give you a lead on the best onc for her condition.  stop thinking that there a magical bullets. the next few years are tough, but you can get through it.  thinking about how her family did not survive treatment is defeatist.  treatments change very quickly.  if i had gotten cancer just 5 years earlier i would be dead. now that herceptin has been approved i have a great prognosis (before herceptin - her2+ cancer, which is more aggressive was a death sentence).  just my 2 cents.  the op is a great guy but maybe a little too gung ho here.  again - i am happy to find great drs to provide second opinions ...
t3_4ejojc-t3_4ejojc-d20rehd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first, try to not jump right into funeral mode. i know how shocking and hurtful it is when a loved one gets a cancer diagnosis (and i sure know how it felt to be the patient!). however, breast cancer is not an automatic death sentence. many of us - the majority of us - who were diagnosed with b.c. go on to live long lives. and even those with metastatic b.c. have many scientific treatment options, with more being created every day. you and your mother will learn more about the stage and grade of her tumor and what her treatment options are.  and the treatments are very doable.  in rereading this, i feel that i sound too chirpy. i don't mean to sound like a pollyanna, and i felt depressed and sad and scared as hell, and very pessimistic (my default mode). and i had early-stage b.c. it's a scary thing, and i am not trying to sweeten it.  wishing her and you everything good.
t3_10yl30-t1_c6htb8n-c6iazo7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7468	i am not particularly attractive to women.  if a woman comes up to me and says how handsome i am i know she is lying to try to influence me to buy something or some other subterfuge.  i know bullshit when i hear it.  responding to a woman that has had a double mastectomy and shows it to you, that she is beautiful, she will know you are not being honest unless you are into some weird kink.  it is what it is and we learn to live with it.  telling someone something like that is not likely to help, more likely it will make things worse as i assume she is not so stupid to fall for it.  i recently met and rather like a woman that told me she has had the same done.  i went looking for my pink shirt.  if she ended up naked with me i might tell her she has a nice ass, she does, and the scars are kinda interesting, but not beautiful.   one year survivor.
t3_3w5tm8-t3_3w5tm8-cxu51kk	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	aside from, "i have cancer" or some other "i'm going to die" type news, one springs to mind. not as bad as some on here, but definitely awkward. a woman who worked for me was a breast cancer survivor and told me she needed to take off a bit for some reconstructive surgery. she then proceeded to tell me how they were going to take some skin off the inside of her thighs, build some imitation nipples from the skin, and so it on top of her reconstructed breasts. i just didn't need to know all that. i finally just decided that she was a little loopy from medication.  runner ups: another woman who worked for me sitting in my office crying and telling me about the abortion her worthless boyfriend bullied her into getting and the one who told me all about her endometryosis that was probably going to keep her from having babies.
t3_26n231-t3_26n231-chsr54y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8033	sorry, i'm not a man, but i'm going to chip in anyway because last year i had a breast cancer scare, and i decided not to tell my boyfriend until i knew for sure whether or not the lump was benign or cancerous.   he was not pleased with me at all.  i can't tell you what to do, and honestly, despite the fact that my boyfriend was really quite annoyed and upset (and he almost never gets annoyed) i sometimes do think that if i could go back in time i would do the same thing again, not tell him. but you do need to take his feelings into account too- you know him better than i do, so you probably have a good idea as to whether or not he would want you to tell him something like this, especially since it sounds like that if it did take a turn for the worse, it would do so very quickly.
t3_48dcdj-t3_48dcdj-d0ips72	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	goodbye's (the saddest word) by celine dion  she wrote it about her mother's death i sang it at a mother's appreciate event and heard it at a funeral where a family friend died of breast cancer
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jrrlm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7404	med student, so my largely useless, moderately informed, but hopefully productive advice:  a) you are in great hands in houston.  b) please kindly ignore people who are giving you stats about surviving stage i and ii breast cancer. your personal chances will vary a lot based on how old you are and the specific type of breast cancer you have (certain cancers express certain proteins on the surface - receptors - that are pretty good predictors of the response to chemotherapeutic regimens) in general, though, breast cancer does tend to have a pretty good overall survival rate. c) laugh as much as you can. your mental attitude can make a huge difference in your own body's response to the cancer. this can be just as important as the medical and surgical treatments. read: joe paterno. this comes from the mouth of one of the best surgical oncologists in the country. d) chemo will suck - however with the advances in chemo and the advances in the drugs to help manage the side effects it should not be as bad as you are afraid it will be. however, everyone responds differently so it may really suck. just do your best to keep positive! e) i wish you and your family all the best in this trying time.
t3_3isxla-t1_cuk6a4c-cukrf5s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6894	&gt; a transwoman can get prostate cancer  joke's on you, mate!   the [medication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cyproterone_acetate#medical_uses) i take to stop my testosterone is usually used to treat prostate cancer in men. my chance of having prostate cancer is basically nil. i have a lower chance of getting it that a man does of getting breast cancer. speaking of which, because i take estrogen and have breasts, i have a closer chance of having breast cancer to a cis woman than to a cis man. if you're interested in more random info [here's a cool page](http://www.cancer-network.org/media/pdf/trans_people_and_cancer.pdf) about trans people and cancer, although it's not that in-depth, we're not really numerous to be studied in any meaningful way :(     while i won't defend the types of cancer people suffer from as a way to determine the validity of their gender identity, it's interesting to see that apparently cancer's on my side for once ;)    as for dna, since you're probably about to bring it up, i've never had my chromosomes tested, so i may well be intersex and not know it. xy women and xxy men and other chromosomal abnormalities are more common than trans people are, so you don't get to pull the "outlier" card either.      honestly, it takes far more effort and mental gymnastics to try to "disprove" the validity of trans people than it does to just accept us and be a decent person. treat us with basic human decency and maybe fewer trans people would feel so ostracised as to seek refuge in the insanity that is tumblr.
t3_1k476x-t1_cblmjjd-cblmuc0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; everyone has a mother, female friends, many of us have sisters, aunts, daughters, granddaughters, and grandmothers.  sure, and supposing *those people* to whom i have an obligation find themselves unable to pay for their medical care, i'd love to spend my own money on them.  that i have a mom who may need breast cancer treatments in her old age as part of catastrophic care that i will *of course* be involved in **doesn't really cut mustard** as to why i should pay for the aggregate of birth control pills, which are now required to be covered on the insurance plans of all women who are also now all required to purchase them.  &gt;finally, strong families  are disincentivized from being started by policies which encourage the delaying, termination, and avoidance of successful and viable pregnancies, and which increase the cost of having children, because they can remain on your insurance plan no matter what until the age of 26, driving up the insurance premium you pay.
t3_3zbxun-t3_3zbxun-cyl7aol	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was trinette (the hooker) in that episode you are referring too and it was also established by trinette again later in the series in the episode when archer finds out he has breast cancer and wanted to spend time with the wee baby seamus. i think the dialogue went along like this.   archer: yeah, i have breast cancer.  trinette: what? but he's not even your real kid.  archer: yes, trinette i know. even though he is not my real son; seeming i don't know how long i have, i wanted to spend time with the wee baby seamus. he's the closest thing i'll ever have to son.  correct me if i'm wrong on the dialogue. and he then proceeds to get their names tattooed on each others shoulders. "it's like we have each other's backs."
t3_2i48fl-t3_2i48fl-ckz0foq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8872	i have an aunt undergoing treatment for breast cancer right now, but i'll still say there are far worse cancers out there and i'm glad that at least it's not pancreatic or liver or brain.  i lost the man who was my second father to prostate cancer back in february. forgive me if all of this overblown pink awareness leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
t3_ezwue-t3_ezwue-c1ca0d9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom cried to me the other day because one of her friends was diagnosed with breast cancer.  she wasn't crying for the friend, but crying because her sister died of lymphoma 20 years ago because there was no cure and now they cure all sorts of stuff and why couldn't her sister have gotten sick 20 years later and survived?  a customer of mine at work confided in me today and said her good friend (35 yrs old) is dying of a rare form of cancer because she refused treatment three years ago because cancer runs in her family and she knew she would die anyway.  she could have prevented it.  your fear of needles led to this problem.  don't let your fear of some pain lead to more major problems.  you only have one body, one life, and believe it or not you have the power inside you to make it an awesome one.  i found out i had herpes this past year and thought my world was coming to an end for a while.  when i realized i still had control over some parts of my life, i decided that no way was some stupid embarrassing painful life-changing and indeed shitty disease i was stuck with for the rest of my life going to stop me from hiking to beautiful waterfalls, running with my dogs, planting things in a garden, loving my family and amazing boyfriend, etc etc etc ...   don't be a moron - get yourself fixed up, chin up, move past it all and live a long, beautiful, healthy life.  maybe even move somewhere for a change of scenery and shake off that depression.  change your life.
t3_33f7n1-t3_33f7n1-cqkdfzt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's not fucked up, but it was only a couple of nights ago so fresh in my mind. i wanted to tell my friend but it sounded too made up:  i dreamed that i went to the plastic surgeons to get liposuction, the surgeon was actually benedict cumberbatch and he ended up making me look at his closet because 'his ocd closet tidiness would make me laugh'. anyway, he gets a mobile mammogram machine out his closet and informs me that i actually have breast cancer. then he informs me that i have breast cancer because i had sex with my boss - my bosses mum had breast cancer so it spread to me genetically. then benedict gave me a mastectomy.
t3_49zphf-t1_d0wwkwf-d0x5v2x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6908	if your mother doesn't have the gene, it would be astronomically unlikely for you to have the gene. also, your insurance might not cover your test if your mom doesn't have the gene!  if finances aren't an option and you want true peace of mind, then go in with another family member's test results and ask for the same test. you'll feel better knowing for sure, either way.  if your mom comes back positive, and/or if you come back positive, please, please feel free to pm me. i'm brca1 and twenty-eight years old. i found out just thirteen months ago, and have already had a mastectomy and reconstruction. it sucks but it's not the end of the world. it's going to be okay. there are groups online and in person that i can point you toward, depending on where you live. if you're in the us, consider looking into a force group to start!
t3_3mkmdk-t1_cvfsd6t-cvgieuh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6612	my aunt had both her breast removed due to cancer before christmas one year. they gave her temporary implants until all her treatments were done and one of those managed to fold a little and had a sharp point sticking out at one place, which she made everyone feel.   tl:dr at my cousins christmas party my aunt went around making everyone feel the pointy part on her new fake boobs.
t3_144dcp-t3_144dcp-c79yc4k	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6702	i was around six years old when my grandmother who was a breast cancer survivor came to stay with us around the holidays. she had a mastectomy, and had a silicone insert in her bra. while she was sleeping, my dad put the insert in the freezer and then put it back shortly before she woke up. she went to put it on, screamed, and then proceeded to chase my father around the house, topless, beating him with it. still my funniest childhood memory.
t3_bf0vd-t1_c0mg2uv-c0mgc3t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	*enter mother*   lisa:  johnny was drinking yesterday and he hit me    mother:  oh johnny doesn't drink.  oh yeah, i have breast cancer   lisa:  oh you will be ok.      mother:  ok i have to run    *mother exits room*   i don't know anything about script writing but i know enough to know serious topics such as domestic abuse and terminal illness should not be taken in casual 4 lines of talking, just sayin'.  this movie is hilarious because of scenes like this.
t3_43uxpl-t3_43uxpl-czpqo19	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the title made me think about a more popular topic of people thinking that women breastfeeding is nasty. yeah i do not even want to go there. the production of a mothers milk is definetly more healthy for babies as i have heard many times before. the breast cancer thing was new to me so that was informative.
t3_47cgys-t3_47cgys-d0ce3kb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* longest period of sustained low inflation since the 60s. * low mortgage rates. * introduced the national minimum wage and raised it to £5.52. * over 14,000 more police in england and wales. * cut overall crime by 32 per cent. * record levels of literacy and numeracy in schools. * young people achieving some of the best ever results at 14, 16, and 18. * funding for every pupil in england has doubled. * employment at its highest level ever. * written off up to 100 per cent of debt owed by poorest countries. * 85,000 more nurses. * 32,000 more doctors. * brought back matrons to hospital wards. * devolved power to the scottish parliament. * devolved power to the welsh assembly. * fathers now get paternity leave of 2 weeks for the first time. * nhs direct offering free convenient patient advice. * gift aid was worth £828 million to charities in 2010. * restored city-wide government to london. * record number of students in higher education. * child benefit up 26 per cent since 1997. * delivered 2,200 sure start children's centres. * introduced the equality and human rights commission. * £200 winter fuel payment to pensioners &amp; up to â£300 for over-80s. * on course to exceed our kyoto target for reducing greenhouse gas emissions. * restored devolved government to northern ireland. * over 36,000 more teachers in england and 274,000 more support staff and teaching assistants. * all full time workers now have a right to 24 days paid holiday. * a million pensioners lifted out of poverty * 600,000 children lifted out of relative poverty. * introduced child tax credit giving more money to parents. * scrapped section 28 and introduced civil partnerships. * brought over 1 million social homes up to standard. * inpatient waiting lists down by over half a million since 1997. * banned fox hunting. * cleanest rivers, beaches, drinking water and air since before the industrial revolution. * free tv licences for over-75s. * banned fur farming and the testing of cosmetics on animals. * free breast cancer screening for all women aged between 50-70. * free off peak local bus travel for over-60s. * new deal – helped over 1.8 million people into work. * over 3 million child trust funds have been started. * free eye test for over 60s. * more than doubled the number of apprenticeships. * free entry to national museums and galleries. * overseas aid budget more than doubled. * heart disease deaths down by 150,000 and cancer deaths down by 50,000. * cut long-term youth unemployment by 75 per cent. * free nursery places for every three and four-year-olds. * free fruit for most four to six-year-olds at school.  oh, and peace in northern ireland. some failure.
t3_3h0n5x-t1_cu37u9c-cu3baus	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8086	probably water weight.  i did once gain an actual 10 lbs of fat in two weeks.  my wife had had a double mastectomy and i spent two weeks at home caring for her post surgery.  the casseroles kept showing up on the porch and we kept eating them.  we both put on 10 lbs.  it took me over a year and another sudden 5 lbs gain for me to get my shit together and beat those 15 lbs off of me plus another 10.
t3_w55kz-t3_w55kz-c5abmd3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	take a deep breath and try to calm down.  your grandparents will need your assistance; so, you need to be at your best.  cancer doesn't cause people to suddenly drop dead; and, most cancers have therapies available.  don't panic.  you have enough time to get educated and make reasoned decisions.  go with them to her next doctor appointment if you can and ask questions.  write things down to help them remember the information.  ask around and you'll likely find someone among your family and friends who have some experience with breast cancer.  they can help advise about local doctors and facilities.  if you stay calm it'll help her stay calm.
t3_35vazo-t3_35vazo-cr8xebl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7541	48 year old mom here.  i just recently got remarried.  i drank in my teens and thought my 20s and 30s but socially.  my x was a drinker and i hated it.  we argued about it a lot,  therefore i didn't drink much.  my father was an alcoholic and i was very mindful of my drinking.  my marriage fell apart.  he left one day and never looked back.  i was a single mom alone without a job.  my x went down hill quickly and i lost all child support and health insurance.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer a few months later.. i started drinking by myself at home after the kids went to bed.  it escalated and quickly got out of control.  it was a vicious cycle of fear,  desperation, loneliness and drinking. it lasted for about 10 years. i have regrets about my drinking, but i know that every day i say sober is a step in the right direction in repairing my own life and the relationships with my kids. life gets better when we care enough about ourselves and others to stop drinking.
t3_f5cbw-t3_f5cbw-c1dlam2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5123	i agree that there is a shit ton of emphasis on breast cancer as opposed to other cancers.. i have also been noticing this. personally i have lost three family members to breast cancer (didn't meet one of them, wasn't born) and have tested positive for the gene. my mother also is currently battling it and just had a double mastectomy. it's so prevalent in so many women... i guess which is why it gets so much attention? i don't really know. just my two cents.
t3_al3wr-t3_al3wr-c0i56ak	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7629	quick overview: my husband and live a very frugal and simple lifestyle. we moved to the area where we currently live because we were sick of living in high-density areas. we had a good job when we got here, but that industry has since dried up. we currently have multiple part-time jobs, which pay the bills with little to nothing left over.  we could move back to a city and get 9:00 to 5:00s, but we really love our peaceful existence here. once we get our ccs paid off we will have plenty of expendable income. for the time-being, he is on va health care, and i have clinic benefits at the local health department.  upon a recent visit, the doctor found a lump in my breast. it's been there for a while, but because i am prone to cysts, i hadn't been overly concerned. i was given a prescription for a diagnostic mammogram and referred to the american breast cancer foundation (as they were the charity with available funding). i was to receive a voucher to cover the costs of the procedure.  that was in october. in december i called to find out if it was normal for the voucher to take so long. i was informed that funding had run out and that i must wait until after the first of the year. all the while the lump in my breast and knot in my armpit are growing more painful.  i have contemplated going back and getting a prescription for another charity, but fear that it would take even longer (if i can get one). i have decided to call on monday and find out the status before i pursue another option.  in the meantime, i am scared and thought i'd create a post to share my journey through this experience with some strangers online. it may be a cyst, it may be the final stages of breast cancer. either way, i will share the results (and photos, if applicable) of the process i go through.   thanks for listening, and sharing your own stories on this topic.
t3_o2k9c-t1_c3e4cb4-c3e4kfr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're more than welcome! by perusing this thread i felt like some random awesome stranger myself, filling people with upvotes and comments on how great the stories were and such, but then i'm giving myself too much unneeded credit. hahah.  you mentioned this was a few years ago and that it was when you were first diagnosed with cancer. i don't want to just dive right into your life bombarding you with questions or whatever, but at the very least, i hope you're doing well and continue to do well. my family has had several run-ins with cancer, but none so severe or with members as closer to me or what have you, though recently a second cousin, once removed (at least i think that's the connection, but i'll spare you) has been diagnosed with breast cancer and she seems to be doing well through treatment. i can't come anywhere close to relating with you having it firsthand, but i'm doing my best to sympathize and wish you great health, as a random stranger in a thread about random strangers. xp
t3_3d49py-t3_3d49py-ct25keu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandmother only had one tit. i asked her about it when i was five and she told me she went to live with the amazons and they made her cut it off so she could draw a bow and arrow properly. it made sense to me, she was 6 feet tall. i believed that shit until i was twelve and got told about mastectomy scars.
t3_1cgkr3-t1_c9gesc6-c9gflhd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; trans-gender people do not dispute their sex;   some who do! it is very murky territory. chromosomes? organs? sure, they're relatively set in stone; but my medical treatment and the way my body behaves has no commonalities with being male. when i have to consider things like breast cancer but not prostate cancer, my iron level being too low, and how i react to medicines being maab (male assigned at birth) is irrelevant. so, some things don't change, but some change dramatically! mis-matching secondary sex characteristics also make it hard for me to believe that male and female are concrete. lots of cisgender female bodies will share characteristics with cisgender male bodies. intersex conditions and chromosomal abnormalities often go unnoticed. some females will have very high testosterone levels and some males won't have very much at all. secondary sex characteristics get blurred all the time.   my point isn't that everyone's sex can be self-identified, but that it is very much a gradient that can shift.
t3_2ypn8a-t3_2ypn8a-cpc7msz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	well, it was christmas eve 2007. i was 14. me and my younger sisters were at my grandmother's house helping her cook christmas diner. my mom had a doctor's appointment about an hour and a half away, so my mom and dad were going to be late. all of my family came to diner and it was as good as always. we opened gifts and i got my first computer that night! i was so excited. but then, my parents got back. my mom got diagnosed with breast cancer on christmas eve. even though the doctors said they caught it early enough, we were all still really scared. i started playing games on that new computer, and that is what really got me though the next year of seeing my mom go through chemo treatments and surgeries. at the end of 2008 my mom was cancer free and has been for 6 years now. this my be a bit off topic, but i think you guys will understand.
t3_tlfpd-t1_c4nmlok-c4nngic	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5029	this sounds all to familiar, i lost my mum after a 6 year battle with breast cancer in 2008, i was 18.  she had 2 brain tumours, kidney, liver and stomach tumours.  i am one of the few people who know that feel...and my god does it suck.  what i will say is this, take care of your family.  this may sound cliche but they really need you.  grief is one of those things without a time limit, it hit me after two years!    it seems really tough to begin with but it gets a hell of a lot easier.  do this, do not stop talking about her, just because she isn't around anymore doesn't mean she has to be out of your life.  the more you reminisce about happier times, the sadder you will feel, but in a few years you will look back and remember she's better off where she is now, out of pain and free from sickness.   peace out bro, stay strong.
t3_1jh9ol-t1_cbjobem-cbjuots	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7009	are you dumb? i mentioned that i didn't even understand that i had been depressed until i actually learned about it.    oh, and did you notice how i clearly wrote *after*, not 'because'? no?  what the hell makes an individual "qualified"? according to your bullshit standards, i'm qualified to talk about loads of things!  i was not "sad" - i was a depressed child/tween on and off for well over two years. it didn't manifest itself in the same way as it generally does in adults. i didn't even cry for a long time after he died. my younger brother, on the other hand, yeah he was sad. he was fucking distraught and grieved.  but hey, let's talk about what i *also* felt during or inbetween my bouts of depression!  my depression was combined with undiagnosed adhd, anxiety, exhaustion, behavioural issues, "unhappiness/joylessness/disinterest" (sorry, english is neither my mother tongue nor my main language so i can't think of the word i'm looking for at the moment), delusional thoughts (i thought that i was a hermaphrodite, that something was wrong with my vagina, that i was deformed and that i would develop into a man - i cried from relief when i finally got my period slightly before the age of 13 even though i was sick with a fever on top of the menstrual cramps, since it was definite proof that i possess a womb and am in fact female), and asperger's tendencies which resulted in me having social issues. i lost a lot of friends when people kind of began "maturing mentally".    i suffered intrusive thoughts (about death, harming and killing people and animals, committing suicide, sexual thoughts) and i was terrified that i would act out those compulsions. i had trichotillomania (ripped off my eyelashes and eyebrows etc., thank god the compulsions stopped but my eyelashes and eyebrows have never fully recovered and it doesn't look nice at all unfortunately).   i've also got dermatillomania, i started getting acne at 9 and still suffer from it at 23 (side note: my skin is pretty scarred today, i pick, squeeze, scratch and use tweezers several times a week all over my face, scalp and certain body parts until i look like a meth addict and it's awful. i'm trying to stop, longest time i've managed to resist doing it in the recent weeks is 4 days. my medication worsens the compulsions, but i can hardly function without it since i get exhausted with random bouts of hyperactivity, not to mention that i can't fucking think.)  i "accidentally" (compulsively) slowly tortured my lizard to death over several weeks (maybe even months) and i can still feel a pang of guilt and shame today about it.   in general i felt very ashamed of myself, confused about everything, felt like i constantly had a "mind fog" and thought i was worthless and evil. i thought i looked disgusting, and i felt disgusting. i hated myself for years. we didn't have much money, which was an added stress factor. i was very mean to my brother, we often fought physically, and i sometimes bullied him. i was also often mean to my mother and had lots of fights with her (who was depressed without my knowing and was on medication, i learned as an adult, and she got an adhd diagnosis and help the other year thanks to me at the ripe young age of 56 - my teenage years were very tough mentally and physically on both of us). i didn't develop a good, healthy, understanding relationship with them until i was an adult.  **i had no idea what was *wrong* with me, i just knew that i was fucked up, bad and different.**  i also started puberty at a very early age (9), which wasn't fun - i thought i had gotten breast cancer and broke down in front of my mother because i was terrified of dying, just like my father just had (oh, and no one had even told me nor my brother that he was dying. quite the shock. my mother recently apologized to me about that, and admitted that it was a bad choice of her and my other relatives to withhold that information from us).  how's that for an answer? i could tell you more, but i think you get the jist of it, and frankly, i don't really like to think about those years of my life.  **tl;dr? fuck your comment; you blatantly don't know shit.**
t3_3gr6dh-t3_3gr6dh-cu0oink	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i read this wrong at first. i don't try to get out of breast inspections. i have a family history of breast cancer and i show up every six months like i'm supposed to.   i think you wanted sassy answers, though. :p
t3_1nl1du-t3_1nl1du-ccjv0hz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the problem with what the awareness campaign has caused is that it talks about "being aware", but often is severely lacks information on what to be aware of. for example, most breast cancer, as far we know right now, is completely random as we have no idea what causes it. most people i have talked to about breast cancer assume that they are "alright" because "no one else in my family has had it". that's just not true. you also could be feeling pretty good, but have had a lump for days/months/possibly years without realizing it.  that leads me to this point: the breast cancer awareness campaign also doesn't stress what to look for. [here](http://www.nationalbreastcancer.org/breast-cancer-symptoms-and-signs) is a link that illustrates what to look for. screenings are essential and should be a part of every women's yearly physical. breast cancer awareness should also address men more than it does, as they can and do get breast cancer.  i have a long history of breast cancer in my family, yet i did not know what the brca gene was until a year ago (i'm 24 now). with as much as i see about the pink campaign, why hadn't i heard of it before? i did not know that we can actually test for genetic mutations that give you a much higher risk for cancer. i did not know that there were preventative options that exist. the pink campaign does a good job of "hey! this exists!" but it often fails to push the information that we do have. just because you have had a good medical history, does not mean you are immune to getting it. it can happen to anyone.  edit: words. sorry, writing in a rush.
t3_2gjt35-t1_ckjxjzr-ckjy7b3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just watched a video on a girl going through this same procedure! props to you for going through that! :) i have a line of breast cancer in my family, i'm hoping to get tested for brca1/2 soon. i'm planning on a double mastectomy without implants/reconstruction if i end up positive.
t3_yrtjd-t1_c5yi7t6-c5yiffo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	endometriosis is where the lining of the uterus implants where it shouldn't. the lining of the uterus is what sheds when you have your period, so it sheds whereever it implanted and causes bleeding and painful sex and awful pain and infertility and nothing in all combinations. a lot of women have this. like 10% of women. more than breast cancer and no one knows what it is it that sex and periods shouldn't make you want death. there'a discomfort, and there is pain.   vulvadynia/my other diagnosis that i can't exact remember the name of atm basically when the pelvic muscles are spasming or tightening when they aren't supposed to. it usually happens from repeated painful intercourse, or a traumatic event involving the pelvic muscles, like abuse or injury or even pregnancy. it is also very common but no one wants to talk vaginas.  i've had it roughhhhhh with the vag issues. i had really little endometriosis, but really awful pain. they kept the trying different treatments (there's no cure, just treatment and remission) and nothing worked. went to physio, was diagnosed with the vulvadynia thing. then after a bunch of surgeries and treatments and spending a total of almost three years of bedrest in long stretches , it turned out i had kidney stones which was somehow aggravating the everything else . three surgeries in the span of three months and i'm in 'miraculous remission'. still have issues with the vulvadynia thing but even that is better now that my endo is resolved. doctors are awed. life is weird.
t3_1p6chu-t1_cczqs0s-cczs5ec	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand. i don't know about you but i want to do more! i just started today with telling everyone on my social networks what endometriosis is and such.  and that they all know someone who suffers, me!  i can't take it that i didn't know this existed until i had it. every female knows about breast cancer and ovarian cysts and such but none know what endometriosis is!  or at least no one i know knew what it was.
t3_3nhgxu-t3_3nhgxu-cvou96u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it doesn't sound like you're struggling with finding your identity. you sound like you're actually very sure of who you are, which is really commendable at your age! your problems sound like they're with the social expectations of femininity and womanhood (rightfully so!) and with your peers who are adding on.   on the idea of you "feeling more comfortable" as a man, i'll just tell you now that it won't be the escape you're hoping. i'm not going to say that we don't have it better than women, cause of course we do. but within male culture, we also have an internal policing of our own members with regards to how much they adhere to masculinity. there's some escape from this depending on which subcultures you become a part of, but it's there to some degree in almost all of them. of course the penalties for non-adherence aren't as severe as a woman's non-adherence to femininity, but they are present.   since said you're not interested in passing and described yourself as having a very feminine figure, you won't meet those standards. i just think you should know that you're definitely viewing the grass as greener than it is, especially considering what your situation would be. and i would expect you'd end up feeling more and more pressure to do the things you said you don't want to do, like changing your voice, getting a mastectomy (or god forbid, binding), and other appearance alterations in order to attain that ever-elusive comfort.
t3_15fdww-t1_c7m5v32-c7m636z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yep! mine even touched up a tattoo she didn't even do for free! she is awesome. usually i get something touched up when i go in for a new tattoo. i am planning on making an appointment sometime in january for a breast cancer tattoo and i am going to ask her if she would please touch it up while i am there.    she will touch it up for free no matter what time of the year it is. she told me it would fade, but i really wanted it there so she said she would do it for me. i had to wear shoes the day after i got it done too. this is a pic of it the night she did it http://imgur.com/kpd3e. here is a pic of it the day after (it was swollen really badly)http://i.imgur.com/ycnzl.jpg.
t3_2ny6d6-t1_cmiwlmn-cmixc5z	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7632	i actually agree with you, but emotionally, i cannot.   i know there is a lot of bias, and i despise komen.  but i have trouble believing i would have been better off without the mammogram because i did have a cancerous tumor removed.  i am quite conflicted between evidence and personal experience.    i did have a false positive once, but i never thought it was cancer.  i went and had the biopsy, showed nothing.  so yes, that could be considered one "wasted" mammogram and procedure.  but three years later, the next positive was cancerous.  hence my personal conflict.  i think genetic testing is worthwhile, but it cannot detect cancer in those who do not carry the gene.  i do not, and yet i had breast cancer.   i feel a variety of options for detection and for treatment are desirable. also education, people need to realize there is no single cancer, what is good for detecting one may not be optimal for another.
t3_3g5078-t3_3g5078-ctuzkui	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	had an unexplained bruise on my breast, doctor asked me if i had a history of breast cancer in my family, i was 100% sure i had inflammatory breast cancer. got an ultrasound- it's just a bruise.
t3_3d834i-t3_3d834i-ct43tpv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the history of the oppression of people of color by the west, and, by extension, white people, spans centuries. africans were enslaved and brought to the new world, where european colonialists stole land from indigenous people. colonies across the global south brought untold wealth into the coffers of europe, with the low, low cost of suffering for native populations.   today, we’re still living with the legacies of colonialism: in the united states, the black community is dealing with the aftermath of slavery and the poverty and systemic prejudice it left behind. in many african nations, the collapse of former colonies left governments in shambles and unable to support themselves. in australia, indigenous people struggle with a high poverty rate and low access to health care.  white people, in contrast with people of color, do not experience systemic discrimination that makes it difficult to find and hold jobs, access housing, get health care, receive a fair treatment in the justice system, and more. when it comes to social disparities, they’re the ones consuming and receiving the bulk of the resources; in just one example, black women in the u.s. are more likely to die from breast cancer due to delayed diagnosis. that’s the result of racism within the medical system.   despite the belief stated by some white people that they are more oppressed than people of color, their claims don’t bear out when looking at social metrics like statistical representation in the justice system, poverty, educational achievement, and unemployment rates.
t3_32jy74-t1_cqcc1zc-cqcch9x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8099	how about a real life scenario?  pregnant mom gets diagnosed with aggressive breast cancer. good news it was caught early so they take the breasts and pump her full of chemo and she'll very likely survive.   the chemo will kill the baby.   delaying the treatment until the baby can survive on its own will give the cancer the time it needs to put up camp in her lymph nodes, after which, lights out.   one will die.   who do we chose? do we let the mother chose?   if we let the mother chose why is it okay for her to murder the baby to save her life. it's still murder. you can't murder me to take my kidneys so you will live.   edit: this really happened. this isn't a pie in the sky story. the mom died in the real life version. she did not have the choice though.
t3_1f170h-t3_1f170h-ca5t9j6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm a mom of a 20-year-old. i played a few casual games when my daughter was younger (pc, then ps1) but eventually lost the time and interest. in fall 2011 i picked up a ps3 controller in a best buy and played the demo for uncharted 3 and fell in love. my husband bought me a ps3 and all the uncharted games for christmas that year, and i have spent many, many happy hours playing (those, then others). on the 'easy' setting these games are not overly frustrating to someone with limited gaming skills, and they're a damn lot of fun.   if you don't have a ps3 and don't want to buy one, i believe the pc versions will work with an xbox controller ('cos learning to use the keyboard controls is kindof a bitch).   good luck and god bless to your mom in her battle. don't give up hope; my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 4th stage a year and a  half ago. she had terrible problems with chemo, it was all so bad we didn't think she'd make it to last christmas. four months ago she called it quits with the chemo and prepared herself for the worst. last week she was officially declared in remission. life works in truly mysterious ways. hang in there.
t3_zn4ei-t1_c661ab0-c661bl8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh wow, glad that didn't go too bad for you! i admit i had no idea you could get breast cancer that young, so that is a good thing to know!   to be honest i haven't a clue what forever knight is but yessss fanfiction &lt;33
t3_2mumkl-t1_cm7v82j-cm83nvg	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7442	&gt; i know she didnt know me the last time i saw her. i didnt cry much because i knew it was coming eventually.  the worst is when someone you've loved your whole life doesn't know you.  my mom was a long term breast cancer survivor until five years ago.  she had it for just over 19 years from her diagnosis to her death.  she fought it hard, and lived a full and happy life during those 19 years, but the end sucked for all but her.    they found it in her liver (after finding it in her spine (she lost three inches of her height), her hip (she walked with a pronounced limp for her last five years), her breast and lymph system again and again and again) about three months before she died, so just like you we knew the end was coming.  we just didn't know how quickly it would come.  her doctor and our whole family believe that it finally took root in her brain, because she went from herself one evening to a totally different person the next morning, then four days later she was gone.  i called to talk to her the morning that she lost "it" and she had no idea who i was and wouldn't talk to me on the phone.  my parents lived overseas, so i never talked to her or saw her again, and that really sucked.  she didn't even know my dad, who cared for her until she died at home.  that hurt him to no end, but he got through it somehow, because it certainly wasn't her fault.  thanks for letting me vent.  hopefully nobody walks into my office for a few minutes, because every time i think about my mom i end up crying for a while.  oh well, who cares what anyone thinks.  she was my hero.
t3_wys8n-t1_c5hsls9-c5htchu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8349	i don't quite understand you reply.  i had compared the law mandating you own a gun to the health care mandate, and i was responding to the comment:  &gt; the people that the militia act applied to already owned working firearms  i understand that you need to come to work prepared.  but he said everyone covered by the law was already prepared. the question was, if everyone was already prepared, why did they need a law to mandate it.  i am also unsure of your second point, but wanted to clarify that emergency care only covers emergencies.  people die all the time in the us because the do not have access to medical care, and by the time it is an emergency, it is too late.  if you have cancer, er is not required to give you chemo.  i have known a woman with breast cancer that had insurance, but was not getting treatment because if she did, would would not be able to work and would lose her job and, therefore, her insurance.  so she would end up still not getting treatment but also unemployed.  the point being that having access to emergency medical care is not a satisfactory situation.  but it does mean you are a health care consumer.
t3_2if8f2-t3_2if8f2-cl1st54	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you have cancer and it's a big deal.  you need to drop the conspiracy theories and alternative nonsense you've been spouting and just follow what the doctor says.  they aren't trying to poison you silly girl.  eating healthy and cleansing your spirit and soul with this stone or that special herb this guy mentioned on line will not cure breast cancer.  you have children and you have responsiblities and you can't play around with this whole new age bullsh*t you've been about all these years.  it was tolerable in the past because it did no harm.  but you have to drop the magic and go listen to the doctor now.    all your "friends" on fb liking your stubborn stance and enabling your crap are pissing me off to the point i want to smack some of them.  this is your damn life.  please don't die.
t3_4xokfe-t1_d6hu8gj-d6hvi9w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	do you know cannabinoids (the things that make up cannabis) are naturally occurring in breast milk? they encourage baby to eat. soothe baby. and make them happy and sleepy. sound like anything else we know?  did you know cannabis induce neurogenesis? thats the killing off of unhealthy nerve and the birthing of new ones. cannabis creates new pathways in the brain. it doesn't destroy them (unless already dead or dying in which case it will replace the ones it takes).  i'm not advocating passing a j to your kids. but i see no reason why a sick child shouldn't be allowed to use marijuana in a medical capacity with doctor supervision. there are some pretty amazing stories out there of cannabis making epileptic kids seizure free. and non-verbal autistic kids speaking after 1-2 doses of cannabis. saving kids dying of cancer in days to weeks.   humans and mammals have an endocannabinoid system. there are receptors all throughout our bodies. cb1 and cb2 receptors work like a lock and key with cannabinoids. cb1 is mostly in the brain and mostly triggered by thc. which is why we get high. cb2 receptors are mostly in the major organs and are better activated by cbn.
t3_4bjed2-t1_d19odnc-d1a5eg4	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i sorry but im calling bull fucking shit!   it's not 100% about being a fighter but being a fighter drastically improves your odds. my evidence is purely anecdotal, but it's the anecdotal evidence i'm most confident of being correct.  my mom was diagnosed with stage three metastatic breast cancer and was given five years to live. that was when i was 8. i'm 24 now. she still teaches full time university chemistry lab courses and is on her feet many hours a day. she also still receives chemo therapy once a week, which in her 16 years of nearly continuous treatment she has easily received 1000+ rounds of chemo a fact she is pretty confident is a world record. people always ask "how's your mom doing?" "i've always been able to say "the same." is she exhausted everyday? extremely. is she constantly nauseous, constantly dehydrated, and constantly being betrayed by her own body? you betcha. has she let up? not really (i say not really because she only recently stopped teaching summer school).   now you're all probably thinking my mom is just some outlier whose case is special and the cancer didn't really spread and they caught it early. nope. they caught it late and it moved to her lymph nodes. it even eventually moved to her brain. how did she manage this? she's a fighter.   she has researched her own case tirelessly. she often fought her medical team on what they wanted to do. she even fought the medical/insurance system for what she had to do. she sees herself as part of team combating this disease, not just some passive person this is all happening to. she often says that in medical situations, "you have to be your own advocate." i'm pretty confident if more patients went into medical situations with 1/10 of her grit a lot more people diagnosed with cancer would be alive or at least have a higher standard of living.   i know it's hard and not everyone psychologically handle things to the extent she has and she's definitely a very special person, but honestly being a fighter has helped her and my family everyday for almost two decades. i don't mean just tough either. actually fighting, actually trying to win. you don't just endure the tests and medical appointments. you go home. you harass the journal of clinical oncology until they give you the doctor rate and you learn how to fight.
t3_45ltil-t1_czyo1d9-czyszap	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	tell you what..every time your buy a burger at a fast food restaurant, before you're allowed to eat the burger, you have to watch a video showing the fat clogging your arteries. the video must take at least an hour to watch , and you must pay to watch it, and it must double the cost of the burger. afterwards, you must wait 48 hours before you can eat that burger. i'm required by law to tell you that eating the burger will give you either breast cancer or testicular cancer even though it's completely false.  the burger restaurant must have admitting privileges at a nearby hospital, which will have protesters outside 24/7 calling the restaurant murders, all just in case eating the burger causes complications lie heart attack...which happens only in minuscule amount of the time... and finally to enter the restaurant your must run a gauntlet of more protesters who believe in the rights of the cow and who believe you are attacking their right to free speech of you prevent them from screaming, intimidating, touching, holding you, tackling, or in some cases killing you to save the life of the cow.  now by your logic, no none of that interfered with your right to eat a burger  edit:  oh,i forgot. the fast food restaurant has to be built to surgical standards expressly for the purpose of closing restaurants, which causes all but 1 burger restaurant in your state to close. now, your right to a burger is still not being infringed on.
t3_2or1eh-t1_cmptn90-cmpu0d3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;there were some issues with the breast cancer drug herceptin. a lot of countries with universal systems weren't willing to cover the drug, and it led to protests.  to be fair, that comes down in part to people wanting the drug, rather than doctors prescribing it. in the uk this was before the drug was licensed and often in cases where at the time (and in retrospect...) it wasn't deemed likely to be effective.  it also certainly isn't someone being told that their condition isn't covered, the patients were being treated for their conditions and certainly weren't being asked to foot the boll for them.    now, you are absolutely right that when it comes to drugs and treatments that all healthcare systems make decisions based on what is effective (and that includes cost), but those decisions should be being made primarily on the best scientific and medical evidence..
t3_1qkh9d-t1_cddqj29-cde6syf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6765	definitely, your lady bits can be a ticking time bomb. i'd never had a single problem except for one short-lived yeast infection, but apparently women issues run in my family. i found all this out when i told my mom about my pap results, and she unleashed all this family history i had no idea about. she herself has polyps, my younger sister has ovarian cysts, my grandmother on my father's side had aggressive cancer that was probably ovarian that spread to all sorts of things including external tissue like her perianal area (i had only known she had breast cancer a few times), and there have been multiple hysterectomies in my family. it was a little distressing to find out, and i don't know why i didn't find out until i was almost 30!  so i definitely, definitely recommend all you ladies making sure to keep up with your pap smears and exams.
t3_amys4-t3_amys4-c0ifaym	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	how ridiculous!   donate!  your time volunteering or your money to research:  www.cancer.org     stop telling me it's fun to raise awareness!  cancer is not fun.  posting your bra color does nothing!   thank you for this post!  i have a family member currently dealing with breast cancer and facebook has only angered me!
t3_1igaqi-t1_cb4buoz-cb4c0zd	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5012	i am also (nearly) 35 years old. man how time flies. this is very personal but ill tell it anyway.  when i was 16 years old, i had a clandestine fling with a married (but very unhappy) woman who was about 33. she was diagnosed with breast cancer before i met her and had a double mastectomy about a year into our relationship. one time, shortly after her procedure, we were having sex when one of the implants came loose. (i'm not going to get into detail about that) of course we stopped, and while i was trying to keep from freaking out, she burst into tears. i spent what was likely an hour or more just consoling her and holding the implant against her chest so it wouldn't fall out. she sobbed and sobbed about her shortcomings as a woman and all i could do was hold her and tell her it would be ok. obviously we went to the hospital after that. she survived her fight with a mixture of strength and luck (and good doctors) but that was a lot for 17 year old me to handle. i never talk about it, but ill never forget it. i doubt i'd be any better at it now.
t3_1g823q-t3_1g823q-cahu8jo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am 22 and have worked at champs sports for 5 years now. the nike elite socks started with a few basic colors (red, black blue, navy) and have spread to colorway to match certain shoes. kd even had his own brand of nike elites to match his kds that release. personally i probably have 15+ pairs of the elites just to match shoes that i have plus two pairs of the breast cancer awareness ones.  mostly its just a sales pitch by nike to match shoe colorways either exclusive, release dates, or regular releases.
t3_3iey6y-t3_3iey6y-cuftntx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7592	she's lying dude, sounds like she's fucking crazy, i have breast cancer i'm dying but guess what ... ****she knew that subject of her dying from cancer killed me inside, but to hear that she wanted to spend her last few months having gang bangs and other bdsm sexual experiences with other guys **** really? lmao,,,run dont walk she's crazy asf..call the cops on her when she gets crazy but damn get away
t3_3w0r7n-t1_cxut5mh-cxvbid5	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i did put a child through and no, elite employers did not look down on graduates from all state universities. granted, some were 'sub-standard' in the same way some universities in canada are/were (ie carleton u. in ottawa up to @15 yr. ago) but the majority were also respected by employers.  we did not lose anything in way of deductions but then we used an accountant for our taxes. don't know how you paid out so much on medical. my personal physician was 'out of plan' and cost me $150 per year for my physical (she booked a 1 hour exam). when i had breast cancer identified through a mammogram i was referred to a specialist, had a biopsy 5 days later and the tissue was successfully removed with me declared cancer free after 1 yr. followup mammograms once a month for 6 months, once every 2 months for next 6 months, once every 6 months for next yr at no out of pocket expense.  never had any wait times for diagnostic follow-ups for kids or wait time for specialists.   sp you're right, it depends on one's situation - not always clear.
t3_3ynh83-t1_cyfd7ku-cyfsdit	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5952	this.  i have breast cancer and at the surgery appointment the doctor advised against the size i am now because with saline it would be...knocking things over.  boyfriend looks over side eye and goes "oh... like.... *knockers*..."  it was a solid 10 seconds before we all laughed because damn...smooth.  but yeah i am going for my size now (maybe a eeny weeny bit bigger) even if i knock shit down.  by the power of boobs....
t3_xzm8u-t1_c5r37g3-c5r39ll	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6633	yeah, i mean they though i had breast cancer when i was 12.. i mean i could else's if it was like ovarian cancer in a f-m transit or prostate cancer in a m-f transit, but it's breast cancer... it may as well have been stomach cancer or brain cancer.. it can affect anyone
t3_2dtwdz-t1_cju6m83-ckn85mh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7207	i have two family cases of breast cancer on my mums side (her sister and cousin) and informed the gic at charring cross, they still gave me scripts for hrt, although i got given oestradiol tabs and leuprorelin injections, not androcur or spiro, if that makes any difference.
t3_18az0g-t3_18az0g-c8d99a6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7866	i have been screaming this same chorus for two years.  the vast, vast and incredibly large number of people who both support this bill and don't understand the difference between universal health insurance and universal health care is astounding.  i was diagnosed with an advanced breast cancer almost 16 years ago. part of the care required a bilateral mastectomy. federal law mandates insurance that covers a mastectomy must also pay for reconstruction.   except if a woman has medicaid, there isn't a single plastic surgeon in the entire state of florida that accepts medicaid for reconstruction. not one. so women have the medicaid insurance, but no care.  and obamacare is pushing hundreds of thousands towards medicaid.  medicare is almost as bad. try moving to a retirement community like southwest florida's coast. doctors limit the number of medicare only patients because the reimbursements are so low. the elderly can wait months to see a doctor.
t3_34m831-t1_cqwajc9-cqwawl1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	get it checked. i had surgery today for breast cancer that presented like that. i got it checked straight away and got it early. don't leave it and don't worry about it! the scans don't hurt and 90% of lumps are nothing nefarious. but just in case, have it looked at!
t3_119mtz-t1_c6kx1i6-c6kyul4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;2) i find it laughable you're playing internet doctor (and psychologist) over a short first-person article. i'm sure you know better than her team of doctors. do you really think she would have opted for a double mastectomy without being really, absolutely sure as to its necessity? she had years to think about it and back out if she wanted.  i never said anything at all about the operation she had. perhaps i am not the person misreading the article or the responses.  the women should have had better counseling. she let her anxieties and neuroses run rampant over her life and relationship for 15 years longer than they needed to be, and dramatically hurt herself and her husband.  that's something to be sad about, for her, and for her husband.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jllq2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6764	my grandmother was first diagnosed with breast cancer in 1982 or so.  she was told she would never see her grandchildren, and that she should prepare for the worst.  i was born in 1988, with my omi greeting me as i was born.  she was diagnosed again in 1991, and was given the same general diagnosis.  in 1992, my brother was born, and she was there, once again.  she lived cancer free for almost two decades, and passed away only two years ago, after she was diagnosed with a different type of cancer in 2008.  you're going to make it through.  stay strong.  stay tough.  cherish your children, and keep in mind that you want to be there through each milestone in their lives.  the human body does amazing things if you will it to be so.  my grandmother passed away in december 2009, and her condition had been worsening for a few months.  when i saw her in november, i broke down.  but she held on, even complaining that my facial hair looked terrible.  she got to meet my incredible and loving girlfriend, which is something that means the world to me.  my uncle flew out to maryland from california to see her.  she died the day after he left.  i sincerely believe she willed it so; she wanted to see her only son before she left.  stay strong.  we're here for you.
t3_1oy20d-t1_ccx326o-ccx35hz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't follow the leadership, but two things, first, they do the type of things like the perfume i mentioned.  total douchebag move.   but also the heart of the issue here is that they're not a breast cancer organization. they're a breast cancer *awareness* organization. which is a very distinct different.   i have two relatives with breast cancer right now so this issue hits really close to home with me.
t3_2dlm8w-t3_2dlm8w-cjqqvh7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cheers to good results! i'm glad it turned out to be nothing and sorry you had to deal with that stress. some women in my family have had breast cancer and others carry the brca gene. i'm considering this my wake up call to start being better at regular bses.
t3_1wookr-t3_1wookr-cf5x16r	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was first diagnosed with breast cancer at 29 years old (my son was six weeks). i have the brca1 gene mutation so was being monitored in the clinic pretty regularly. my tumor went from tiny to 8.5 cm within 5 months (i thought it was a blocked milk duct or something). i have triple negative bc (more aggressive, less treatment options). had the chemo, double mastectomy, radiation. had a clear 1.5years, then it metastasized. again chemo, surgery, radiation. had another 1.5 clear years, then another recurrence to my lung. surgery, chemo. back to no evidence or disease and am hoping for another 1.5years before needing treatment again.   my point is that even when the cancer has metastasized there are treatment options. my time maybe limited but i am hoping to have the best quality of life for as long as possible. it is scary and overwhelming but there is hope. research is making progress and there are new treatment options becoming available. good luck to you both!   be prepared to step up a lot with household chores, child rearing, etc. if you need any tips, advice, pm me. one tip that i suggest is that you just do things (cooking, dishes, shopping, laundry, etc.) without waiting for her to tell you what she needs. if she's anything like me, she'll be too proud to ask for help. i hope that you have some family or friends nearby that can also lend a hand. her sister might have some good insight into how to help.
t3_1ofujl-t3_1ofujl-ccry8ui	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8364	i can relate totally.  i was diagnosed with an aggressive form of breast cancer that spread to my lymph nodes with a not so good prognosis.  my cancer did not show up on a mammogram or ultrasound which is scary and delayed getting treatment.  after receiving six doses of chemo of three different drugs, my pets scan came back showing no cancer and my surgery confirmed it.  i just put in god's hands and what it is meant to be will be.  today, i am still cancer free.  never give up even when it sounds to bad to bare.  there is always hope :)
t3_18dnfm-t3_18dnfm-c8e4cw1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	your heart and head make you a woman. not your bits and pieces. thats just the wrapping. a cancer survivor isnt suddenly not a woman because shes had a radical mastectomy and hystorectomy. you are a woman, lovely and strong and firece and brave just as you were before. that strength of character is who you are. celebrate your body and all it can do. woman are incredible. we have so much ability and strength and now you have your health to be able to do anything with those attributes. value your whole self, not just your parts. go get a bra that makes you feel wonderful and confidant and sexy. do something that celebrates you. dance, spa day, great meal, vacation with friends, do something that scares you. reach out and help some young girls. nothing makes me feel stronger in who i am then encouraging young girls that they are worthy and strong and fantastic and capable. i highly reccomend it.
t3_42sc1b-t1_czcpc7q-czdlkxf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7984	i'm going to make an educated guess and say that you have thyroid cancer? although not the same type, i had breast cancer treatment 2 years ago when i was 32: double mastectomy (no reconstruction), 2nd surgery to remove more lymph nodes, chemo, radiation, herceptin infusions, and now i take fareston instead of tamoxifen (an estrogen receptor antagonist). i feel like my treatment was easy and nothing like the horror stories i'd heard about chemo. i did get tired and wanted to nap more than usual, but overall, i was fine. the major thing i noticed was what's called "chemo brain." it's real and it doesn't go away right after you stop treatment, either. i've read that it can last for several years. mostly i've had word-recall problems and forgetting things (i had to look up fareston on google in a roundabout way because i couldn't remember the name of the drug. i'm also too lazy to go look at the bottle). i can see the object in my mind but it takes a bit longer to find the word. it's incredibly frustrating.  i've also been pregnant when i was around your age, also going to school, but for my ba, not phd. although i don't remember (hah!) the "pregnancy brain" aspect of forgetting things, i do remember being just *so tired* - especially in the first trimester. i'm sure other pregnant women here will back me up on the fatigue that hits you when you're pregnant. like, you know you should really get up and brush your teeth and get in bed, but you're so comfy in your spot on the couch. you're so warm and it feels like it takes more energy than you have to get up. so you'll just stay here for a few more minutes....  and then you're asleep.  now, combine being pregnant with chemo and school and that's a recipe for making a crazy person. you're 23. you have years ahead of you to have children. right now isn't ideal. at all. i get that your bf is getting to a time in his life where he wants to have kids, but he's not the one who will do the majority of the childcare in the first year (while also finishing up a phd) and dealing with regulating meds that make you feel like shit until they're right. it's **all** about the mom in the first year. that's a lot of pressure and responsibility for anyone, let alone a woman who's going to school and dealing with post-cancer healing and medication adjustment. go with u/roflllobster's last paragraph.   i know breast cancer isn't the same as the type that you have, but i wanted to give you the perspective from someone who's dealt with cancer treatment fairly recently who didn't have a horrible experience. also, it's expensive, even with insurance.  good luck with your treatments and your phd program; i hope you find a solution you're comfortable with. :)
t3_f7d2a-t3_f7d2a-c1du4tt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my brother was in interpreter. he once got a job in an institution interpreting for a guy who suddenly got schizophrenia and attacked his wife because *satellites* told him to do that. in this place there would be various activities and groups and and my brother would need to be present to interpret for his patient so that his patient could participate as well.   one of the groups was a spirituality group. it was supposed to be non-denominational but the lady that was leading it would do nothing but talk about jesus all the time.   so one time this lady was saying how god talks to you. keep in mind that some of these people hear voices. so the leader is saying how god talks to her and then she asked "does god talk to any one of you?"  nobody said anything.  "c'mon" said the lady "i know that god must talk to you. mary, does god ever talk to you."  "well" said mary "one time i lost one of my children and a while later i was diagnosed with breast cancer and it was very difficult time for me, but i feel god was in my life, and that he helped me get through."  "that is fine" said the leader "but that is not what i meant. i mean does god talk to you in words, in your head. i know he talks to me. does he talk to you"  "well no" said mary  the leader, now slightly frustrated said."c'mon people. god must be talking to you! bob! does god ever talk to you?"  "um" said the bob who is mildly retarded "lady, this is a mental hospital. if i were to say that god talks to me, they would pump me full of medicine"  my brother couldn't stop laughing for the rest of the session.
t3_2xay8q-t1_coyqaar-coyuski	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree, what about a signature? or, one of my good friends is a tattoo artist - her mom was diagnosed with breast cancer so she gave her mom a super quick crash course in tattoo basics and then had her mom write something on her. it was literally 'i love you baby - mom' and looks pretty chicken scratchy but its small and super meaningful and she absolutely loves it and will always carry that. what about doing something similar to that?
t3_1m6izf-t3_1m6izf-cc6ojp1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.508	this will probably get buried...but...  honest to god, the worst punishment of my life was when my mother had breast cancer (and was only parent of 5 kids at this point, father died several years previously) and going through chemo.  she would give me a serious punishment for something (i was a trouble child, into stupid shit like drinking, drugs, sex at a ridiculous age (12, 13+) and would forget about the situation entirely 10 minutes later.  i thought it was awesome until about several later when she started to realize halfway through that she had punished me and completely forgotten it and that i was ignoring the punishment because i knew she forgot and wouldn't enforce it.  it randomly came up one night when she had noticed it (not in an accusing way, but more in a 'i failed you' sort of way) and not only recent shit, but things she had noticed the last several years that had just not registered...  i've worked my ass off since to not wrong her and try to behave since that day, been nearly 5 years now...  i've felt so bad about doing that...
t3_4x3xya-t1_d6ef9as-d6ek3ya	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dads mom and sister passed from breast cancer. my moms mom, moms grandma, moms grandmas sister, and my moms aunt had breast cancer and i had a great uncle who also had breast cancer-crazy right ?  my maternal grandma got tested and she did not have the gene. even tho the cancer is prevalent on moms side, something deep inside feels like it came from my dads side. you'd have to know my family to understand why, but we all kind of feel this way. yes if it wasn't fur family history, i would not have been so worried when i found the lump. i actually read other women in their twenties with breast cancer and most are at stage 3/4 and it has metastasized because when a 25 year old woman feels a lump she assumes she is too young to have cancer. i am very worried about passing it on to my children, but i can't let cancer ruin my life more s d keep me from having my own child. i've always told myself once i get my life together i will have a baby as a gift to myself. i have too much love to give to not have a child. luckily by the time she is a young woman, advances in medicine will keep her safe if she were to get diagnosed. i don't want to be selfish. i'm not trying to be and bringing someone in the world knowing she has a 50/50 shot at being brca positive might be. but if she would be anything like me she would take the cancer if it meant having s life full of love and happiness in between
t3_1ksc0b-t3_1ksc0b-cbsebdu	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	switzerland  let me put it like this: the mandatory insurance costs are significant. i pay ~$200 as a healthy 30-year-old male, and i have a franchise of chf 3200 per year (which means i have to take the first 3200 per year on the chin). this means that per year, i'm looking at 2500 - 5000 in "medical" bills. considering the median wage over here is ~50'000 yearly (minimum wage is ~3000 per month), this is expensive, but doable. the idea behind this is to prevent people from running to expensive specialists when all they really need is someone to talk to. with our high wages, it's sensible, even if it looks expensive at first glance.  but the thing is that it stops there, very abruptly. this year is the first year that this mattered to me, and it mattered a whole lot. my wife was diagnosed with breast cancer of the brca-kind, went through chemo and will have a double mastectomy coming up very shorty, followed by radiotherapy and long term drugs. i've seen most of the bills, but some went to the insurer directly. the very first one i got already put her above the 2.5k franchise. the total up to now is somewhere north of 30'000, though i have stopped counting it exactly.  **public health insurance is not meant to make going to the doctor cheap. it is meant to prevent your life from falling apart when destiny hits you with the ugly stick**, and believe me, when you are confronted with the fact that your wife has a sickness that might well kill her, you have no stomach to pay five-digit bills.  i'm quite resistant to stress, my family is decently well-off and extremely supportive of both me and my wife, i have a good job and earn a decent sum of money (i could probably just about pay for the treatments without health care, but it would destroy all my savings and require some extra hours), i live in a safe country, and i must compliment the nurses and doctors that cared for us from the bottom of my heart because they did an amazing job. i'm not trying to brag, i want to say that despite all my privileges, this year was (and still is) a fucking-bitch-asshole-motherfucker-cocksucking pile of misery, please forgive me the expletives. we get up every morning and have to face the facts that there will be blood and gore and side-effects and possible infertility and still soldier on as if everything was fine.  when i try to imagine how people have to cope who have literally none of these advantages, i wish i could go and punch some sense into the fuckers who thought that health should be a privilege for the rich.  [some numbers are simplified, but about correct] any questions?
t3_2ta2t2-t3_2ta2t2-cnxj4nr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6701	not a doctor, but...  i had a swollen gum, kinda spongy and one of my molars was a little loose.  went to dentist 2 or 3 months later, it was a cyst the size of a marble.  two benign tumors, an ameloblastoma and an ameloblastic fibroma.  one of which can grow rapidly as though it were malignant.  it had eaten away at the lower jawbone to the point where it was only 3 mm or so thick at the thinnest part, and removed the roots of 3 molars.  surgery and bovine bone grafts later, i'm perfectly fine and saving for implants, but if i had waited any longer i'd have had to have the whole section cut out and replaced with cadaver bone and metal.  my mom had a rash, which turned out to be stage 3 breast cancer. double mastectomy later and she's in remission.  my dad felt faint walking to work from the bus stop one day, turns out he had a calcified valve in his heart.  now he's got a plastic valve and a pace maker.  he also had kidney cancer but i don't remember the circumstances of its discovery.  my brother worries that he's overdue for some life altering illness.
t3_26owml-t1_cht51kl-chtwmmo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6474	thanks! i'm not sure what the out-of-pocket cost will be for the drug they want to put me on but when i asked how much it costs without coverage the neurologist told me $17,000 per year which i couldn't afford. i'm waiting for another appointment to discuss medication options and will hopefully get a clearer idea of what my portion will be. living healthy is crucial no matter what, like you say, and you're right that we can't endlessly try out different therapies. it's going to be a gamble. i'm just risk-adverse by nature :) so i try to research things to death and get lots of feedback from people who have been through it.  there are risks to the medications though... slightly increased risk of breast cancer with copaxone for example... so it's not totally risk free. plus they don't really know what it might do to a person say 30 yrs down the road, and it seems iffy as to whether they provide any protection against disability. that's the stuff that keeps me on the fence about whether to take it and deal with potential side effects, but so far i've had a very mild disease course with only 1 episode of optic neuritis and nothing else for symptoms in 2 years, but i do have a ton of brain lesions with one new one in the last year, so i have to think that at some point relapses will become a problem.
t3_1qir07-t3_1qir07-cde38xe	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know the type of breast cancer your mom has, but when i was diagnosed, my cancer was all over the place including the chest wall and skin. i also had bone and brain mets, massive amounts of skin mets and for some reason the pleural cavity, but that never went anywhere and 42 of 42 positive nodes.  i'm 16+ years out and while i've had some recurrences, i'm fine.  i have a rare breast cancer where by definition, skin and chest wall infiltration are expected. it's highly unusual and very unlikely your mom has this. a rapid swelling is associated with this cancer, not a lump as well as a tell-tale rash, and your mom apparently doesn't have either of those symptoms.  once you have an answer about the type, staging and treatment plan, it gets much easier.
t3_2ikrp6-t1_cl40o0o-cl43xsk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	idj how it could make it worse. it was designed to get rid of breast cancer and i'm pretty sure its a dht derivdtive, which means it can't convert to e2.  give it a shot. if it works, i'm going to be mad as hell i put myself through the letro protocol when i had a lot of epistane on hand.
t3_yl167-t3_yl167-c5ws2ac	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	what an inspiring story!  my wife (and mother of 2) has struggled with her self-image and confidence and battled body image disorders and borderline eating disorders for nearly 30 years.  last fall, after she completes p90x and starts to feel like she's "getting her shit together" (her words), she was diagnosed with breast cancer and went through treatment, finishing up this spring.  during that time, she continued to do p90x, but towards the end there were times after chemo that she couldn't even walk up the stairs she was so weak.  this summer, she asked me to help her strength train using the traditional power lifts (bench, deadlifts, squats).  now she's looking and feeling great with her new found strength.  i don't want to jack your thread or anything, but we understand how things can go wrong and how you have to plow through to meet your goals.  your story is great and you look amazing.  keep up the good work.
t3_4alevp-t3_4alevp-d11oycn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"sir."  the aging woman looked up, pushing her glasses back to the bridge of her reddened nose.  "sir, the weapon is ready."  it was the end, she mused.  humanity's forays into environmental modification, successful as they may have been in averting venus syndrome, had come at the ultimate price.  beta-glucoranic lambda leptase, beagle for short, had transformed the ocean surface, increasing its reflectivity by harnessing plankton biomass, and saving the planet.  they had anticipated the increase in cancer rates, the massive storms, even the die-off of vulnerable marine species - but not the infertility.  precious few mammals remained, humans included.  the birth rate had collapsed, and now more than ninety-seven percent of the remaining female population had undergone menopause.  it was a catastrophe.  "what weapon?"  "the weapon of mass creation.  the weapon to end the end."  she knew very well which weapon he had meant.  it had been all of two hours since she had last cursed herself for allowing it one of the last rounds of research funding.  she had tried to forget, ignorance out of disgust.  she fixed the unwanted harbinger with a cold emerald stare.  "millions will die.  beyond that it is tantamount to rape."  he paled even further than his pallid complexion already had through the rigours of time.  she detected a hint of blue in his lips.  "but humanity and the other mammals will survive until beagle has broken down."  "is it worth the cost though?  we've made our own bed."  maybe death was better than what they were going to do.  "it's not up to you, with due respect.  the scientists who worked on this have taken the decision out of your hands.  the last package was launched three hours ago.  it is in orbit already.  i'm telling you as a courtesy, sir."  mutiny then.  so be it.  "ah, just so.  monstrous, but for the decision not to be mine?  i think i should thank you before i have you all imprisoned."  "of course.  many have already said their goodbyes and taken an honourable exit."  "killed themselves, escaping punishment, you mean."  "yes.  for what is to come, can you blame them?"  "no.  truly, i considered it for even entertaining the idea.  when do the capsules enter the atmosphere?"  seventy-two vehicles in orbit flipped over and burned their engines, slowing down.  they begun to spin slowly, disgorging smaller reentry capsules at the appropriate moments to spread them evenly around the land masses of the world.    the capsules fell, heating in the upper atmosphere until they were moving slowly enough to stabilise their flight, then adjusting their spacing relative to one another.  as one, then, they detonated at a height of three kilometres, spreading their forbidding content throughout the lower atmosphere.  tricia looked up in alarm at the sound, but hadn't seen anything.  at 26, she was not just one of the few percent of women under 50 still alive, she was a second generation survivor of beagle.  it took a couple of hours before the weird smell caught her attention, but she didn't tie the two events together.  life continued as it had, sex with a new partner every day, trying against the impossible odds to produce a third generation.  weeks passed before the weapon's impact was felt.  blissfully ignorant weeks of normality, such as it was, the human race slowly marching into extinction.  then tricia tested positive.  against all odds, she was pregnant.  she ran into the street to share the momentous news, just as linda across the street ran out, screaming that she was with child.  over the next hours, joy led to confusion, then fear.  every townswoman of childbearing age, down to even the small town's only twelve-year-old, was pregnant, without exception.  the story was the same, planet-wide, across all mammalian species.  every woman that could get pregnant, had become pregnant, simultaneously.  the pregnancy care sciences, much elevated due to their importance, could not explain it, and could only examine the evidence that the phenomena was indeed real.  it was tricia's neighbour linda who had led to the discovery of the weapon.  she had been a conscientious objector, refusing to attempt to breed, disgusted at the prospect.  who, exactly, had she become pregnant to?  the clinic tested linda's unborn child through genetic sequencing.  then they tested another, and another, and another.  the children were all clones of their mothers.  genetic remixes, their chromosomes swapping sides, but clones nonetheless, identical to their mothers.  the world almost ended for humanity when the new generation were born.  were it not for the conveniences of robotics and an abundance of resources, it would have.  the true horror had yet to sink in.  as soon as the first woman stopped breast feeding, she fell pregnant again.  immediately.  and again.  and again.  when the first girls to complete puberty began becoming pregnant, it was clear the future of humanity was, in the short term, secure.  men were asked to donate sperm to prevent their chromosomes from dying out, since beagle had a half-life of north of a century.  damage done, the formulation of the weapon was released, so that in time it could be undone.  this is the year 1132 after the fall of men.  beagle concentrations are low, but cancers are more common than ever due to the constant cloning.  it is finally time to undo the weapon and return men to the world.
t3_3nyzm0-t3_3nyzm0-cvtrbpw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7936	more of precauction than anything to have surgery. that is very small and should not require a major removal. i'm glad they found it because that would be hard to find even if you knew it was there. things like this happen a lot my wife has a cyst that has done nothing but sit there for the last 2 years. hopefully she gets stable enough on chemo they can remove it but it's not on her top 10 list to do it. she has better odds it's nothing than it is cancer and if it turns out it is cancer she found it very early. please have her look into genetic testing for brca 1 and brca 2. it's a simple test that is common in breast and ovarian cancers. if she has it make sure she does everything she can to minimze her chances of getting cancer.(remove ovaries and uterus) it may sound extreme right now but it literally could save her life. trust me you don't want to walk down the road i am on with my wife. do everything you can now so it doesn't turn into anything more. i wish someone would have told me this when my wife first got breast cancer. best of luck to you and your sister and please update.
t3_1ecyir-t3_1ecyir-ca0dy6p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one thing those in training who say 'just look it up' are discounting the time it would take a busy practitioner to look many things up during the day, and in reality during many patient conversations you can't stop and pause and say, "that's a good question. hold on a second. let me ask dr. google here..." sometimes, if it's outside your field of specialty, sure. but, as a radiation oncologist, if a breast cancer patient asks me what specific benefit adjuvant radiation will have after lumpectomy for early invasive breast cancer, i had damn well better know the data (decrease local recurrence from ~30% to ~8%). "what are the chances you can cure this stage iva oropharyngeal cancer?" or, when treatment planning, i need to know that you treat to 45 gy + a 5.4 gy boost preoperatively for rectal cancer. etc.         no matter what field of medicine you enter, the sheer amount of information you must need at your fingertips is going to be fairly daunting. medical school is kind of like a training ground, where you learn sheer volumes of useless shit not because it's going to be useful, but because you have to figure out for yourself both what you are interested in and how you best learn and retain information. the process itself is important.           you won't learn what you need to know for your career until residency...and, in reality, i learned as much in my first year of private practice than i did in all four years of residency. nothing like the real thing.
t3_3i2byq-t3_3i2byq-cud1qia	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sooooo if i have breast cancer and have to have an operation or die,  you'd leave?  yeah. .. if that's the main reason to even be attracted to someone,  that's low.  yes,  appearance is important,  but when i grow old with my so i know he will slowly deteriorate.  no i will not stop loving him, because i appreciate him, not solely looks or body parts.  ugh.
t3_361t54-t1_cr9xsbc-cradh41	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, honey! this is sucky. i love having you here, you really help me through things on some really bad days.   if things are hard (i have chronic depression, had breast cancer @ 33, fibromyalgia, type 2 diabetes and blah blah blah), and i think of you, i manage to achieve a little extra each day. you know, things like actually getting the washing from the machine to the line/dryer without rewashing 3 or 4 times... or even cooking dinner for my girls - something that is healthy, nutritious and fun to eat.   hey, would eating coloured foods that seem "wrong" help? like purple carrots? or that cauliflower/broccoli thing that is bright, lime green? or those yellow tomatoes? or yellow beans? like would you be able to go the mental thought process that yeah it's food, but that it's magic/not real food and therefore it's okay? i don't mean to trigger/trivialise what you go through, it's a genuine curiosity if it's okay to ask?   having watched several go through this very real and life threatening struggle, my heart hurts for your pain and bravery in facing off against it.   i know you can do this, you are gonna make it. be kind to yourself &lt;3
t3_3yjafz-t1_cyek3og-cyelj35	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; unrelated but i had a friend lie about having breast cancer for months. the things people will do to gain sympathy and get the heat off their backs.  had a "friend" do the same thing. we are not friends anymore. she actually lied about tons of stuff....everything from having a peanut allergy to her family life.
t3_17o1k1-t3_17o1k1-c87kcid	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6655	my mom is s big tcm follower. i am a non believer because of the many bullshit as others have mentioned to make a buck. also some preposterous ideas about eating whatever animal parts will enhance your own body part.  aside from all of these ideas, it seems like these people have too much pride/face to admit some of their so called remedies are wrong.  however the positive experience i have seen is my grandmother's breast cancer developments had been controlled. she is still here after having it 10yrs ago with no chemo and purely consuming prescribed meds and applying some brown goupy concoction.
t3_443d31-t3_443d31-czndjrc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7465	sorry about that mate, my wife has just finished a 6 month round of chemo for breast cancer and now we have to move 1000km away for 5 weeks to get radiation therapy, it's a shitty disease and a shitty treatment plan and its tough to watch a loved one deal with it. stay strong mate, be her rock.
t3_1yz2xp-t3_1yz2xp-cfp4vzz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have breast cancer and am currently getting radiation therapy. i know exactly which breast has the cancer; the radiologist knows and the radiation therapist knows! in preparation for beginning radiation therapy i had a ct scan, i was then marked with three very small tattoos for use to direct the radiation. a mould was made of my upper body to create a cradle for comfort as my arm must be above my head and my body must lay at an uncomfortable angle for durations of up to fifteen minutes.
t3_4xo2za-t3_4xo2za-d6hf0x2	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my doctor told me that i had a large tumor on my ovary and that it wasn't likely that it could be treated successfully.    i was calm, and immediately thought of how i could tell my kids, and what i could do with the time i had left to be sure that they would be ok when i died.  after emergency surgery we discovered that the tumor was benign.  gee, thanks doc!  however, a year and a half later, i was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer.  after the shock from the previous adventure, i was amazingly calm and unafraid.  i went through 8 months of chemo, a double mastectomy, and 6 weeks of radiation therapy.  i'm thankful that the cancer is gone (for now), and i'm also grateful for the fact that i have more time to set something up for my kids.  i went back to school full-time before my hair even came back.  i am now working toward two degrees in digital design &amp; digital gaming and media, with a graduation date of spring 2019, and i was just hired to work in the lab at school.  life is good!
t3_10wqw5-t3_10wqw5-c6hj43n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree. awareness doesn't really help anything. if i had breast cancer, i wouldn't give a shit if people were wearing pink to "support" me. i'd just care about not dying. i also hate how breast cancer goes so hand in hand with feminism. it's not like men can't get it too.
t3_1di448-t3_1di448-c9qitgu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8806	no joke, i prayed about it for years because i had no idea what i wanted to do. god told me nursing, i got three different people that told me god told them to tell me to listen to him and be a nurse-no one knew at the time i was really thinking about it. then as i was taking pre-req's my neighbor had multiple pulmonary embolisms and i skipped an a&amp;p exam to be with her, clean her up and call an ambulance and stayed with her in the er realizing i wanted to do it. then right after i put in my application-to only one school, my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer and i had to be her sole caretaker through it all. i got accepted immediately. it was so natural for me to fall into the role, never failed out despite having a horrible transcript before prereqs and nursing school. i was made for it. hope it helps....in some way religious or not :)
t3_k2aly-t3_k2aly-c2h1qe3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with breast cancer in january of 2010. luckily i found it early and it had not spread to the lymph nodes, so i was able to treat it with only surgery and radiation. my sister had gone through the same thing a decade before but hers did require a course of intense chemo. we are both doing fantastic and (aside from surgical scars) have had no long term effects.   just keep telling her (and yourself!) that this will end and things will get better and back to normal. breast cancer is far from being the death sentence it once was and treatment is tough, but not forever. learn everything you can about the disease and her particular treatment plan. don't let her try to do too much - she needs to let her body do it's job and heal itself from the assault of the chemotherapy. plan something fun to do when she finishes treatment so she has something to look forward to: when my sister finished hers, my whole family went to disneyworld to celebrate and she had a fantastic time, bald head and all!  sending healing vibes for a smooth treatment and quick recovery!
t3_2v0lrv-t3_2v0lrv-codof4u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5868	she moved into the house next door &amp; came over to introduce herself because our landlord kept insisting we meet since we were always home alone due to our husbands working outta town. we hit it off immediately but as she was leaving i received a dreaded phone call from my doctor telling me i had cancer &amp; she became my shoulder to cry on instantly &amp; we've been best friends ever since. 4 yrs from the date that i was diagnosed w myxoidliposarcoma she was diagnosed w breast cancer so now she has my shoulder to cry on while i help her thru this battle.
t3_1x6aum-t3_1x6aum-cf8mn38	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6632	hello and thanks for doing this.  i have been trying to come to grips with the recent suicide of my mother in november (she was 67). she was undergoing treatment for stage 4 breast cancer and dealing with my dad's stage 4 prostate cancer as well. add to that an increasingly obvious lack of short-term memory, and it became too overwhelming to her.   anyways, right before her death, we finally got her in to see a professional who interviewed her and got her an mri to see if there was anything awry. after her death, the doctor said that there was nothing abnormal in the scan and he had no idea what was wrong. her brain had shrunk a little, but said that was a normal part of the aging process. i'm confused, because it was pretty obvious over several years that she was getting worse and worse. in the beginning, she would forget simple but insignificant things. at the end, she literally would forget major things and whole conversations that had happened just hours prior. just in case it matters, she was a lifelong smoker (light) with no other major health issues or family history of dementia. the memory issues began before her cancer treatments.  i guess my questions would be (1) what if anything can i suspect to be the cause of what happened to her and (2) would there be anything i'd need to worry about and/or pay attention to for my own brain and memory? i saw firsthand what it did to her, and it scares me to think of it happening to me.
t3_x27f5-t3_x27f5-c5j0c6h	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've had chemo off and on for 15 years while dealing with a stage iv inflammatory breast cancer diagnosis. i've have had all the biggies like adriamycin, fluorfloracil, cytoxin, carboplatin, taxol, taxotere, navelbine and gemzar. like your friend, i had distant metastases at diagnosis. but mine were in the brain, bone, skin, pleural cavity and lymph system.  i have what is called triple negative cancer, meaning my tumors are estrogen receptor negative, progesterone receptor negative and her2/neu negative, so the hormone receptor drugs like femara, arimadex and tamoxifen don't work and i have no experience with those.  chemo has never been a big deal for me. i've had extremely high dosages and had two bone marrow transplant/stem cell rescues. i've never had any issues with chemo.  your friend may have surgery first to remove the primary tumor, but with distant mets, chemo might be a more likely first step.  if chemo is first, your friend will have a port installed. it is a stainless steel disk with a silicone cap that is inserted under the skin in the chest or arm that has a catheter. (think of a small bottle cap with a silicone disk covering the open side. then through the side of the bottle cap is a tube or catheter.) the catheter is threaded through the brachial artery in the arm and dropped into the superior vena cava, which has a massive volume of blood. if the chest, then through the jugular or subclavian vein and then again dropped into the superior vena cava.   the purpose of the port is multi-fold. a cancer patient has weekly blood tests and chemo that occurs as often as weekly, though your friend's will likely be every three weeks. the veins are just not made to be punctured that often. your friend will become very bruised without the port. and a second, but extremely important reason, is that some of the chemo drugs are caustic. if the drugs were to infiltrate into the skin, like if the vein were punctured, your friend could be dealing with chemo, which is very caustic, destroying the tissue. once the port insertion site heals, there won't be any restrictions on showering, etc.  because my cancer diagnosis was a long series of 'oh, shit's', my first round of chemo was administered in my wrist. it still reflects a depression and scar. all of my subsequent draws and injections have all occurred in the port, though a picc line was installed for each bmt/scr.    as for the chemo itself, it broadly aims at quickly dividing cells. unfortunately it makes no delineation between cancer cells and other quickly dividing cells like mucus cells in the mouth and the lining of the digestive track or your hair. the chemo just kills all the quickly dividing cells.  to countermand the body's metabolization of the chemo, i drank a tremendous amount of water (a liter an hour) while the chemo was administered. i wanted the chemo flushed from the liver and kidneys as fast as possible.   during chemo, i didn't experience any nausea or vomiting, though i did lose the hair on my head and eyelashes and my eyebrows thinned. i didn't lose the hair under my arms, legs or pubic hair. who knows why, but since i hate stubble, chemo didn't not relieve me from a daily leg shave. i ran, exercised, worked, volunteered and did all the normal life things. i ran a half-marathon two weeks after my first bmt/scr. chemo didn't affect me in the slightest.  radiation kicked my ass.  my first radiation was twice daily for six weeks. i had the first appointment of the day and the last. the skin was destroyed by week three and we had to take a short break. we powered through to the end and then i had to go see a plastic surgeon for wound care. it has never healed completely and 15 years later it will break open about every 6 weeks. fun times.  i was exhausted. so tired that even with a shit ton of sleep, there were days i was falling asleep driving to my appointments. i wasn't sick. i didn't have issues with food or eating, i was just exhausted.  your friend may or may not have surgery, but with the distant mets, that may be put on the back burner until after the chemo.  hth
t3_1em86z-t1_ca1q18r-ca1xv3c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7449	ruminating and seeking reassurance are also compulsions. because our ocd is invisible, it's often overlooked. looking back, my ocd started to get really bad around the age of 12. i thought i had breast cancer and obsessed about that for 2 years. 2 years. but because i wasn't doing anything obvious, nobody noticed. i had no idea that i was different from anybody else. i am 30 now.   i suffered silently for 18 years.
t3_2hkryo-t1_cktlsft-cktmb2u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh awesome! that's one thing i really want, i got some weird health results from 23andme but they stopped offering those after something about the fda not allowing them to do it. apparently i have a much higher risk of breast cancer than average and that is a worrisome to me, but i'm not sure how to interpret that result or what i should bring up to my doctor.
t3_xhf4z-t1_c5mwv1h-c5mxrfo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	also if you have any breast cancer or ovarian cancer history in your family you might want to go the brca 1/2 gene mutation testing route. someone i know had the test come back inconclusive and he was able to get a mastectomy. i am considering getting tested myself, because i have breast cancer in my family and i'm of a descent where the gene mutation is more likely.
t3_3umv5a-t1_cxg5ug4-cxg6s9b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't think this is a person. i'm leaning more towards a hog or deer, the arrow shaft is metallic, and the arrowhead itself much more modernized.   as a hunter myself i've seen plenty of odd stuff, bullets lodged in deer/hog shoulders with the obvious hide scarring and muscle healing. steel bb's in larger birds breast that were taken with 22lr. ball bearings (slingshot) in squirrel or rabbit. i've also taken a deer with the broad head still wedged in the shoulder. nothing this deep, and the arrowhead when removed wasn't near this good of condition. the bone around it though was indeed calcifying, the meat around it appeared to be in constant trauma as it was much darker than normal and had lots of clotting. it was even super hard to the touch like a tumor which is what brought the area to my attention when cleaning.   this pic might be fake. but it's definitely plausible.
t3_4uia7e-t3_4uia7e-d60m08m	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow. i am going through the same thing. my mom was diagnosed last week, immediately had surgery to remove the tumor from her breast and got a port put it. we meet with the oncologist tomorrow to go through her pathology results and discuss treatment. i am trying to quarterback for my family and make sure she has everything she needs on top of asking all the right questions.  i will keep your mom in my thoughts as i pray for my own. keep your head up and stay positive. i started playing reggae around the house and it generally lifts spirits tenfold.
t3_3l9iel-t1_cv4nrta-cv53yb0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as a radiologic technologist, i disagree. breast compression is needed for optimal detection:  1. it reduces motion, improving the image quality of the mammogram.  2. it reduces the tissue thickness, which reduces the amount of radiation needed to create the image.  3. by reducing the amount of radiation needed for the image, the mammogram has higher contrast (due to less scatter and noise created by xrays that bounce off fat and tissue).   these are all crucial to creating the best diagnostic images so that ruling out cancer or spotting small lesions is more accurate.  as i have told people, compression hurts but breast cancer hurts way more.
t3_3ibbjd-t3_3ibbjd-cufgp6f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm sorry this happened to you.  i wonder if a few pieces of my own perspective may help you.  apologies for not writing a really coherent piece, but i wanted to contribute.  if anything here irks you please feel free to ignore it, it is not my intention to cause you more distress.    i have never been religious.  my mother died of breast cancer aged 56, when i was 25 (i'm 39 now).  after she died i got interested in spiritual/new age stuff.  i am not going to try and tell anyone it is true or not, but it has helped me develop into a person i am pleased to be, so in my experience it is a useful practice, as long as you are wary about not blindly following what other people are telling you.    i do believe now that diseases *can* arise from emotional or ancestral karmic causes.  (i am not asking you to agree i am just illustrating that i hold equivalent beliefs to these people).  because of this there was a period when i felt quite angry towards my mother for 'creating' this illness in her.  this is the equivalent stage to the preachy stage your 'friends' are at.  it is tempting to be sanctimonious and think you know better what is wrong with people and how they must fix it.  but self-reflection will tell you that that behaviour is not compassionate.  to move beyond this stage we have to address our own ego and our own faults and let go of judgements (judge not and ye will not be judged).  we have to move beyond the black/white duality of human existence and open our hearts to something higher.  it sounds like your 'friends' have not got there yet because religion is their security blanket, their reassurance that they are already 'okay' and their hindrance to truly opening their hearts to compassion.  religion controls access to this 'something higher' by making people believe you can get to it via the church, rather than via your own heart.      from what you have said, they are on the whole fairly decent people, so it seems more reasonable to conclude that they *believed* they were acting from a 'good' place, rather than saying something purposefully to hurt your mother.       no you do not have to forgive them, you do not have to do anything, but i urge you to find some form of resolution of this for your own sake.  as you have found, stuffing emotions down inside does not make them go away, they fester and eat away at you and yes i suspect they can make you ill.  the anger is still stressing you out.  stress makes you ill.  it is not good to hold on to these things (i say this as someone who has always held on to anger for fear of exploding in front of someone and upsetting them or not being able to speak through crying).  we have to find a way through this.         most importantly and please even if you do not do anything else, please find a way to forgive yourself.  it is so much harder to forgive yourself than it is to forgive others.  there is a part of you angry at yourself because you didn't speak out and defend your mother.  your mother would not want you to be feeling this way about yourself.  she didn't even want you to see her crying.  she would have felt awful about that because of how much she loves you.  take time to forgive yourself, and forgive your mother if there is something there to release.      as for these people, it is up to you, but i feel from what you have written that just forgiving them (or not) in your head may not be enough?  do they even know that they hurt your mother (and you?) have they had the opportunity to respond?  you could perhaps write to them.  or i would suggest if you can get to a place where you can say what you need to say without feeling too vulnerable and emotional, you can simply state to them - that time when you said that thing to my mother - she went to the bathroom and cried because she thought you were blaming her for her illness.  their reaction will tell you all you need to know.  if they do not break down and apologise, instead coming out with some santimonious crap, you simply say to them "i'm sorry jesus has not yet found his way into your heart" and leave it.  release any emotional attachments to them, do not pity them, do not hate them, simply realise that their views and beliefs are irrelevant to you.  because someone with jesus in their heart will always act with compassion.  show yourself compassion and i believe you will find your way forward.  lots of love xxx    eta: in case it is not clear above, i do not believe it is anyone's 'fault' that they get ill.  the explanation from a spiritual perspective would be that it is something negotiated within a soul contract before the soul incarnates, in order to test itself or learn lessons on the material plane.  it is not something that can be easily understood or attributed to human motives.  that side of things is far removed from the real human emotions experienced during illness.  when someone says it is someone's fault because x,y,z it would seem like they have lost both their humanity and their genuine spiritual path.
t3_2xbav5-t1_coyox2x-coyqk3w	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5835	1)this is for my mother, myself(22), her boyfriend, and my grandmother. she is already under the obamacare coverage, but at the time that she signed up, she was unable to qualify for the medicare coverage which would have been free.   to give a little bit more context, she discovered she had breast cancer and due to treatment had to be out of work for the past 8 months. she has returned to the job market but as you know already, doesn't make much.  2)the car insurance covers one car and her and myself on the plan. as mentioned in other suggestions, we are going to talk to the agency and see if there is anything they can do.  3)i don't think she will want to do food stamps, but this is definitely an option. i will bring it up with her, great suggestion.  4)my grandmother considers our cable/internet plan a necessity, and since she is the one paying it, we cant argue too much and it is the cheapest one that is offered here. our phone plan covers 3 lines for about $80, which i pay for. we are speaking with my grandmother to ask for more help with the other bills, but we would like to borrow as little money as possible.  all great suggestions thank you.
t3_1wpkuw-t3_1wpkuw-cgipt5f	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6749	http://berniesiegelmd.com/products-page/holistic-healing/fight-for-your-life/  my mom was diagnosed in january, single mastectomy and removal of 10 lymph nodes in february. she had her 2nd of 6 chemo treatments today. it is nice to have a friend at the treatments. i encourage you to go with her if she would like that. the link above is for a book and author, many of my mom's friends recommended and she loves them! i also bought her an electric throw in her favorite color. google sunbeam heated throw. it's the expensive one and she has raved about how comforting it is. she gets very cold and this blanket is easy to bring to treatments or curl up on the couch with. blessings to you and yours!
t3_1ohpvr-t1_ccs3298-ccs38ke	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a feeling that the breast cancer awareness in the nfl right now is less about making sure people know about the dangers of breast cancer and more about marketing the nfl to women.
t3_2uc8en-t3_2uc8en-co7j9s2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes: i am a 179cm tall, very slim female; quite attractive from what i've been told and led to believe (ex quite successful model); look very young for my age, as do the rest of my family (which *can* be a con in some circumstances but mostly a pro and it has dramatically improved since i cut my hair); aryan features (haha); quite intelligent.  no: migraines (on both sides of my family; improved thanks to topirimate and botox injections); i was born prem (12 weeks) but thanks to the steroids my mum's body was producing my lungs were actually in pretty good shape; skin cancer on mum's side and i have her skin type (fair); breast cancer on both sides; cardiac issues on both sides as soon as obesity enters the picture (reason to stay fit!).
t3_17jf2f-t3_17jf2f-c861an1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7533	i'm struggling with this.  my mom died of breast cancer at a young age, and my doctor often asks me if i want to pursue genetic counseling.  i just have no idea how i would handle finding out i had the breast cancer gene, as i'm already prone to severe depression.  once i know, i can't un-know.
t3_1h9pc6-t1_casbq7c-casc4ml	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6614	they plastic surgeon actually offered, but my mom didn't want it because she considered it an unnecessary additional surgery. every surgery comes with risks, so she thought it was just increasing her risk. the only reason she even did the reconstruction was because she realized how difficult it would be to find clothes, hah. the cancer was localized and pretty small, so she could have had a lumpectomy and radiation, but chose a mastectomy because she considered it the safest route.
t3_aymx7-t3_aymx7-c0k343d	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	as a survivor of a rare cancer with multiple recurrences, live and let live. each person deals with their own mortality in their own way.  i had just turned 31 when i was diagnosed with the rare breast cancer, inflammatory breast cancer. i was told i'd be dead in 6 months without treatment, 18 with.  12+ years later i'm still here.   each person getting a cancer diagnosis deals with the news and the ramifications differently. i am a meat and potatoes girl. i don't do sushi, macrobiotic,vegetarian or vegan. i do take my vitamins, but that's because i work full-time and go to school full-time for a couple of engineering degrees. i'm not a believer in alternative methods.   i had multiple people telling to drink essiac tea, take these vitamins, pray here, meditate, do these exercises, take this treatment, do this, think that. i listened to everyone, but after about three weeks, told everyone enough. there wasn't a set method of treating my cancer so i know people were only trying to help, but i needed to believe in my own treatment.  and that is absolutely the bottom line. the treatments you receive for your disease are something you need to believe in. i am the rare survivor of my type of cancer. but i decided every step of my treatment, mainly because the doctors didn't come up with one on their own.  i am absolutely certain, without a doubt, that people who are active participants in their health care decisions, have a better outcome. i don't mean everybody survives, but being a part of the decision-making process prevents you from feeling like a hapless victim.  that is why i find susan sommers' need to evangelize her macrobiotic, no chemo treatment so offensive. by all means i am very happy she survived, but her methods would not have worked for me because i don't believe in them. i like western medicine and am most comfortable with it. it's not for everyone. but chastising someone for their treatment choices is beyond disgusting.  i don't think this website is doing that. i think she is sharing her choices, but i don't feel bad if that i didn't choose them.
t3_3h9ias-t3_3h9ias-cu5fq87	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* brain to gut size – if someone have nature subscription search for﻿ "energetics and the evolution of human brain size. it is a paper that refutes expensive tissue hypothesis.  *  * 13 nutrition basics – http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/1omwwi/13_nutrition_lies_that_made_the_world_sick_and_fat/  *  * adderall: (dangers) http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2d7tgz/american_psychological_association_regular/cjn5xb4  *  * alergies: * peanut allergy caused by antibiotics cured: http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2emifh/scientists_may_have_discovered_how_to_stop_your/  *  * anesthesia: * loepke and his research colleagues have published previous studies showing widespread cell death, permanent deletion of neurons and neurocognitive impairment in laboratory rats and mice after exposure to general anesthesia: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/392qvq/children_who_received_general_anesthesia_for/cs02rqf  *  * antibiotics: * giving feed animals antibiotics that aren't used in humans is worse, not better. it leads to greater range of antibiotic resistance in humans: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/34hvjf/top_us_chicken_supplier_tyson_to_stop_using/cqv8bt8 *  * antioxidants:  * not enough data to prove that antioxidants provide any health benefits and in some cases have been shown to increase mortality: https://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/37l4qu/psa_the_title_nutritionist_is_not_subject_to/crnrx71  *  * autism 74-98% genetic: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/2xz8w7/autism_is_largely_down_to_genes_twin_study/  *  * baking soda uses: http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2015/02/02/11-health-benefits-baking-soda.aspx  *  * body sizes of various athletes: http://imgur.com/a/cottf/layout/blog  *  * bottled water is wasteful: http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/2antyi/nestle_sells_water_taken_from_drought_stricken/cix51ag  *  * bpa-free plastic is just as toxic: http://www.scientificamerican.com/article/bpa-free-plastic-containers-may-be-just-as-hazardous/  *  * brain: * stress &amp; depression shrink the brain: http://news.yale.edu/2012/08/12/yale-team-discovers-how-stress-and-depression-can-shrink-brain – http://www.symptomfind.com/health/effects-of-stress-on-the-brain/  *  * breast feeding:  * breastfeeding for longer leads to smarter adults: http://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/291017.php  * babies who are breast-fed are better protected against pollution: http://time.com/3895428/babies-breastfed-pollution-protection/ *  *  * caffeine: * slows brain development in pubescent rodents – http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1n10tq/caffeine_consumption_slows_down_brain_development/ * good for liver: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2jw5ml/coffee_may_protect_the_liver_drinking_coffee_even/ * ~3 cups per day causes 27% less dna damage: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2vvt1q/regular_coffee_consumption_contributes_to_dna/  *  *  * calcium supplements did not protect against fractures of the hip or other bones. moreover, there was some suggestion that calcium supplements taken without vitamin d might even increase the risk of hip fractures: http://www.hsph.harvard.edu/nutritionsource/calcium-full-story/ *  *  * calorie is just a calorie, or not – http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/25demi/the_effects_of_consuming_a_high_protein_diet_44/  * nih study finds cutting dietary fat reduces body fat more than cutting carbs: http://www.nih.gov/news/health/aug2015/niddk-13.htm * rodents raised in a sterile environment and lacking in gut flora need to eat 30% more calories just to remain the same weight as their normal counterparts: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gut_flora  *  *  * cancer – air pollution may be leading cause http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1opz6a/air_pollution_may_be_leading_cause_of_cancer/ –  * most types of cancer not due to "bad luck": http://www.iarc.fr/en/media-centre/pr/2015/pdfs/pr231_e.pdf *  *  * cashew nuts kill gram positive, tooth decay causing bacteria – http://worldental.org/gums/eliminate-tooth-abscess-with-cashew-nuts/46/ *  * cellphones: * sperm fertility – http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/282am0/cellphone_exposure_may_harm_male_fertility/  *  * diet soda: * effect on gut bacteria: http://www.npr.org/blogs/thesalt/2014/09/17/349270927/diet-soda-may-alter-our-gut-microbes-and-the-risk-of-diabetes – http://www.prevention.com/health/diabetes/artificial-sweeteners-diet-soda-affect-gut-bacteria-and-weight-gain  *  * drugs: * cocaine: cocaine use causes ‘profound changes’ in the brain that leads to an increased risk of relapse due to stress: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/349i0w/cocaine_use_causes_profound_changes_in_the_brain/cqsnjdt *  * marijuana: * heavy marijuana use causes poor memory and abnormal brain structure – http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1t19jf/heavy_marijuana_use_causes_poor_memory_and/ce3kwgu  –  * parental thc exposure leads to compulsive heroin-seeking and altered striatal synaptic plasticity in the subsequent generation – http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/24385132   * cannabis during pregnancy endangers fetal brain development – http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/1wgdoz/  * marijuana use is damaging for developing brains – http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/21f2r0/potsmoking_students_do_better_at_school_than/cgchb8a   * the current evidence definitely points toward marijuana causing psychosis in a vulnerable portion of the population that otherwise would not have experienced it: http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2424288/  * any dose of alcohol combined with cannabis significantly increases levels of thc in blood: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/37h0a1/any_dose_of_alcohol_combined_with_cannabis/ * smoking pot interferes with math skills, study finds: http://one.npr.org/&amp;utm_source=npronewinback&amp;utm_medium=email&amp;utm_content=20150611&amp;utm_campaign=winback&amp;utm_term=?sharedmediaid=413069509:413069510  * synthetic marijuana hospitalizations: http://one.npr.org/?sharedmediaid=421826423:421826424  *  *  *  * extascy/mdma:  * serotonin syndrome: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl42tu  * how to minimize neurotoxicity: https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl51om – https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl48wb  – https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/3795r5/ecstasy_may_soon_be_a_treatment_for_social/crl1zcc  *  *  * e-cigs: * vapors induce toxicity, oxidative stress, and inflammation: https://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/30d8ag/vapors_produced_by_ecigarettes_induce_toxicity/  * e-cigarette vapor—even when nicotine-free—found to damage lung cells: http://www.the-aps.org/mm/hp/audiences/public-press/2015/25.html * nicotine is not significantly addictive by itself. it takes the presence of an maoi within tobacco to really encourage high nicotine consumption: https://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/37bta1/ecigarette_vaporeven_when_nicotinefreefound_to/crleltb *  *  *  * effects of semen on lifespan – http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/1mdxqk/iama_man_who_bottles_jizz_for_a_millionaire_pics/cc8c614 *  * eggs – http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp8z25 – http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp5fs3 – (harmful for diabetics) http://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/1o5imm/til_eggs_elevated_cholesterol_is_not_harmful_to/ccp3y56 –  *  * electromagnetic radiation is harmful (controversial): http://www.reddit.com/r/science/comments/2aul2e/science_ama_series_im_paul_h%c3%a9roux_a_professor_of/  *  * exercize can't negate a bad diet – http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/21ev12/wsj_why_runners_cant_eat_whatever_they_want/  *  * fish oil: * prostate cancer http://examine.com/blog/fish-oil-and-your-prostate/ – pros http://www.reddit.com/r/fitness/comments/1o59c0/the_5_heart_healthy_reasons_drug_companies_are/  * benefits: http://examine.com/supplements/fish+oil#clinical_results *  *  * flu vaccine 59% effective – http://www.reddit.com/r/health/comments/1oh84d/i_got_a_flu_shot_today_at_rite_aid_a_pharmacist/ccrz3mm  *  *
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jifyw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	stay strong and don't give up. my mother was diagnosed with stage iv breast cancer about 4 years ago. she's still here and fighting it. don't ever give up.
t3_3pp9gr-t3_3pp9gr-cw88kso	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	running of the gnomes is back for it’s 6th year! the “small” run will be held again october 24th, 2015 at 8pm est on scarlet crusade-us.  8pm is race start time, so show up early, get a guild invite to help us headcount gnomes, get one of our super cute tabards, and meet all your fellow gnomies! be sure to bring your s.e.l.f.i.e camera!  **what is this? gnomes? what is going on?**  running of the gnomes will benefit the cleveland clinic and the creators of the touhy vaccine that is currently in the early stages of human clinical trials. if the drug is successful, it could be the end of breast cancer.   back in 2009, skakavaz and i came up with the idea to turn seed’s tabards pink for the month of october. it was a huge hit with our guild, and at the time, several other guilds on our server were doing similar things.   in 2010 we decided to put together a fun “little” run, with some friends and guildies where we would run from the gnome/dwarven starting area to the end, and play some games and then have a party at the end, and raise some money for charity. we expected at most 40-50 gnomes. 140 showed up!!  why gnomes? the whole idea was to raise money for breast cancer, and gnomes were one of the few races with pink hair making it easy for everyone to rock the pink look on a low level character, and the idea of small change and a small gnomes doing big things was appealing.  every year, we turn our tabards pink, people roll new little gnomes, in 2013 we had about 1,000 gnomes show up, and raised $1,305.00! in 2014 over 1,300 gnomes came briefly causing the server to crash while we were creating the heart and surpassing our $1,500 goal.   our goal this year yet again is $1,750 and we hope to meet or beat it!  **why breast cancer? there’s so many charities that do this.**  october is breast cancer awareness month. we get that we’re sugar coating something that can be devastating for people with cute gnomes to open up a conversation, but for a good reason: everyone’s been affected by cancer of some form. and breast cancer can affect our moms, sisters, girlfriends, teachers, best friends, coworkers, guildies, and something that we point out yearly, effects even the men in our lives.  one of the worst parts is that all around us there are so many people playing the game who are young who don’t even think about checking themselves, right age to be going to go get their regular mammograms and are putting them off for whatever reason. we feel even if the pink tabards or all these gnomes remind even just one person to check themselves to get a mammogram or encourage that family member to go in to the doctor who’s been putting it off we’ve done our job for the year. even if it’s just one person, that’s enough.  basically it’s really hard to miss around 1,300 gnomes doing anything, let alone 1,300 gnomes with the same colored hair stampeding through half a continent. hopefully we do start discussions!  but over the years, we’ve discovered that so many family members of many of the wow community have been affected by cancer of many forms. there are people who come to the run for fathers, uncles, brothers, aunts, mothers, friends. the run is a symbol of love for those who are survivors, or those who lost a loved one.  if one person per year makes a doctor’s appointment and lives a much longer, healthier life because of all the people who show up out of love, then the run’s purpose is fulfilled.   but, just in case people miss the conversations,we’re also raising money along the way, and encouraging members of the community to open up discussion about getting screening to prevent and catch all forms of cancer.  **what do i have to do to participate?**  easy! roll a gnome on scarlet crusade, give it pink hair, give it a cheeky name or a name that means something to you (we love tasteful jokes, but please nothing vulgar.) or any name at all, and on the day of the event, tatayana and friends will give you an invite to one of our two “racing guilds” (gnomies are too low to participate in raids, so this is our work around to getting a head count.) show up early, and we’ll give you tabards, and people hanging out from various other servers.  yet again we’ll be racing to booby, er, booty bay, and if we can, this year, our goal yet again is a heart! the first year wasn’t so bad, last year was super hard, and i’m hoping this year we can fill the entire top of the roof with our heart!!  we look forward to seeing familiar faces, people from last year and the year before (did you know you can tell how long racers have been racing by their ranks in the guild?) and new people this year, to raise awareness, and to join us for this fun event! bring your friends, bring your guild, bring your whole server!!  **what's this about an after party?**  every year once the run is done, we release the gnomes take a trip across the ocean attempt to give a lick to whoever is sitting on the throne in orgrimmar! it’s a bit of a challenge, and results in a few visits to the spirit healer, but it’s an exciting and silly challenge at the end  **what’s this about small change?**  we asked guild members and other participants to donate based upon the number of gnomes who showed up, in small change amounts. for example, people would pledge that for every gnome that attended they would donate a penny, nickle, or dime. some people now donate a strict fund, but some people still donate this way, and it’s fun to see just how many gnomes we have! a few hours after the run, i’ll let you know how many gnomes and escorts ran with us, and post it online. you can see the breakdown of the small change pledge on our blogs!  you don’t have to donate if you participate, but you’re free to donate if you’d like! the charity of choice this year is yet again the touhy vaccine which has made progress since last year and is starting human clinical trials.   **where can i donate?**  we have a fundraising page with the cleveland clinic. we’ve found them to be top notch to use every year! if you have any questions, feel free to let us, or them know!  http://giving.ccf.org/goto/gnomerun2015  **/gnomerun and chat channels.**  is our chat channel to connect all of our gnomies. during the run we will turn off guild chat for everyone but officers. this isn’t a punishment(sometimes people think it is!).   instead this is the best way to let everyone see important messages so everyone doesn’t get lost. /gnomerun is a place for everyone to chat the whole day and especially during the run! especially if a lot of people fall off the tram, or get eaten by wolves, and we need to pause somewhere.   we would like to discourage the act of using /y or /s to communicate with so many of us, as it will reduce the quality of your run, and cause lag or server stability issues. /gnomerun is the best choice, or whispering people of your choice. as soon as the run is over, we officers will turn back on guild chat, and you will be able to chat in both /g and /gnomerun to your heart’s content!
t3_45oln9-t3_45oln9-czzidcy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5826	so here is my view.  i lost my wife of 20 years to breast cancer a year ago.  we had a great life and three young kids who she loved beyond words.  my daughter and i were with her when she took her last breath after a day of horrific pain. had it been a matter of will she would still be here with us. the fact of the matter is that when cancer is in your liver and your brain and your lungs your will to live cannot change things.  enjoy the life you have and the time you have with those you love for as long as you can but it cheapens your loved one if you imply they "lost a battle" or "couldn't fight anymore".
t3_10rdtd-t1_c6fyyml-c6g3jyo	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandma has made me ultra wary of any and all hospitals. she was diagnosed at 40 with breast cancer, and she beat it. fast forward 30 years and we discover it has grown back, but in her hip. now, my grandma was the type of woman who still wore bikinis (and rocked them) and did swan dives from her diving board to impress her grand kids. we live in florida, and she lived in a particularly woodsy area, so had to be active to clean her house and shine her brass every day or mildew set in.   back to the story though, she went to the hospital complaining of severe hip pain, no appetite, and dizziness. they scanned her hip and found cancer, but stopped looking and just figured that was that. days later, when the doctor asked her what year it was she answered "new york city" and still they blamed her loopiness on her pain meds. she was vomiting and still not eating. a couple weeks later she died of cancer that had grown rapidly from a tiny speck in her brain and stomach. if a test had been done to rule out those possibilities, i may still have my grandma today. maybe not, as cancer is a horrible bitch and maybe it wasn't in her cards to beat it twice, but knowing that they didn't even give her the chance to fight because tests are expensive makes me fear hospitals. :/
t3_4llru7-t3_4llru7-d3p8d7m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	definitely make the appt.  during chemo for ovarian cancer, i felt a lump in my breast.  i hadn't been for a mammogram for a while.  i made myself crazy wondering if i had breast cancer too.  the relief i felt after going and getting it checked (just a cyst) was huge.  it's terrible what we do to ourselves!  but i know how hard it is, lying in the room, while the technician goes and checks with the radiologist.  they should put tvs in there or something so there's a distraction!  good luck with your appt.
t3_2ydqws-t3_2ydqws-cp8vb81	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	so, um, i just found out yesterday that my sister's breast cancer has metastasized and she's not expected to live more than five years.  i'm a little short on answers -- but neither am i trying to hijack your post into a personal pity-party.  long story short, everyone's in a sort of denial.  my sister has made her determination to fight her cancer plain.  her daughters just turned two years old.  mom didn't tell me about the situation until circumstances forced it, and then she kept going on about how my sister's going to be taking a new-ish drug that hasn't been in common use long enough to affect the 3-5yr average survival rate.  i don't know who she's trying to fool.  me?  my sister?  herself?  "we have to be hopeful", mom says, and i get that.  if it's hard on me, how must it be for my sister?  we must all support her, and never appear to have given up hope -- or, to put a point on it, we must never appear to have given up on the possibility of my sister beating this thing.  how would you feel about your own family giving you up for dead while you were still breathing?  that said, our dad, mom's first husband, died of throat cancer 15 years ago.  we've all kind of been here before.  we all know it.  we're all not talking about it.  we're all mourning in our own way, and we can't talk about our grief.  just... listen.  tell her that you're glad she shared her situation with you.  if you don't know what to say, tell her that.  i *personally* would not say "i can't imagine what you're going through" because that could make her feel more alone.  "i've never had to deal with something like this" might be better.  more importantly, if she starts to apologize for burdening you with her sadness, tell her "no -- it's okay."  my situation is no doubt different from your friend's.  also, i'm still in a bit of shock.  but maybe that's where your friend's at too.
t3_1py4xr-t1_cd7a4rh-cd7f213	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5048	just to corroborate this, i have a d5 breast cancer 400g series and it was very understable, but i am completely unsurprised that you are finding other d5's that are overstable; virtually every 400s d4 and d3 that i have ever thrown have flown like d1's.  i even bought a brand new d4 once that was more overstable than any d1 i've ever come across.  i started referring to it as a d0.
t3_1qkf61-t1_cde61k4-cde6vhe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7833	absolutely! i'm turning 50 in a few months and need to lose about 30 or so pounds (12 down so far).  but besides wanting to look "fit and fabulous" at 50, there are other reasons i, as an older woman, need to lose weight. primarily, i have a lot of breast cancer in my family including a first degree relative. being overweight increases the risk of [breast cancer](http://www.cancer.org/cancer/breastcancer/detailedguide/breast-cancer-risk-factors) and physical activity reduces the risk.  my sister is actually having a double mastectomy today because of breast cancer.  i don't want that to be me in a few years.
t3_414xan-t1_cyzpg3b-cyzqiay	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6742	yeah, that sucks. i had a friend whose mom had breast cancer which then spread to her brain. once that happens, it's basically over. cancer always has a reasonable risk of returning once it appears. she was around that age too.
t3_4yyg03-t1_d6t0tal-d6t3lfj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8147	my left arm where they removed seven cancerous lymph nodes when they did my single mastectomy. a huge lump, almost resembling the breast i lost, came up in my armpit about a year after finishing radiation. my onc thought it might be lymphedema, so he had it scanned to be sure. the scan showed it was tissue, not fluid buildup ... so they left it alone.   i really haven't had any problems with it until several months ago. now in addition to that appendage, my arm is 2 1/2 inches larger than my right and my armpit is hot, itchy, somewhat painful and has a rash. not attractive and not good left untreated. it can be deadly due to sepsis from raging infections and also cause a rare type of lymphatic cancer. but medicare doesn't have lymphedema classified under the same umbrella as long-term cancer care. it's called a "functional deficiency."  the cap for therapy per year is $1900 and only compression sleeves that use a pump are covered. patients have to jump through all sorts of hoops to even qualify that take months to complete, and 98% of applicants are denied coverage. congress has been trying for years to get this resolved, but medicare keeps pushing strongly against it due to cost because treatment for mine (since it's so advanced) would be lifelong and complex.
t3_mzgm9-t3_mzgm9-c357fe4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.762	my mom just, as in a couple months ago, had breast cancer surgery, and she is now on radiation treatments and doing very well! the cancer is gone and she is doing great. obviously it was extremely scary and upsetting when we first got the news, and while i know it's probably a different situation with you, it actually was not as bad as we had all anticipated. and my mom is 60+ years old, so i would imagine it's going to be a lot better for you being so young!   i wish i could offer more advice, but i know from my own medical experiences (have had surgery, etc.) the fear of it is usually greater than the reality. just stay positive and know that the people in the hospital will be doing absolutely everything they can to help!
t3_3lva1a-t1_cv9s4u6-cv9wkdp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	word of advice, i would not push back the chemo unless you're really sure about that. chemo tends to be more effective with smaller cancer masses, but once they get to a certain point they are not well connected to blood vessels (some cancer cells can make do without a steady oxygen supply!) and hence the chemo penetrates less. if you wait too long, any microscopic metasteses that might be present might have grown large enough to be resilient. you should probably do a chemo flush on the schedule your doctor is advising. i know it can be intimidating; someone close to me had breast cancer and underwent full chemo/radiation for it. it was definitely not fun (a lot of days of feeling like she had a bad flu, some pretty persistent nausea, etc), but on the other hand she did not smoke weed and was not interested in trying it. i'm fairly certain that her experience would have been much easier with the assistance of weed, whatwith it's dual pain-killing and nausea-relieving abilities, and the fact that it's just easier to ignore things outside your control when you're high. one thing to bear in mind when thinking about chemo, is that the popular idea of it is that it's always an excruciating experience, but this idea is largely based on it's early use. there has been a lot of development of better, more selective agents, as well as several dosing regimens being tweaked over years of observation to best optimize the efficacy-to-side-effect ratio.
t3_46xpq6-t3_46xpq6-d09284b	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer. it is not nothing.   after surgery, the labs came back that i had stage 0, but i still had 7 weeks of radiation. if it had been stage 1, i would have had both chemo and radiation.   people are under the misconception that early stage breast cancer is not a big deal. not true. spend some time on breastcancer.org message boards and see what people go through with this disease. by no means can i compare my experience to a person with a later stage diagnosis, but 7 weeks of daily radiation and years of follow up is no joke. try looking at your 7 and 4 year old sons and wonder how they are going to handle your chemo and please jesus let this be cured.  that said, you make your own choices about your nmom and your situation. i'm just saying that dismissing the nightmare that is any cancer diagnosis shows a terrible lack of empathy and is a red flag to me.
t3_4lkyjm-t1_d3o5twc-d3og3j9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6564	my thoughts are with you. modern medicine is amazing and i have a few long term breast cancer survivors in my family, so stay optimistic! good luck to her and your family as a whole.
t3_1c8uiq-t1_c9e9m0c-c9echi7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i hate komen, too, but breast cancer survival is more than getting titties cut off. i wish it was that easy. i was diagnosed at 34 with stage 4 breast cancer after being told for 5 months that i was too young. i lost my titty, and since my cancer is estrogen positive i lost my ovaries...they took my uterus as well because the medication i have to take causes uterine cancer. surgical menopause is horrible, and i am not allowed any estrogen replacement and can't take any herbal menopause stuff either because those also turn into estrogen in the body. i have lost the sexual relationship  with my husband...not because my tits are gone but because no estrogen equals seriously painful intercourse. i still have to take medications to block the cancer in the form of pills and iv and have spend thousands of dollars every year ...we barely keep out of bankruptcy and work three jobs. i am not a hero but don't you dare equate breast cancer treatment to just getting your titties cut off.
t3_fzt3a-t3_fzt3a-c1jwxzn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was little i didn't really know what puberty was, but that cancer had to do with tumorous bumps. i thought that when we got boobs it would just be mounds of fat...cue me being scared shitless for at least 6 months thinking i had breast cancer; i thought that the round, hurting bumps on my chest were tumors.
t3_1q2tv2-t3_1q2tv2-cd8zs9m	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow. first off, i am blown away by your bravery and openness while going through something not only medically scary but emotionally challenging as well. my grandmother is 99 years old and 6 years breast cancer free and just last month participated in the local race for a cure. she had a lumpectomy and radiation which at her age was much riskier but she stayed strong, brave and determined to keep fighting. to see you smile in every picture was truly inspiring. thank you for sharing and good luck.
t3_3mslbf-t1_cvi30um-cvi4nd8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not a doctor, so i may be wrong, but: i think that it would cause more harm than good to do a bunch of tests when they don't appear to be warranted. someone else mentioned false positives. for example, i've read that mammograms are getting more and more detailed every year as diagnostic imaging technology advances; however, many abnormal findings will never turn into breast cancer, but quite often aggressive treatment is performed early that turns out to be completely unnecessary.  another example is prostate cancer: many men with prostate cancer could live their entire lives and have no actual problems. prostate cancer is, i believe, slow-growing and treatment is often unnecessary (and often causes unpleasant side effects).  i've also read about studies where a group of radiologists were given an x-ray or mri or mammogram (or whatever) and they were asked to give their opinion as to whether a particular disease was present. it was known in advance which of the patients had the disease, but that was not revealed to the radiologists. they found that even experienced radiologists will frequently disagree about the meaning of the same x-ray/etc.  similar studies have been done with other specialists (e.g. a group of cardiologists being asked to read ekg printouts), and the result is usually the same (the specialists would end up disagreeing about whether individual results meant a disease was present).  more data is not necessarily helpful, and can even be harmful; it can obscure the important details and make it more difficult to come to a correct diagnosis.
t3_47v1f0-t1_d0gmu5r-d0gytas	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7461	as do i. as do i. but if all you have is a few experiences and a few stories, you will be inexperienced in the broader nature of psychological conditions and medicine and you will be causing harm. unless you've actually studied for years and years, and not bullshit study, real study, and had practice and seen patients and read studies and understood them, and talked to hundreds and thousands of people about specific conditions, the time to stfu is now.  some people need medication. as i watch my friend reach stage four cancer because she thought she could treat that lump in her breast with veganism and stress-free living, i am less and less tolerant of this kind of bullshit. you're gonna kill somebody with it.
t3_3vmmug-t1_cxp0zwr-cxp1erf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7981	second that. i found out i had breast cancer 2 weeks after my 24th birthday (though now i'm certain i had it for almost 2 years already by that point but was misdiagnosed.) due to my age they were almost certain i had the breast cancer gene as it was almost unheard of for a 24 year old to get breast cancer. luckily i didn't and it was just put down to bad luck that i got cancer. cancer is evil and affects almost everyone in one way or another. i hope you are doing well and to the poster above (sparta2019) i am so sorry for your loss.
t3_26mh9h-t1_chsgl9g-chssbqh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7545	i was listening to the audiobook "at home: a short history of private life" by bill bryson.  he was talking about a women who gave a shockingly detailed account of having a mastectomy (breast removal) due to breast cancer... before anesthetics.   she talked alot about the dread. months and months of knowing that there is a day coming up where some "doctors" are going to come to your house, hold you down, and cut your tit off with a knife, and thats the "good" alternative. she also mentioned the pain, which was so bad that she turned to describing her own screaming which she said she was surprised she couldnt still hear ringing in her own ears.
t3_2v7w2w-t3_2v7w2w-cof7pn7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	after we had kids i have spent the majority of our 14 years of marriage sleeping in another bed. first it was because our son slept like shit in a crib and screamed the whole fucking night, next was because we had a daughter and i was sleeping with our son, after that my wife had cancer and an awful mastectomy and i was sleeping with them both in another room.  i have just now started sleeping with my wife again and it definitely takes some getting used to. i still have a couple nights a week in another bed.
t3_1x4yxx-t3_1x4yxx-cf872yc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi. first and foremost: welcome to being a woman. the hormones that circulate through your body every month in a cyclical pattern affect your ovaries, your uterus, your vagina, and your breasts! i encourage you to study the menstrual cycle to learn not only what's going on, but to learn about how your body is affected by these hormones. i can tell you all of the possible things that can occur during a normal menstrual cycle, but until you own it and teach yourself about your own body, you'll never be able to be comfortable with it (physiology wise).   now, secondly, the cancer thing. cancer is prevalent. you probably know someone who is affected by cancer or who is battling it right now. it really is scary. things you can do to help prevent it (mind you, it could be genetic!) are: healthy diet and exercise, avoid radiation (this includes putting your phone in your bra!) , hormonal birth control (progesterone), and...education!  cancer in a 15 year old is certainly not unheard of, but it is unlikely. if you are sincerely worried then i suggest you see a practitioner. now, the female breast has lots of stringy fibers and nodules in it that are normal. they may even enlarge (swell) and be tender right before your period (thanks estrogen!). these are all normal occurrences. so relax and go educate yourself about your body. :)
t3_1oulvt-t3_1oulvt-ccvui4t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	considering all the advances made in recent decades with breast cancer - and the zero advances and many significant steps backward made in mental health since reagan closed all the mental hospitals and dumped the mentally ill onto the street - i think investment in genuine mental health treatment is the best thing we can do for ourselves as a society right now. if we took just a quarter of the money we spend on pink shit every october and invested it into figuring out how to get mentally unstable people away from assault rifle dealers and public schools, we'd make a bigger and more noticeable difference.
t3_1ujpgs-t3_1ujpgs-ceiyyyx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is actually a known issue among women with breast cancer in their families - i don't remember who conducted the study, but it came up in my health psychology lectures. wish i'd kept computerised notes! i believe that that study found that the way to encourage study participants to do it more often was to make them feel that it was valuable, and that they were able to do it properly. i wonder if someone would be able to show you how to do it right and give you a bit more confidence to do it yourself.  edit: we were actually taught how to do a self-exam at school, and one thing they mentioned that helps is doing it in the shower with soapy hands, like here: http://www.sandlakeimaging.com/webdocuments/breast-self-exam.pdf
t3_495pk7-t1_d0pgdnu-d0plbus	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6638	i'm a little extra paranoid because i have breast cancer on both sides of my family. my mom had it and my dad's mom had it. my mom's didn't spread, so she managed to kick its butt with a lumpectomy and some radiation, thankfully. so even if i get more false alarms, i feel a little better checking it out.
t3_46cg5l-t3_46cg5l-d04gie1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not my weirdest felling but my mother had breast cancer and had some tissue and a nerve moved from her back to where she had surgery. where the nerve is now, when it feels in need of a scratch it's where it used to be she feels the scratching sensation but not until she scratches where it is now will the sensation stop.   i've always wondering how strange that must feel.
t3_44ma23-t3_44ma23-czrebmo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.561	my mother beat breast cancer twice but was at a high likelihood of recurrance. she had ms, something wrong with her eyes, depression, and about... four other chronic conditions i couldn't even try to name, now. she was also a single mother with two dependant children. they took away her food stamps. she racked up $21,000 in credit card debt to keep us clothed and fed. she tried to get on social security when that well started running dry, and they denied her even though at that point my grandmother had to help her get to doctor's appointments and groceries and we were living under her roof to not be homeless.  they stalled her second filing.  and stalled.  and stalled.  then she just up and died. not even from the diseases she was suffering from. without any money to pay insurance she had to take the cheapest treatments for everything she had. some doctor prescribed her the wrong dosage of one pill without double checking the medications she was already on and her pharmacist didn't check either and they interacted when she took them. and it killed her.  only then did someone at the social security office decide she was elligible for benefits. only, whoops, she was dead! my brother and i were old enough to be given ssi in her place at half what she would have gotten, and it lasted all of two years--*and* they tried to take it from us to cover her debts. most of it went to the lawyer who fought for us to keep it.  fuck the system. fuck it with a rusty iron spike.
t3_4ua2w1-t1_d5oemqc-d5oew4z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"i'm sorry. i'm here for you" or "hey, do you want to talk about it?", even "i'm sorry, i don't know what to say",  or anything but what he said. and while life goes one, it *is* important to her, it is a big thing she was saddened by, especially if she wanted to have children.   when someone discloses bad news to you, it is not the time to compliment them, but to listen and comfort or step back if you cannot do that. if i got breast cancer and someone told me "hey, you have a nice smile and you're funny and like a lot of guys like girls without breasts and hey, some guys even like implants", you're not being helpful, you're actually hurting me more.
t3_1ffbcg-t1_ca9p7yq-caa6k81	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	while i think that everyone has the right to make the decisions right for them, i have to agree with you personally. for me, the second i found out that i had breast cancer would be the second i schedule my mastectomy. then again, i'm really not that attached to my breasts, so it'd be no skin off my nose to lose them. for someone who is attached to their breasts i imagine it'd be a tougher decision.
t3_1kyd72-t3_1kyd72-cbuj6b9	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6755	let me help you feel better.   i have late-stage metastatic breast cancer and  "oh, i'm sorry. i hope you start to feel better soon" would have been good enough for me.     i would have thanked you, made some comment that would have shown some of my crazy sense of humor, we both would have had a decent mini-chat and then i would have paid and left.  you were professional.   i think she was fishing for more sympathy than you were being paid to do.     unless she was a late-stage cancer patient going through her fourth chemo, has multiple tumors spread to her liver and is painfully getting around on crutches because of the nerves were dying in her feet (neropathy, a side effect i deal with) and have no clue how long she was going to be alive (i believe i have at least a year or two)...  then i am sorry...  with all due respect, she has no right to bitch.  and had i been in line behind her, i would have told her that, quite emphatically.   and called your boss too to defend you.
t3_47w1ya-t1_d0fxexu-d0fzygn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6016	i suppose it is all up to the individual circumstances, though. both of my grandmothers have had cancer multiple times at over 65. my 80 year old maternal grandmother just was diagnosed with cancer for the 4th time, breast cancer, but it was so early stage they were able to get it out immediately. she has also had liver, intestinal, and pancreatic cancer, 2 of which required chemo and 1 just surgery. yet she still travels, lives alone, and is pretty good overall. other grandma has had cancer 3 times, 2 different intestinal cancers and another one i can't remember. she is 90 next month. she still lives alone and is super active at the retirement center and does traveling with my aunt every year. my grandfather had stage 4 lung cancer at 63 and fought it for 5 years when he was given 3 weeks to live. i wouldn't trade that for the world because when it started i was too young to understand and it gave me the chance to know him. so, while i think this woman did an amazing thing, i would say fighting can also have wonderful results as well. of course, that's up to each individual.  also, i am almost certainly going to die of cancer :/  edit: spelling errors
t3_1ora6d-t1_ccuygwg-ccv2fk1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we do this every year and this will personally be my 4th year helping with the event. every single cent goes to the breast cancer foundation of sascatchwan (i dont know how to spell it sorry and im to lazy to look it up)
t3_49dxxq-t1_d0r3c7k-d0s5uiy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a similar scare with breast cancer (family history and all) at 26. it was the most terrifying week of my life and i actually cried like a baby when they called saying that it wasn't cancer.   i can't even imagine going through the real thing.
t3_2wp6pa-t3_2wp6pa-cot5gfp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was younger (maybe 12 or so) i could feel what i thought was a lump in both nipples. for years i was scared to death because i thought i had breast cancer (i'm a guy). then one night my mom told me, some lady who claimed she was a psychic at her job said there was something i wanted to tell my mom but didn't know how. soon enough, my mom and i are in the car that night driving somewhere (i don't remember) and she asked me if there was anything i needed to tell/ask her. i started crying (and therefore so did she) and then i told her i feel lumps in my nipples and i think i have breast cancer. she pretty much laughed it off (she's a nurse of 20 or so years or so, so she knew it was actually nothing) and so did i when i told her and she said i was fine.   pretty funny to look back on now
t3_3lkv93-t1_cvikssn-cvisoly	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i haven't talked to my mom since i dropped her at the airport i have talked to her through texts that's all i can really handle her dad was what they say slow and she really probably doesn't mean it but shoot i have wish i had more time i just had a baby 3 weeks ago bedtime is 3 am it's been 3 am since last december my toddler is nocturnal kinda go to sleep at 3 am wake up at 11 am he is 2 years old. i'm also getting some blue some post partum blues. it's crazy i don't feel like hurting my children or myself but i got to find some parenting advice this schedule is so hard on me. thank you for taking the time to write me i can't cut my mom off completely i'm not worried about her reaction to it the guilt would just kill me because i know she was raised in a very weird home like her father offered for her to come my with him in the bed since her mother was in the hospital having a child. so my grandma was in labor away from the house and my grandpa who is slow- (and dead now too) offered my 16 year old mom to sleep with him.  i'm operating under the theory she can't teach me what she doesn't know- and she can't give me what she never had. now my dad knows i'm going through ppd and is kind of listening but it doesn't change the fact that everytime i ever needed him!? he wasn't there. i remember when i got stuck on the dirt road that we lived down i was so scared to call him to tow me out it was 3 am. i never heard the end of it yeah it was 3 am but i never asked him for shit so i saved my favors you know. then i was moving out and i asked if he could come 10 miles to my apt and bring his trailer and he came so i could load it well it wasn't ready go figure i was packing by myself he scurted off in hurry squeezed his tires that was the first time my husband then boyfriend saw wtf i meant by his temper. it was like he couldn't be bothered. he has expensive forearms i'm talking 7k turquoise gun yeah a neon turquoise gun as always i asked how much was that he glared at me then later said i don't appreciate you putting me on the spot i don't want your mother knowing how i spend my money. then i had to borrow money for us moving so we could both continue our education and work. he gave me money but is holding our silver that we bought in case of a economic collapse. but here i am 32 years old busting my ass quit my job and school and have 2 grandsons !!! boys he wanted sons anyways and he's buying expensive guns. i had to take my mother to her breast cancer surgery he didn't go with her but he will go to shooting tournaments. ohmigod they frustrate the fuck out of me and i can't get over the past i jut can't they are nicer now but i can't forget idk why not. it's sad
t3_pibfu-t3_pibfu-c3ps95b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.748	someone else already posted one similar to mine, but i'm throwing it out there anyway. bf of 4 years used to be a huge wow addict. i was diagnosed with two types of thyroid cancer and became very ill and had to stay at home all the time. i got home from the doctors and phoned him to tell him the news.   "i'm sick and tired of you always being sick and complaining all the time. sorry about hearing you have cancer, but you'll get over it. my mom's aunt's friend's cousin (etc) had breast cancer and she's totally fine. i got to go, i'm raiding" *promptly hangs up in the middle of my sentence*
t3_3ca2la-t3_3ca2la-cstnaj5	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	...i had a mastectomy nearly two years ago. recovery was messy and took a couple months. but the after-effects and subsequent chemotherapy left me with permanent issues (i called it my breast reduction surgery ...2 minus 1 = 1). i have chemo-brain now, and no symmetry.
t3_fyxes-t3_fyxes-c1jodst	breast_cancer	relevant	0.619	we're all here for you :d. right now it's all a bit shit (and you have copped it pretty badly), but once you're over this you'll be a way stronger and more confident person for it. if you can beat this, and get through alright, nothing can stop you!  keep that positivity going, focus on what makes you happy and laugh as often as you can. you'll make it :).  my mum had breast cancer when i was still in high school, never have i seen someone face it so bravely and confidently. she just kept going with life, stayed happy and saw the lighter side of things. being bald didn't phase her too much, she had swollen hands and her feet still have constant pins and needles to this day, yet she just keeps going. she got through it and it hasn't come back, and you'll get through this. before you know it your luck will change for the better, just keep looking for that silver lining :).  *big hugs*
t3_347pn8-t3_347pn8-cqs50tl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in sixth grade, we had a two week sex ed program. we were separated by gender, but both groups got the same curriculum, which covered reproductive systems of both sexes and how to make babies and how to avoid babies and stds. they just wanted us to feel more comfortable discussing awkward topics.   in 9th grade we had another few weeks, co-ed. we did separate for one day, when we discussed breast or testicular cancer and learned to do self exams.   i don't have a problem with a sex ed class being co-ed, but efforts should be made to make the students comfortable asking questions and being honest. gender separation may help with that.
t3_48t4ey-t1_d0mcjqw-d0mgm59	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8021	please feel free to message me.  i certainly understand your concerns. my grandmother on my mother's side of the family had cervical cancer and it was caught early and survived another 20 years until lung cancer (she did smoke.)  two of my three aunts on my mother's side had cancer. one had cervical, but the doctor missed that it had spread to her uterus when just her cervix was removed. it took 5 years but spread to her pancreas later. my other aunt did get breast cancer and it was caught early and she survived it, but 10 years later she also got lung cancer. (she smoked) and passed away when it go into her lymph nodes.  neither me or my mother smoked and my mother didn't do hrt after she had her hysterectomy at 42 (a year younger than when i started hrt.) she lost a lot of bone density and developed fibromyalgia and she had a silicon breast implant burst (she was naturally an a cup and had them done 15 years prior) around the same time. she did go back on hrt, but in a low dose form and had the implants replaced. after a few years her health improved. now at 64 she is doing fine and is get health except her bone density is something to watch, but she has remained cancer free.  as long as you vigilant about getting screened and don't smoke, i think your do fine with hrt.
t3_2l73e8-t3_2l73e8-clsd9uo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	autism is weird.  it's basically a blanket word that describes a whole spectrum of many different disorders we don't understand or have words for.  some of it can be treated and some of it can't.    it's like someone saying i have cancer.  well if you have breast cancer the odds are in your favor you'll  be fine.  if you have pancreas cancer you'll probably be getting a death notice.
t3_1z2acs-t3_1z2acs-cfpx21r	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8367	thanks for sharing and i am glad you had a relatively good childhood:)   i would also like to share a story about cancer and palliative care, which made me really bitter!     a second cousin was diagnosed with breast cancer and it was too late by the time she got the diagnoses. she was relatively young (mid 40s), never married (because duh nobody her age in the family) and she had a suspicious lump on her chest 2 years ago which she chose to ignore because it would mean exposing her breasts to a male doctor!  so in the few months between her diagnoses and death, she was carted from a hospital to hospital as she was writhing in pain because of unavailability of morphine, shitty uncaring oncologists and obviously no such thing as hospice care.  the agony that poor woman went through was horrific and unimaginable!    in pakistan, doctors would rather not prescribe pain medication to patients than face government wrath, which is laughable considering how *tough* the government is on drug trafficking and you can buy almost any illicit drug without 0 repercussions on the streets.     nobody thought to help her or advocated for her health since her dying in this hellish way guaranteed going to heaven.    it still makes me so mad!!!
t3_zvkkk-t3_zvkkk-c683oug	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have not sold my eggs, but i was an egg donor in the us.   first step is being qualified.  since i was a known donor, some things that would have likely disqualified me for paid egg donation were not an issue, but if you have a family history of certain diseases or mental health issues, you may not be accepted.  you fill out a ton of paperwork, including extensive family history, questionnaires, etc.  you will also likely have an in-person interview with a psychologist.   egg donations are used fresh, not frozen (for the most part).  so bear in mind, if you are a donor, you don't just go in on the day you ovulate and donate an egg.  first, a recipient must choose you as a donor.  only then do you physically prepare to donate. be prepared to have a lot of blood draws.   **physical donation:**  1. you have to on-cycle with your recipient.  this means the recipient will be receiving drugs to prepare her for receipt of an embryo, and you will have to go on the pill so that the doctors can time the whole process appropriately.   2. one you are cycled up, you will begin drugs to suppress ovulation. you'll be taught how to administer these drugs yourself, because you will need to inject yourself every day (or night). usually this is with a small needle injection in your belly or thigh fat.  *note:* you're inducing a false menopause here, and you may feel menopausal.  i was a hormonal weepy wreck.  i needed ice cream, hugs, and the time and space to call every cocksucking twatwaffle all the filthy names i could think of.  and since sex is absolutely not allowed, i was also frustrated.   3. you'll then start injecting yourself with drugs to stimulate you to mature more eggs than usual.  normally, you ovulate one or 2 eggs.  your doctors will be aiming for a much higher number.  12 is a sweet spot, but it's also possible that your body might mature closer to 30 or 40.   4. once this egg maturation process starts, your doctors are going to want to monitor this process very carefully. prepare to dedicate every other morning for 10- 14 days to going to the doctor.  usually they want to see sometime between 7 - 9 am to draw and test your blood, and to give a transvaginal ultrasound to look at the follicles and eggs. i call this the "dildo-camera". *note:*  its during this time when you feel like you're walking around with little bags of grapes in your ovaries.  you will be cautioned to not move around much, no yoga, etc.  the threat of torquing your ovaries (and thereby cutting off circulation, i guess?) is very real.  i was swollen and pissy. and when my 3 year old sat on my belly i had to resist the urge to throw her to the floor in a rage of pain and hormonal insanity.   5. after 10-14 days your eggs will be ready, and you will be scheduled for surgery.  you will be given a needle of some serious shit to inject yourself with.  this drug will force ovulation.  the surgery is times to "catch" the ovulation before it happens. you may need to inject yourself at a very random time in order to time the surgery properly.  i had to do it at, like, 2 am.   6. surgery: you'll be put under. a big fat needle will be pierced through your belly area, and camera guided into your ovaries and it will slurp up your big fat happy eggs like a freakish bubble tea made out of pre-people. my recovery after surgery was about 2 hours in the hospital, and then a very very sore 2 days after.  i work a desk job, and couldnt go to work the next day.   a final note: there is no way i could have worked my 9-5 job and seen friends in those few weeks without people knowing something was up. i was hormonal, puffy, and going to the doctor every other day for 2 weeks.   but in the end, for me, it was worth it.  i have a gorgeous nephew now who is a goddamned miracle of science.  if i weren't also a crazy person with a family history of breast cancer and diabetes, it might also be worth $5,000.    and that's it!
t3_q9hdp-t1_c3vsotg-c3vsq47	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6626	ah...i didn't notice that it was visible in the pic until i clicked the link! it's from a recent lumpectomy i had to remove a tumor.  i have a history of breast cancer and didn't want to take any chances with it.
t3_2vs4fm-t3_2vs4fm-colnnj8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm sorry you're having to deal with this. soon you'll be nc!  my mother had bpd and npd, which tend to overlap. she was sick as long as i knew her. she always had a kidney infection, or the flu, or heart problems. she'd be in and out of doctor's offices until one would finally give her a diagnosis of something terrible. then she would tell everyone we knew how sick she was. she told our neighbors she had cancer, and my dad and i had no idea until the guy across the alley mentioned that it was amazing that she'd lost so little hair after chemo.  she loved being sick. nothing made her happier--poor, pitiful her, with her family who "hated" her for being a hardship.   she'd take my brother and make him sit with her in the hospital parking lot, telling him to drag her in because her heart would stop beating soon. she did this several times. when i was 10, she told me she had breast cancer and would die soon. a few days later, i asked her if the cancer could be treatable, and she said, "what are you talking about? are you making up stories again?"  ironically, nine years ago she went into kidney failure. then she really did get breast cancer. then we found out it was because she had stage four multiple myeloma, and the breast cancer had actually spread from that. being bed-ridden for the next several years didn't help her mental state at all.  the sickest part? she loved every second of it. up until her death, she soaked up the attention. no one wanted to call her out for being manipulative, because who wanted their potentially last interaction with her to be an argument? it was only in the last few months of life that she realized that all the attention in the world wouldn't keep her from dying.   i did feel sympathetic for her, until she started crushing her pills and putting them in my dad's coffee so that he would die too. (thankfully, he caught her, and he is alive and well.)
t3_evtf2-t1_c1bdkzy-c1beb7w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have first hand knowledge that other breast cancer awareness companies have had several internal debates about whether or not to advertise on products that actually are believed to be linked to breast cancer. i know recently that a company i am talking about really did not want to advertise on a brand of vodka because of its possible link to cancer.  needless to say they ended up making the deal simply because they were/are forced to have to keep up with komen, who apparently have few qualms with advertising on products (such as foods high in fat) that are linked to breast cancer.
t3_bx4cy-t3_bx4cy-c0p179a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;the study found that 191 people needed to be screened with the test to prevent one cancer cancer and 400 needed to be screened to save one life. this was in comparison to one in 500 breast cancer screening tests needed to save one life, mr kumar said.   we should screen every person for every possible form of cancer, every year to prevent deaths. we can all work in the medical industries, spend all of our money on tests and spend all of our  non-working hours preparing for tests. we will all live to be at least 100 and the older we get the more tests we should have so the elderly become a source of employment opportunities for  more young people.  just before death, everyone will need to be cryogenically frozen and kept in storage so we can thaw them out and cure them, when that cure is developed. once cured, these people will need to be tested more often to make sure they stay healthy.  no one ever needs to die and we will all be guaranteed of a clean, indoor job.
t3_2j9tqv-t3_2j9tqv-cl9w8wz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fuck this. my thoughts are with streeter and his family. i had a cousin who got breast cancer and it tragically masticated into her brain and she died a few years ago, so i know how shitty this disease is.  i wish this guy the best, and that he has the support to help him out during this tragedy.
t3_pjq37-t3_pjq37-c3pz3jl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't think it is wrong to give thanks to god. my mom use to have breast cancer and she use to pray. she prayed and it seemed as though it gave her strength. there were days that it seemed like she had nothing. but she also knows she got medical help. not all christians say the hell with medicine, it was god.
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46q62c	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer 19 years ago, my chemo/radiation treatment was the first of its kind, i was afraid. i felt weak, and couldn't eat much. my chemo lasted four months. the biggest thing is to stay hydrated, i was actually hospitalized once for dehydration. it took almost a year before my hair started growing again.  just think about all the good things that will happen, don't dwell on the bad things.
t3_4yyfwj-t3_4yyfwj-d6tx6d6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i used to be convinced i had breast cancer (i'm a guy) and had to check myself over and over again every few minutes for several years. now i can't remember the last time i worried about that, but my obsessions today are mostly about sexual identity. at times i've also had repeated obsessive thoughts regarding relationships and work. it definitely changes over time.
t3_1r2b9l-t3_1r2b9l-cdj7zwp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was hungover, and at about 9am, some girl scouts that lived down my street came to my house selling cookies. i was grumpy and tired, so i wasn't to pleased by the doorbell being rung repeatedly. i went to they door and they asked if i wanted to buy cookies, and that half of the money they made would go to breast cancer research. i didn't even think about it, i just said "do i look like i have fucking breast cancer?"... to 10 year old girls. i later went and apologized. and bought some cookies.
t3_3xw9md-t3_3xw9md-cy8d1z9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there aren't alternatives to hrt.  i have the brca1 mutation (risk for breast cancer in women = super duper high almost 100%), so i know how you feel, my doctor originally refused me hormones and told me to transition with out them, which was unacceptable for me, after 15 months of being refused my depresison worsened and he finally caved, now i am simply vigiliant about it.
t3_2mqbf2-t1_cm6z4n6-cm6zm16	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i haven't. i have too high of a risk for breast cancer (runs in the family at an early age -my mom has been in treatment for 6 years) so i'm very wary of hormone replacements. around the time i got off depo, they announced a study linking it to a doubled risk of breast cancer. it's just meh all the way around.
t3_17523c-t3_17523c-c82oq61	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i went through a nuclear medicine test when i had breast cancer.  i was injected with a radioactive tracer in my tumor site.  the doctor told me that therewould be a briefmoment of pain when he did the injection.  i still tremble inside when i think of how painful that was.  and after all that, the test was unsuccessful.  i will never allow a doctor to talk me into a test like that again.
t3_3ilj6f-t3_3ilj6f-cuhixi8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8006	you should have never quit your dream job to take care of a loser.  my current gf did the same thing 20 years ago when she was your age and it has haunted her ever since.  she did exactly the same thing too.  her bf at the time quit his job in construction to take care of her because of a temporary health crisis. (she had breast cancer at 21) as soon as she recovered she went back to her job, but he realized just how much he liked staying home and playing video games while she worked.  fast forward 5 years and she has 2 of his kids and he's graduated to a physically abusive, jobless cheat who already has a kid outside the marriage.  she eventually left him, but never was able to get back into her field. (she was studying to be a pharmacist and was in college while doing tech and lab work at a hospital before the cancer, and had to quit to go into a customer service call center, just like you)    now, at 43, she is languishing as a lowly pharmacy technician. making less money than her 19-year old daughter, has shit credit because of her time with the ex, and (unlike you) has let the clock almost fully expire on ever realizing her dreams.  (she just got diagnosed with lupus and just doesn't have the gas in her tank anymore to do the college thing at almost 50)  so, in short, what you need to do is kick this fucking worthless piece of shit bum out of your life and move along with your personal goals and dreams before you too are a 40-something with nothing left to look forward to, and nothing worth looking back on.
t3_9lhkd-t1_c0daakx-c0daqyf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're blurring the intents of the law again.  you and i both agree, the technical wording of the law is gender neutral.  you and i disagree that intent has as much to do with a law as the technical wording itself.  the law is able to be debated for any potential discrimination situation, but unless that ticket holder can show he was denied the product the ticket conferred (and he agreed to through purchase)  he doesn't have a case.  all relevant case history i can find in my cursory reviews shows that male gender discrimination is valid in situations which prevent someone from enjoying equal access and equal opportunity with respect to employment, career and housing.  the claim that a man not being afforded the equal opportunity to acquire a free sun hat (fishing hat) at a baseball game did not discriminate or affront his right to enjoy the baseball game.  he was permitted entry into the game via the ticket which permitted him the right to watch the baseball game.  the promotion was not inherently guaranteed to be available via the ticket.   regardless of his personal situation and intentions, the subject allowances for the promotion required that the attendee do the following, attend the game via purchase of ticket, be one of the first 7,500 fans, and be a woman.  he purchased the ticket, essentially a contract, in full awareness of those requirements.  if we claim that this is gender discrimination, we need to also look at other promotions where conditions are applied prior to award.  kids only promotions should be prohibited.  furthermore, promotions shouldn't be limited to any limit of fans.  circumstances beyond your control could disqualify you from being one of the first 7,500 fans...  hey, your the innocent victim of unexpected traffic.  you deserve that sun hat anyway.  maybe we should do away with benefits afforded to those who are seniors.  what right do those seniors have to establish age-restricted communities?  what about senior discounts?  why should my insurance plan offer free mammograms but not free prostate exams?  why can't i wear a dress and makeup to work without discipline or termination?  &gt;you guys are mostly arguing because you think it's silly for the man to want the sun hat.  no, it's silly to think that.  he can want a sun hat.  hell, he can buy a sun hat.  but if he bought a ticket, he agreed to the promotions terms.  further more, the ticket doesn't confer the right to the promotion, it confers the right to attend the game--promotion or not.   &gt;well guess what, maybe there was a guy there who has a bed-sick wife dying of breast cancer, and he decided to go out early and do all the same things that those women did to get the sun hat so he could give it to his wife, as a token of support for those suffering the same disease.  because a husband of a bed-ridden, cancer-strewn wife would rather goto a baseball game to get the breast cancer hat than be with her.  i don't find that argument compelling.  a more direct way to support his wife is to be there and personally support her.  another indirect way is to participate in the susan komen race for the cure.  another way is to donate to cancer research.  for some reason, justifying his need for a sun hat to support cancer research just doesn't cut it.  &gt;quit acting like you know everything and recognize that the law that was written to provide equality amongst the sexes is there for a reason.  agreed, you quit acting like you know everything as well.  the law will provide equal protection and equal rights to services rendered.  if the ticket was rendering one the right to sun hats, i'd agree with you.  but it's not.  it's affording the right to watch a baseball game and because they want to honor women, they are giving them a special gift.  next time i don't open a door for my wife, i'll remind her that i'm just following the law.  the next time i have a relative get breast cancer, i'll make sure i goto a baseball game and get the free-bee hat to show how much i care.  i'll make sure to picket the local hospital when they have their mobile mammogram unit show up for free scans and encourage people to boycott because there is no portable-prostate unit.  again, the baseball ticket doesn't sell the promotion, it sells entry into a game.  he got that.  he was afforded equal access, he was treated equally.  his case is frivolous and baseless.  the law in question is section 51.  i can't find compelling language to support the accusation of discrimination based on sex.  here's some other case law which supports (not all my arguments but part of them) http://writtenadvocacy.net/blog/?p=81  i do believe that the unruh act is applicable and correct with reference to ladies night where the actual cost of entry to determined by sex.  the act is written so broadly as to capture all potential forms of discrimination that it leaves itself open to interpretation that free-bee promotions, which produce zero economic harm, barrier to entry, or any other affront to enjoyment of the baseball game could be construed as discrimination.
t3_43au8p-t1_czh8tmn-czhb2n2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh man..i heard that all the time too. oh gee...at least i don't have cancer. i was like..hey..thanks alot...lol...i found out i had breast cancer during breast cancer awareness month. every where i went...pink ribbons. made me crazy. and then ..even the well meaning people would bring over little gifts and such. all pink...all pink ribbons...and they are gifts from the heart..so what can i say? thank you..but..this gift actually turns my stomach...lol...it is true what someone said earlier about the white honda scenario...you tend to see it everywhere when it effects you. all the best!
t3_wid4m-t1_c5emhg5-c5en1kc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;it's a medical procedure [...]  why is routine *infant* circumcision a medical procedure? simply because it is done by doctors at a hospital?   i've shown you that it does not guard against hpv, which is better treated through vaccination anyway. i've shown you that it is not relevant to the hiv epidemic in developed countries where heterosexual men make up only 9% of those infected. i've shown you that it does not protect against utis, which are routinely treated with antobiotics/antimycotics anyway. i've shown you that not only is there no conclusive link between it and penile cancer, this type of cancer is rarer than male breast cancer and a baby is more likely to die due to circumcision complications than to even *develop* it in the first place.   pre-emptive amputation is not generally part of medical practice in most countries these days; we don't even remove children's tonsils. in fact tonsillectomy is only done as a last resort when all other options have been exhausted.   so why is circumcision different? if not cancer, hiv or utis, what makes it so amazing as to set it apart and defy all medical practice? amputation is generally only prescribed as the very last resort for congenital malformations, gangrenous infections or where trauma is so great that the tissue cannot be salvaged. what benefit is there to circumcision that compares to such dire emergencies?   &gt;saying that people mutilate's their children is a straw man fallacy. mutilation means that it will be made to look less in keeping with societal norms deliberately [...]   that's not what mutilation means. if that were the definition of the word then female circumcision would also not be mutilation. circumcision, whether male or female is mutilation; and it is not even the only type of mutilation of its type. there are dozens of different forms of genital mutilation, each more ancient and horrific than the next.   &gt;[...] you're insecure saying that i was abused by my parents won't win you any points either.   i do think you are an abuse victim, yes, and it is absolutely why you would want to justify that any way you can. if your parents had handed you over to your tribal elder to have your penis subincised, you would still be here arguing about how great it is to have your cock filleted like a fish just like circumcised women defend circumcision. your cock has already been irrevocably damaged and there is nothing you will ever be able to do about it. remember that fallacy of sunken cost i mention? it can also be called "sunken-cost bias".   i said two rational agents cannot agree to disagree. one of the keys by which a rationalist adjusts their views is by taking account their biases and establishing a confidence key based on it. answer me this: who between us two has the most to lose by conceding this argument? obviously both us are invested in it well beyond what is normal, we've been at it two days.   if you admit you are wrong and there's no justifiable reason to strap a baby boy to a table and rip away the skin of his penis before cutting it away, possibly without any pain relief and certainly insufficient pain relief. then you have to admit that your loving parents did that to you—possibly without giving it a second thought and certainly not because they thought it would protect you from hiv or hpv—and there is nothing you can ever do to fix it. tell me, how likely do you think it is that you were circumcised without any anaesthesia at all? it would be easy enough to estimate.   now why do you think i, an intact man from a country where circumcision is unheard of, am so passionate about the subject? why would someone like me spend two days on an argument that is unlikely to be seen by many people, with someone i am not likely to ever meet again after it is done. it is obvious what you have to gain, or rather what you have to lose, but me?   one of us is being less rational than the other and failing to adjust their confidence to their biases. who do you think it is?
t3_2htkte-t1_ckwldh2-ckwmcbb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first, i'm no specialist on oral cancer (i had breast cancer), but i have read a fair amount about oral cancers, from a laywoman's point of view.  i assumed you already had a dentist or ent doctor scheduling you for a biopsy.  anyway, a good oral surgeon or ent doc should do.  if you live near a major cancer center (dana-farber, md anderson, memorial sloan-kettering, or their satellite centers - not, though, any cancer centers of america), you can call their head and neck department and ask them for a referral.  again, you may well not have cancer, but as soon as you know, you'll be on track.  best -
t3_3lvs3s-t3_3lvs3s-cvevh0r	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8097	best of luck to your mom!! she sounds like she's an amazing and strong lady! i'm also a breast cancer survivor and know that going into it with a fighting attitude seemed to help me. treatment sucks, but having a good attitude and a sense of humor does make it much better. similar to cootermarie, i've been through chemo, surgeries, radiation, still taking tamoxifen and if your mom has any questions, i'd be more than happy to answer them. hope everything goes well with treatment and wishing her all the best!!
t3_267pdk-t1_chohifk-chp0v58	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5064	we're going camping with some friends, then when we come home sunday were going to dinner for my mil's 60th birthday. monday were taking her for tea at the ritz. we got her an awesome birthday present so i'm super excited to give it to her! we bought her a voucher for a zoo keeper for a day experience. my husband and i got married at london zoo and we were supposed to have the meerkats come hang out with us while the keeper did a talk, but the keeper had an emergency and things got rescheduled (we got a private tour or the breeding area for all of the sea life instead). my mil loves meerkats so she was a bit upset. in her zoo keeper for the day experience she not only gets to play with meerkats but otters too!!!! my husband and i bought a children's lunch box that looks like a monkey and filled it with sweets and hid the voucher at the bottom.   we booked her experience for next friday even though it was meant to be for whenever, my mil is a breast cancer survivor and she's having her final reconstructive surgery in 3 week. my husband and i took the day off (my in laws are teachers and in half term) so we're all going to go watch her on friday. it's going to be so fun!
t3_1m1thw-t1_cc5btsp-cc5ckvh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7619	from someone living with a night owl.... please don't stay up and watch tv late into the night if she has to work the next day. we recently invested in blue tooth headphones and it has really helped our relationship... namely i no longer want to smother him while he watches futurama at 3am.   i moved in with my boyfriend out of necessity. i was being emotionally abused by my brother and he stepped over the line and physically assaulted me (slapped me so hard my ears rang) and no one stood up for me. i had been dating my boyfriend for 8 months and i had just turned 20.   i absolutely think that is was important and continues to be important that we live together before we make any long term life commitments together (beyond the adoption of our dog, and the future adoption of our second dog we are planning). there are a lot of habits that we both brought with us when we decided to live together that we quickly learned to hate about one another. it made the first few months really rocky.   we learned that we could compromise (hence blue-tooth headphones two years and countless late night fits after they were suggested) and work on things together. two years later we are still learning to work together on our habits. we are both slobs and i do most of the cleaning so it can make me feel a little over worked, my boyfriend has agreed to take out the trash when it gets full and help me fold and hang the laundry and that he is responsible for his desk staying clean.   we still fight sometimes and there are days that are harder than others. i know i love him with all i have in me because he has been my rock while i've struggled with my mother's breast cancer diagnosis and subsequent chemo treatments and near death experiences. honestly i think that if i were to marry him and not have had the experience of living with him first...it would be much harder to get settled in. the times we have had, good and bad, the past two years have been rewarding in a way i cannot explain. even if things don't end up working out i know i would never trade them for anything.   i think its important, if not to give things a good trial run before smashing your lives together, than to get all the icky terrible first moved in kinks worked out. you go into marriage with high expectations and if the other person isn't what you imagined then it might be hard to handle the habits they have... its much better to deal with those habits in a setting with lower expectations... and less anxiety.
t3_2rkpjo-t1_cnh8euw-cnh8kc0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the heads up. i'm a bit weary of such strong antiperspirants because i had the fear of breast cancer (i'm a woman) instilled in me regarding these (though i'm unsure if this is actually a threat or not). i'll check it out though.
t3_1l2cy2-t1_cbv64j3-cbv6dv0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8069	&gt; i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol
t3_34pqt3-t1_cqwxfny-cqx1z0j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.835	is cancer a deal breaker? i'm legitimately asking because i have breast cancer and i usually disclose that to people on the first date but i've never been faded on or rejected because of it.
t3_43tbr1-t1_czksyik-czl2icu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; and on the other hand never seeing them translate to actual cures.  this is only because it takes years to develop them into actual products. yes it takes *too* long, but they do get out. there have been incredible advancements in cancer treatment with new drugs in the last 20 years. trastuzumab was introduced in 1998, a drug that gives on average nearly 2 years more lifetime to breast cancer patients. then in 2012 pertuzumab was approved, which complements the function of trastuzumab and further increases the survival by an additional year or so.  now they are even studying attaching chemotherapy-nanoparticles into these antibody-drugs for super targeted treatment. without any drugs the survival of her2+ metastatic breast cancer survival is less than a year.  these are not *cures*, but if you think about it, giving a 60-year-old patient 3 more years is 5% of her life! that's definitely not a bad increment. it's not realistic to expect a cure without first just getting better and better treatment. i'm actually doing a phd in cancer and a part of it will be trying to find out if a particular stemcell antigen antibody would be a viable drug.  tl;dr many awesome things from the news actually do make it into products, and have done so, not just as fast as they maybe could in a perfect world.
t3_bjq42-t1_c0n61so-c0n8bov	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	shitty job...   in 2009, 10,544 patients and their companions exited the gaza strip for medical treatment in israel.  the transfer of medical equipment and medicine is coordinated according to requests made by palestinian authority (pa) and the international community. 4,883 tons (572 truckloads) of medical equipment and medicines entered gaza in 2009.  h1n1 (swine flu): as part of the assistance given to the pa, professional meetings were held between israeli and palestinian health representatives to prepare for an epidemic in the gaza strip. three patients exited the gaza strip for medical care in israeli hospitals and 44,500 doses of vaccine were transferred to gaza by the who (world health organization).   the transfer of 2 elevators for hospitals in the gaza strip was coordinated in 2009. that same year, the transfer of mammogram equipment for breast cancer diagnosis and of the first ct machine for a prcs hospital in the gaza strip was coordinated.   in 2009, israel continued to supply electricity to the gaza strip from its ashkelon power station. in addition, 41 truckloads of equipment for the maintenance of the electricity network were transferred. power station: between april-october 2009, maintenance work was conducted on gaza’s power station by siemens.  over 100 million liters of diesel were delivered to the power station.   45 truckloads of equipment for communication systems were delivered in accordance to requests by the pa.  water and sewage: 95 truckloads of equipment for water and sewage systems, as well as 3,720 tons of chloride for water purification were transferred during 2009.  also saw significant progress in promoting the north gaza wastewater treatment plant project with 48 truckloads of equipment and aggregates entered gaza for the project.  this progress positively affected the level of wastewater in the beit lahiya filling lagoon.  in 2009, over  300 million usd were transferred to the gaza strip to fund salaries and the activities of international organizations.  10 million usd of worn banknotes were replaced.  in feb '10 76 million usd were transferred to the bank of israel, in accordance to a request by the palestinian monetary fund and israel and the pa reached an agreement on the transfer of social security payments and pensions to beneficiaries in the gaza strip who have worked in israel. the money will be transfer to palestinian banks in the west bank, then the pa can deliver the money to beneficiaries in gaza.  in 2009, the international community transferred 141,390 tons of humanitarian aid (7,233 truckloads), including 115,043 tons (5,166 truckloads) of food and 2,990 tons of medicines and medical equipment (332 truckloads).  also saw a significant increase in the number of international staff members that entered the gaza strip: 21,200 foreign staff members and over 400 diplomatic delegations entered gaza. 2,200 palestinian staff members exited the gaza strip.   3,282,000 liters of fuel and diesel were transfer for use in unrwa activities.  10,871 heads of cattle were brought into gaza, mainly for the ramadan and eid al-adha holidays.
t3_3mx7lc-t1_cvj9bnh-cvjhitd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.632	i noticed a lump....probably back in december....but i didn't go in until april....i made excuses. but my husband's persistent nagging sent me in when it became painful. i had shooting pain in my right nipple and paired with the lump....was enough. my lump was 6cm....so it was pretty huge. but one of the woman i know going through this has a lump the size of a pea and had a web-like structure near it...so it can come in all shapes and sizes. i have no history of breast cancer in my family. ...but since finding out i was positive for the brca2 mutation, my younger brother and sister both got tested and both tested positive for that mutation as well...so they are starting their own testing to make sure if anything changes with them, they get checked too. hope that helps!
t3_2ppspq-t1_cmzmqi2-cn0ekxq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	(a) and (c) seem pretty broad to me. when i was a minor in high school some years ago, i had to do a breast cancer research paper for a &amp; p. guess what the school computers had blocked in the search filter? yep, breast. is this really that big of a deal in the long run? nope. not to mention the epic lag you'd have on your school computers if they weren't filtering. we got around this by using google.ca until they caught on.
t3_3hnyot-t1_cu97wp6-cu983s3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	/s?   how can you say that's a fact? no proof out there. it might help. i don't know for sure tho. neither do you.   there needs to be a thorough clinical trial of current standard of care vs current standard of care + marijuana.   how do you do that with double blind and crossover tho? people are gonna know if they're smoking weed.   there's also many different types of cancers. is it effective in colorectal cancer, blood cancers, breast cancer, thyroid cancer, pancreatic cancer etc? do we test just one type or include all types? if we include all types how do we know the results weren't skewed bc it actually only works better in some cancers than others?   do we test how long they live after they start treatment? there's different severities of cancer. were they gonna get better anyway without marijuana? or did they get better only bc they were using marijuana? did they die bc marijuana or were they gonna die anyway?  how much do we give? how do we formulate it in a titratable drug delivery system? also its either gonna have to be in an oral/iv formulation or controlled aerosol inhaler. a blunt is not an appropriate drug formulation  theres still many hurdles that haven't been answered by a simple test in a petri dish. i would wait to make your decision till something in the human model comes out. this just means it might be possible that it will work in humans.  and yea the government needs to make it easier to run the trials. i don't understand why they would impede something with potential to be effective.  edit: now for palliative care, i don't really give a damn. if someone is about to die, let em smoke blunts if it makes them feel good i really don't care. but in order to be used as an antineoplastic agent it's gonna have to be in a controlled formulation and actually be proven to work through trials in a human model not in a lab.
t3_3fgkb7-t3_3fgkb7-cty0hx7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	august 10  today just really sucks. this day for the past three years has always sucked. warning: this post is likely to be a long one and a downer.   three years ago, my mom passed away. in 2010 she discovered she had breast cancer and after several treatments she was cleared "cancer free". that didn't last long however, as the cancer soon returned, this time to her lungs. she participated in a drug trial and saw improvement, until she didn't. the cancer continued to grow and by february 2012 she had "buck shot" tumors throughout her lungs and three large inoperable tumors in her brain. she entered hospice care in june of 2012. i spent as many days as i could with her before i moved to colorado, i moved on july 24, she passed on august 10.   i don't want to be sad every august 10, because i know it's probably not what she would want, but i can't help it. yesterday i misspoke when talking to mr and said i couldn't believe it'd been 2 years since her passing. he hesitated to correct me, but once he said "it's actually been three" i burst into tears. i don't like thinking of it being that long. in my life i've gone without seeing friends for a year or two but when you see each other again it feels like no time at all. but three years just feels like too long without her. i just want my mom.   and i try not to be jealous of my siblings for having so much more time with her, but i am. i try not to be mad at my brother and sister for having her there when they were married, and when they had their first babies. but i am. i'm jealous and i'm mad. i didn't get to have my mom at my wedding. and now we're trying to have a baby and i don't get to have my mom there to reassure me that it takes time, to tell me that all the hard work will be worth it and to be there with me when we finally get to the having the baby part. they both got to have those experiences and i don't. usually i can forget about those things and not be upset about it. but today i just can't. today i'm sad, and i'm jealous, and i'm mad. i just want my mom.   so today i'm going to sit on my couch and cry. and hold my kitties and cry. and watch sad movies and cry. because i need to. because august 10 is the one day i give myself to be sad. my mom always said that cancer could only have two days of her life, the day she was diagnosed and the day she died. so i'm ok with letting sadness over her death have one day a year.   i'm also going to make a gratitude list. my mom was huge on gratitude lists. i'm grateful for my house, my health and my husband. i'm grateful for my three kitties. i'm grateful for the time i had with my mom. all the road trips and cooking lessons and lazy days watching movies we had together. and i'm grateful for being sad, because it's good to experience emotion.   lastly, hug your family, hug your pets, hug your friends. everyone is here on borrowed time. http://i.imgur.com/yfxhtmz.jpg
t3_46ys3z-t1_d095m9z-d097y0i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you. any surgery is scary, but this is also progress! very exciting stuff. you'll still be stiff and sore like after the mastectomy - make sure you do all those arm stretches. don't skimp!
t3_16frvy-t3_16frvy-c7vnnhb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7575	planned parenthood is marginal, at best. i had a birth control implant put in and was not told i had a higher risk of breast cancer after the age of 40. guess what? it's not pp's fault that i got breast cancer, but, i should have been told, verbally, of the risk. they told me the risk of pregnancy...it would have taken a few seconds to tell me the risk of cancer. so i really don't care if pp gets defunded. poor women can get medicaid for birth control services in all states, and they can have a real doctor. you can also get free birth control from the pharmaceutical company. so that eliminates most of what pp does.
t3_4295bo-t1_cz8mb6h-cz8mi2a	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm actually still in treatment. i have breast cancer. i had benign tumors when i was 21, 22, and 24 that required lumpectomies and three different kinds of biopsies, but the malignant tumor and lymph node metastases weren't found until age 34. i'm currently 3/4 of the way through chemo. then i'm getting bilateral mastectomies with lymph node removals, 6 weeks of radiation, my ovaries removed, and various other iv and oral medications for ten years.
t3_2eyiv8-t3_2eyiv8-ck4bnoy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think placing a possible insult to plato made this post seem presumptuous, but fwiw there is very little refuting of plato from what i see.  it seems like it's more about how essentialism is applied in places where it should not be, i.e. things that defy complete mathematical definition.  this is much like how one can agree with marx without agreeing with many communist revolutionaries.  dawkins makes a good case for the idea that essentialism is a cognitive shortcut is situations in which we have placed categories on things which ultimately defy categorization.  gender is an excellent example.  is it defined by chromosomes?  prenatal conditions?  is it defined by the sexually dimorphic parts of the brain which are often inverted in transgender people?  how about a social construct?  it's all of those things.  as a result, one has to make a working definition for *every* context in which it is used.  "male" and "female" when talking about biology, sociology, and psychology are all completely distinct, and happen to have the same word, even though they obviously overlap when we sit on the top of the bell curve.  but that's not always the case, as any genderqueer person will tell you.  given that context is not a countable feature, being exact can be unbearably cumbersome, and one will eventually end up asking a question with no apparent relation to the situation.  for example, how often have you been asked about your y chromosome at a bar?  when someone asks me "are you a boy or a girl?"  i often sigh and shrug, because to answer properly i would need to respond with several questions of my own.  (i will use gender simply for a consistent analogy which i can competently describe, so please excuse my bias)  at the same time, we need to cut corners, make assumptions, and "round" to discrete benchmarks because our language is limited without the reasoning specified by dawkins.  it is reasonable for most intents and purposes, and assuming he is completely against it is black and white.  but one still needs to be aware of the assumptions being made.  the assumptions we make in any given situation vastly outweigh the information that is concretely discussed.  if we allow these "snapshots" of reality to exist in scientific language and in law without making reasonable qualifications, the effects can compound over time, and our quality of life can be diminished.  for example, we don't think much about the gender marker on our insurance forms often.  but what happens when a transgender woman needs treatment for breast cancer (yes, this is possible with hrt) and they are denied coverage because the gender marker is defined by chromosomes, while breast cancer risk is generally determined by hormones? (this is hypothetical, so pardon me if i am mistaken) suddenly, a harmless assumption is threatening someone's life.  in the case of race, the box you check on a form can affect your employment prospects, college acceptance rates, and many more.  maybe removing essentialism is not the best word.  being judicious in where and when we apply it is a different story.  it's ironic that dawkins "rounded" to the idea of removing it entirely for rhetorical reasons, though.  but much like myself, he is not a philosopher.
t3_3u7bhd-t3_3u7bhd-cxcq2lk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this article is an interesting look through time at the treatment of breast cancer, but i'd like to mention that the treatments they mention by people like barthélémy cabrol  in the 16th century were radical and failed experiments, and not normal standard treatments. standard treatment was to do nothing, because any type of surgery was dangerous previous to the 1930's, which was the time of the introduction of antibacterials, which made surgery much safer.  the definition of cancer and standard treatment of it is outlined in the common medical book "lexicon physico-medicum" by john quincy in the mid 18th century...  &gt; cancer is a round, lived, and blackish tumor, with turgid veins, resembling the feet of a crab, (tho' not always) from whence it takes it's name, and is hardly ever cured; it being the present fashion rather to let it alone than meddle with it, on account of the ill success which has hitherto attended the use and application of rough irritating medicines, which always cause it spread the farther, especially if unskillfully employed.  medicine was considered any type of treatment, including surgery.
t3_1pbzil-t1_cd14hte-cd16swy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer and she fought with everything she had for 10 months before it metastasized.     she continued fighting with every chemo she could for the remaining 7 months of her life, but nearly everyday she said that she wished she had died when they found it. she'd been through so much pain and misery and felt she was only living to die, and that's no way to live.    i'm sure it doesn't mean much to you, but you did the right thing.
t3_3kjpz9-t3_3kjpz9-cuy5jc0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7395	my nmother faked a heart attack because i received a 'c' in a class in my new selective and competitive middle school. this was in the middle of a nasty divorce with my edad. kind of a lot for an 11 year old to deal with, but you know, her child will not be anything less than the best!  she also straight up told me that the stress i was putting her under due to my "failing in school" (never received a grade lower than a 'c' in my life, again, at very competitive and selective schools) was aggravating her breast cancer. she stopped just short of saying i was literally killing her (found out later that it was non-invasive and about as non-life threatening as any cancer diagnosis could be) with my lack of perfection. again, i was 11-12 years old.  she also would walk around the house in just a t-shirt, with her ass clearly visible (friends, sheepishly, pointed this out to me several times), while my young friends were over. she would lay on the couch, to the point where her pubic hair was visible. its fucking disgusting to even think about.   that last one is something i have never admitted to anyone before, and it shames me as a man, even now, nearly 20 years later. it helps me to get it out there, to acknowledge that it was real, and to relate to others who have suffered similar, unconscionable abuse by those who should have protected us the most. i hope that this may help your wife and others who read it to not feel alone, and to be validated that this behavior was horrendous and unacceptable, as i have similarly gained a feeling of acceptance in reading the experiences of others.  the only thing that prevents me from breaking everything in sight in a rage at her completely repulsive and unacceptable actions (which has previously happened, on several occasions), is to realize how truly sick and deeply damaged she was.
t3_pty2s-t1_c3s9xag-c3scg1i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8248	please, please tell me more about this. i had stage 3 breast cancer 5 years ago and currently have narcolepsy. i am freelancing now and on my husband's work plan after paying close to $700 a month for cobra for over a year. we pay about $1100 a month for both of us on his plan and we need to insure our son but can't afford it right now. he has catastrophic only right now with a $5k deductible.
t3_30vutl-t1_cpwadu9-cpwag43	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	***analyzing itsating***  * comments per month: 35.7 *^i ^have ^an ^opinion ^on ^everything* * posts per month: 10.5  * favorite sub [teenagers](http://np.reddit.com/r/teenagers) * favorite words: really, you're, every * age 2 years 4 months  * profanity score 1% *^gosh ^darnet ^gee ^wiz* * trust score 110.5% *^tell ^them ^your ^secrets!*  * fun facts about itsating     * *"i've missed my last cake day last year too, i'm sorry :/."*     * *"i am surprised i killed more than one person this time, haha!"*     * *"i've heard of snicker's new mixtape."*     * *"i've recommended it to."*     * *"i've had family members diagnosed with actions stages of breast cancer and it doesn't look good for most of them."*     * *"i've never heard of that happening."*     * *"i've lasted was 6 hours."*     * *"i've done that with skype and facetime a lot."*     * *"i've only seen them being called samoas in hawaii, so that's why i noted that."*     * *"i am afraid of vomit."*     * *"i am willing to experience this again!!"*
t3_p1nga-t1_c3lxkim-c3lxpe2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* while he may not retain a conscious memory of the event, there's studies showing a correlation with lowered pain thresholds and a greater reliance on artificial coping mechanisms later in life. the trauma does bad things to a developing brain.   * you mistake my meaning with 'margin for error'. tiny baby genitals are far more likely to be fucked up by a 1-millimetre error, than full-sized adult ones.   * chances are he won't want to have it done anyway, so there'll be nothing to remember in the first place.   * if you can teach a kid to wipe their ass, you can teach them to wash their penis in the shower. and if you can't, then the stench of shit will easily overpower anything else anyway.   * there are plenty of things that might possibly need amputating later in life. why is the foreskin the only one you'd consider amputating pre-emptively? would you cut your daughter's breast buds off at birth just in case she needed a double mastectomy later in life? it might even save you a few bucks.
t3_4clh6q-t3_4clh6q-d1jq4bb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8373	hi there  i am very sorry that your family has gone through tragedy. i get that you are concerned about your own health.   i am no doctor and i have no experience with breast cancer. so i can't give you medical advice or first hand info about dealing with that specific cancer. but coming to /r/cancer daily i have noticed that this is already your third post about the same issue in just a few days. i don't mean this as a reproach. but it seems to me that you are very, very anxious about this all. it seems to me like if this question was spinning around in your head on and on and on. i hope you are not offended if i am wrong. it's just some feedback i wanted to give you. but it can be off as well, i know.  but if my observation is a little true: i don't know if it is wise to make such a drastic decision in this state of mind.   it seems like the advice you keep getting from various people is to do the brca testing and wait for the results before you decide on any further action. i would advice you to talk to a specialist about these results and discuss your options with him. i think that would be a good first step to take - and then you can go from there.   the questions i would ask if you test positive would be: is it certain that i will get cancer one day? how many percent of the women with this mutation get cancer? is it possible to prevent it by regular checkups/screenings?  only if i knew the answer to these questions, i would feel capable of making the decision. just my two cents. without - of course - being in your shoes. but i have had to make decisions about my cancer treatment in the past (going for a very radical approach or not?).  all the best to you!
t3_2lbg25-t3_2lbg25-cltih4q	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5914	my grandmother had been sick for months - she'd never been super healthy, and breast cancer hit her hard. eventually she began to waste away; her skin would tear like paper and she could barely get up. all she could do is sit and play bridge or watch tv. i last saw her in a february.        one night in june, i had a very strange dream. it was in a black void, featuring a figure not unlike the male figure on bathroom signs, surrounded by a pale circle. suddenly, the figure split into two copies, and one floated off. i woke up just knowing she was going to die soon. it was a definite and clear feeling. i tried to brush it off, but couldn't. the day after, i called her and asked if she was alright. she said she had a bridge game and had to go, love you, bye.       two days later, my dad called and she was in the hospital for sepsis. she fell asleep and never woke up.
t3_2qu1x9-t1_cna1ead-cna250g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7575	honestly no one knows how i got it. i woke up one day when i was in my early 20s with a slight swelling and horrendous pain. went to a care now type if place and they gave me antibiotics and said they didn't know what it was. it never started bothering me till i got older.  a good diet and exercise can help lymphedema but it will never go away again. it is very common for breast cancer survivors. some are actually born with it and others developed it some other way. you can control it but you will always have it once you get it.
t3_2id643-t3_2id643-cl17snu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i hit puberty i started getting stretch marks on my boobs. thanks to indiana sex ed, the only thing i was ever told about my boobs was that if there's something wrong with them, it's breast cancer. seriously, i was taught more about self breast exams when my age was barely in the double digits than anything about my body i'd be more likely to experience sooner.   i was so worried i had breast cancer i agonized over showing them to my mom to see what was wrong.   years later i learn what stretch marks are.   on a related note, when i hit puberty around 9 or 10 and i started getting more noticeable vaginal discharge, i thought it was syphilis or gonorrhea, since we children were told more about stds than normal bodily functions.
t3_2g19eo-t1_ckesu42-ckeyfhb	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	may not have known, but she's a 2nd generation breast cancer survivor.  if i remember right it happened in the late 2000's and she had a double mastectomy after finding out about it.  it was something like they had detected cancer in one breast, it was benign, but because her mother had had it and almost died, she just went full-tilt and had the double mast.
t3_2t9lvh-t3_2t9lvh-cnxl910	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6707	hi!  welcome and i agree, it sucks.  i was stage i but also had dcis and lcis in both breasts as well as numerous past biopsies and opted for a double mastectomy because i just wanted to be done with it.  love my new, perkier boobs.  haven't regretted the decision, going on 3 years.  not once.    agree with shezzam, it's ok to be scared.  it sounds like you have a great support network of friends and loved ones.  this is a time in your life when it is very helpful to let go and rely on them!  just don't expect them to be mind readers.  unless they've been there, they don't really know what you are going through or what you need.  i was amazed by how people stepped in and helped with even little things.  let them.   and be prepared for this to go slower than you want.  i wanted the cancer out now.  i wanted to be cured now.  seemed like all the scheduling and waiting and wondering took forever.  bc is a marathon, not a sprint.  with today's wonderful treatments, the odds are greatly in your favor.
t3_x0awr-t3_x0awr-c5i6akd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8	hang in there brother!  i had a nasty regimen for breast cancer several years back, and i have 2 tips for survival: keep eating and keep laughing.  stay awesome and big blessings.  (ps and yes you are wicked cute!  ^__^)
t3_3tgz2i-t3_3tgz2i-cxodw0n	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	in august i found a strange lump in my armpit and by september i was in chemo for stage 3, triple negative breast cancer that had spread to my lymph nodes.  chemo was devastating, both physically and emotionally.  my lovely daughter brought herself and her kids from canada to help me cope, do chores, drive me around when i can't and generally keep me alive. i am a full time job sometimes as i have weekly chemo and will till feb 19th.  the four of us live on my ssi gap payment of $197 (state provided till my ssi comes through) and $194 in food stamps.  i live in a house on a family owned (i dont have to pay rent, power, water, etc) working ranch/farm and i am very good at canning and making use of the gardens and fruit trees here but it is still so tight.   the boys have been uprooted, my daughter left her whole life to be here in the boonies with me and basically take care of me.  thanks to this sub, christmas will be lovely and having a lovely dinner will make it even better.  this will be the first one we have spent together since the boys were born so i am really working to make it awesome.    thanks so much for reading and to whomever wins, merry christmas!!!
t3_1xe2vo-t1_cfair8t-cfapa3q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6727	i was going to ask how long it took you to grow it that long. 3 years... wow! i'm growing mine out to donate which i committed to doing after hearing my mother's diagnosis of stage 2 breast cancer about 14 months ago. if i cut it as short as yours, i'd be able to donate only 10 inches, so i'm going to let it grow a bit more.
t3_2ehzwi-t3_2ehzwi-cjzzlce	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	some people can be such idiots...i understand they get uncomfortable talking about the cancer, but seriously, perks? free crap? i'd like to see how they'd feel if the roles were reversed!! i have breast cancer and just had my double mastectomy with reconstruction of tissue expanders (real implants have to wait for about one more year), and i had a few people say, "at least you'll get a free boob job!"...my response was, "well, something like that. i don't think having your nipple and areola removed, all of your breast tissue scooped out and an expander behind your muscle that will be expanded over the next few weeks before i start radiation is exactly a 'free boob job'. i think i could have responded better, but it just gets annoying. hang in there and know that there are a lot of people on here who understand or at least have a better understanding of what you're going through. some of the side effects feel like they're never going to end, but for me it slowly is getting better:) and i hope it will for you too!!! just reach out whenever you're feeling down or need to vent.  one more thing, stupidcancer.org has some good links, blogs and i even bought a few of their clothing items.
t3_40uaeq-t3_40uaeq-cyxdsnn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know why they couldn't use a stand in. they do it all the time. don't see why this would be any different.   i had breast cancer. blessings didn't change a thing. dr's were the answer.   people from church stressed me out almost more than having cancer did. get ready for them to say some horrid things. do your best to ignore it, you don't need that crap right now.
t3_2rye3s-t3_2rye3s-cnkh4bp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7636	(hugs) it isn't easy, i have chronic depression, just had surgery for breast cancer reconstruction (again); and my girls think that it's okay to say no and ignore me.   &gt;being a single parent to an almost 3 year old and every fucking time i do something that isn't aligned with their perception of me they want to comment how i am getting "sick".  is this your 3 year old saying this? i couldn't work it out, sorry! if it is, you gotta learn to recognise the kid's manipulation for what it is - an effort to control you and have what they want. they are cheeky little people, and at the end of the day, you are the parent and the grown up. you do know what's best. and there is always time out - my method, the buggers have to sit with their nose against a wall in eyesight of me. their time out only starts when they are quiet. it works, (hugs). it isn't easy being vulnerable to this type of illness, good luck, love and hugs!
t3_1g0knq-t3_1g0knq-cafmbgc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7552	there are other ways to sexually satisfy you other than intercourse. oral sex, manual manipulation, toys like the flesh light or [less expensive](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=myzmcpas-6k) alternatives are options. i don't know if she is interested in these as it sounds like she has her own issues. and incontinence does not make you feel all that sexy or even interested in sex. cancer is a major drag on the libido and some treatments only make it worse.  it sounds like she is still having issues physically with the treatment and its after effects. has she made the onc/gynecologist aware of how desperate the issue has become? does she feel the issue is as desperate as you do? suffering in silence is not good for her or your marriage. if she is just done with sex because her libido is gone or extremely low, then that's a different issue. i know nothing of your wife's cancer or its treatment, but low libido is treated as a secondary issue with vaginal applications of estadiol or e2 to ***breast cancer patients***. supposedly it is a safer version of hrt with the cardiac benefits and minimal risk. i've had so many recurrences, i don't take anything, but know several women for whom this has worked wonders on reintroducing their libido after much risk-weighing with the docs. is there something for vaginal cancer patients?  have you discussed this with her? is she aware how frustrated you are? i absolutely understand her side of this. i'm on recurrence number bazillion and am single. i will remain so almost certainly for the rest of my life. i have a rare breast cancer that between the bilateral mastectomy at 31, numerous surgeries, shit ton of chemo and radiation, have a chest that is repulsive. it is an open weeping wound and has been for 10+ years. i have lymphedema on the torso and under my arms. on bad days i wrap my chest in a feminine napkin to catch the drainage. there is nothing that can be done because the blood flow is negligible making healing a difficult proposition. and this is *16 years* after my fun started. reconstruction is only something i can dream of. a significant other is something i have come to accept is not something i will ever have again.   sexual side effects are rarely discussed in conjunction with cancer patients and their significant others. breast cancer patients often experience chemical menopause because of the chemo. bladder and prostate cancer patients almost certainly become impotent and incontinent. vaginal, cervical, breast and ovarian cancer patients can have wounds or vaginal dryness that makes sex only a dream no matter how much lubrication is used. i don't know the answer, but i would absolutely get in touch with the social worker for the oncology department where your wife got treatment and see what options are available.  in the mean time, why would you feel like a terrible person? sex is a natural and necessary part of life. there is nothing wrong with wanting to have sex and relieving some of that need with masturbation, porn, fantasy, whatever. it would be really nice if your wife could partake in these things with you, but if that is beyond her physically or emotionally right now and in the future, there is no reason for you to be deprived just because she can't partake.  cancer is such an all-encompassing disease that takes parts of your life that you never even imagined.  hugs to you and yours.  cc   edit: typos
t3_3rqdhb-t3_3rqdhb-cwqro7n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	man, this has made me imagine an arc where a social worker investigates the care of the ward bruce has taken under his wing, and bruce trying to cover up the batman-related stuff.    "so, mister wayne..."  "call me bruce."  "mister wayne. do you believe you are an appropriate caretaker for a young child? i belive it was only last year you, in a drunken stupor during the napier foundation's charity ball before the joker attacked, said to the gotham grab-bag, a newspaper... 'i'll nevar have children, so long as i've got me some fun times to have'!"  "i was foolish to say that, and seeing it in the paper made me re-evaluate my life choices. and on hearing of young master dick's situation... it reminded me of my own childhood traumas, and i offered to help."  "quite. well, i appreciate your reasoning, mister wayne, but quite frankly, our records show your life to be a dangerous one, and you're quite unsuited for childcare."  "your meaning?"  "december 26th. kidnapped by the christmas kringler to lure batman out of hiding. february 2nd, attacked during a charity ball for breast cancer awareness. march 13th, stabbed in the shoulder by a mugger who got away. march 14th, ended up getting your entire right arm replaced during surgery with a biosynthetic regrowth. may 18th, witnessed a explosion in your head office, causing you to suffer minor bruising. june 1st, apparently was teleported to the watchtower for unknown reasons? it was zeta tube transport anyway. july 31st, watched a zorro movie, fell down sobbing in your home, and you tweeted sufficient disturbing messages that police were dispatched to ensure you weren't commiting suicide. mister wayne, you are not *fit* to rear a child. you are an admirable man. a good man. but your life is too dangerous, and your traumas too great at this time. and i do not believe young richard grayson wants to suffer another father figure dying suddenly."  "... uh..."  *dick grayson in robin gear is standing behind her*  *she looks behind and sees him.*  "oh. so.. you're batman then, mister wayne?"  "yeah. i'm training the kid to control his impulse for revenge. to prevent him going... well... like all the costumed supervillains in gotham."  "... there are so many things wrong with this, but i'm going to faint now."  *thud*
t3_18o6t6-t3_18o6t6-c8gypn3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't have melanoma - i have breast cancer - but i had to have an axillary lymph node dissection to check for spread during my bilateral mastectomy. first, the doctors injected a radioactive tracer into my breast to identify the node that would be first to receive drainage. that was pretty minor - the needle sticks were a little painful, but someone told me that i could ask for lidocaine in the radioactive solution, which i did, and i didn't have any stinging or discomfort. see if you can ask about that if you're worried it might sting. that was the day before my surgery.  after the node was removed, i had a drain in my armpit. that was truthfully was the worst part of the whole thing. i also had numbness, like others have mentioned, but because i had a double mastectomy the numbness goes all the way across my chest and into the other armpit, too. it's not so bad though! at first it felt like being in the dentist's office, but now i don't even notice it.  the whole node procedure was a piece of cake and i know you'll do just fine.  hope this helps.
t3_49fg3c-t3_49fg3c-d0smk78	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7983	i avoided mammograms out of fear for years.  thank goodness i got over that because i had breast cancer.  if you do have a lump like that the only way to really know if it is cancer is for them to do a biopsy.    the tests aren't that bad.  especially not the mammogram, they squish your boobs down for a sec, take a pic and then it's over.  no big deal.  i had several biopsies and that was harder than the mammogram.   the way they should do this is:  mammogram -&gt; ultrasound -&gt; biopsy.  then they know for sure if you have a cancerous tumor or a benign tumor.  i hope it's benign for your sake!  but even if it's not don't panic they have gotten much better at treating breast cancer.
t3_2hfowo-t3_2hfowo-cksjl8z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ohhh god, afraid to enter the comments, here. bracing myself. i'm just going to pray that this brave person doesn't have to switch towns under an avalanche of rape threats from those driven insane with offense at someone having the gall to suggest that systematic harassment of women is a problem.   by the way, this sam pepper guy, whoever he is, made "mras" look *awful*. and that's a pretty low bar to crawl under. way to blatantly demonstrate the typical "men's rights" rhetoric as the transparent, reactionary ploy that it is more often than not. this false-equivalency bullshit has become little more than a defensive smokescreen for ones hatred of and "right" to behave horribly towards women, both online and in the street.   you want to talk about "men's rights" and "double standards"? fine, as this young woman said, it's a serious issue. it is not, in any way, a *counterpoint* to the systematic harassment, assault, and denigration of women. if your concern really is with men's rights, and not with some ax you have to grind with women and/or feminism, then stop treating it as a disingenuous false flag in this context! jesus! that would be like a fundraiser for als research going over to the breast cancer awareness boards to crow about how much worse als is than breast cancer. you don't do that kind of shit if you actually give a shit about your cause, you do that kind of shit if what you care about is tearing someone else's down (or backpedaling to cover your ass, in this guy's case).
t3_4m7nx2-t3_4m7nx2-d6k0rv8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	to /u/blainejennifer and /u/stressielu:  thank you both for your information a few months back.  after her mastectomy she had zero appetite and lost around 50 lbs in a period of a few months, and this resulted in her being too weak to have treatments. she was admitted to the hospital where they attempted to get her strength up.   although we remained positive and kept in touch with mom as she  battled this motherfucker of a disease, she succumbed to it on the 27th. it was a very aggressive form that eventually spread to her lungs and caused breathing troubles. coupled with her lack of appetite and low strength, it was too much.  but again, thank you both for replying and offering words of encouragement and positivity. it is much appreciated.
t3_1j3hy3-t3_1j3hy3-cbaysue	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7406	i kept finding myself on the wrong side of the numbers until recently.  when first noticed a lump i was told that its only cancer 20 percent of the time.  it was cancer.  then i was told its only triple negative cancer 10-15% of the time, its an aggressive cancer with bad stats on longterm survival, i came up triple negative.  then i came up brca 1 positive which means i had an 85% chance of developing breast cancer and a 66% chance of developing ovarian cancer, oh joy.  so i sought out the most aggressive treatment possible and have lopped all possible killer body parts off and i received a complete pathological response which only happens about 12% of the time.  i now live with a less than ten percent chance of it coming back.  i choose to look at it as a 90% chance that i kicked cancers ass to the curb for good.  so my long winded point is, even when the numbers look bad in the beginning things can still turn out good.  btw i suck at math.
t3_2pnrdv-t3_2pnrdv-cmyyvz1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have stage 3a breast cancer that was discovered in september of this year. i have been told the same. that it spread to my lungs and my liver. however after a ct it was just inflammed nodules on my lungs and a collection of blood vessels on my liver. surgery removed the lump and i just did my second chemo treatment today. truthfully i feel sick. but i also feel like it will really help me. i also do alternative things like sour sop tea and change of diet. i'm sorry they waited to figure this all out...but she isn't down for the count yet. maybe suggest chemo along with alternative methods...it is possible. don't be mad if she refuses. respect her discussion. chemo makes you sick temporarily but it helps in the long run. i will keep her in my thoughts. best of luck to her
t3_47k3pc-t1_d0dxyhy-d0efk06	breast_cancer	relevant	0.749	my mum used to be a geriatric cancer care nurse. she told me once about a lady who'd got terminal breast cancer. they were way past the treatment phase and it was a case of trying to make her comfortable in her last days. the lady lasted a hell of a lot longer than anyone thought possible. the tumors had spread around her chest and were almost meeting at her back. poor lady was in constant agony but never complained.   it turns out she was holding on because she had a small farm with a few horses, couple of sheep, a cow, etc. she'd lived on her own her entire life and had mentioned to my mum a few times, 'i never needed a man in my life - i have everything i need'..   the day she managed to secure a home for her last animal, she passed away. that whole time in hospital, no one had come to visit her.   you apparently learn to compartmentalise a lot of the things you have to deal with as a nurse, but sometimes, some situations smash through your mental defences and pierce straight through your heart. that one is going to stay with my mother for the rest of her life.
t3_49pykh-t1_d0ug8up-d0uhiop	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	eh. and some dudes balls retract completely/almost completely when aroused. whatever the reason idk if i'd drop everything to probe at potentially embarrassing questions just because. i mean, it's their play equipment so you go by their rules when using it, and if they don't have specific instructions then i'd just go with it.  i mean, if you were getting busy with a woman and as she is undressed you notice that she's had a mastectomy or two - do you stop and start asking a bunch of potentially awkward questions - did she have cancer? was she at high risk of cancer? did someone close to her die of breast cancer which is why she lost her her mom and her boobs at the same time? was there another reason for the mastectomy? how long ago did it happen? what cup size was she before it? does she miss them? would she ever get implants? i mean, *really*... if you can notice the situation then you can get a grasp of what happened without quizzing them, and maybe they were just born to have a completely flat chest (or no testicles), maybe they had cancer, maybe they had them injured or removed for some other reason but is it really *that* big of a deal? is slaking your curiosity more important than someone else's comfort?  if it's a once off thing i wouldn't even pay it any mind unless they chose to bring it up themselves, and if it's in a relationship then either they would have told you already or - were too embarrassed to talk about it (so probably a bad time to bring it up if they have been completely terrified of the moment you find out), they just don't care about it at all/they have moved on from it (in which case if you spend a lot of time focusing on it then you'll probably end up just pissing them off), or they want to see what kind of person you're *really* like (in which case if you're going to bring it up in the moment then you'd damn sure better do it for something a little more selfless than idle curiosity.)
t3_30xdzt-t1_cpwqrpk-cpwrlys	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think a single document from the oncologist (sp, and right position?) would be enough to show "yeah i have breast cancer" to me, and subsequent off days would be, at least in my view, "excused".   edit: girl i knew faked having cancer back in university.
t3_2ta2t2-t3_2ta2t2-cnxpqd9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not a doctor. my mother started to notice her breasts were sore for no reason one day. she thought she bruised them in her sleep somehow and ignored it. over the weeks it only got worse. she went to the doctor and they diagnosed her wit mastitis, and gave her antibiotics. the antibiotics ran out and the symptoms did not go away. after a few weeks of hoping the problem would just go away with time, she reluctantly returned to the doctor. this time the doctor found a lump,  but insisted it was probably a calcified milk duct. they took their time doing a biopsy. when the biopsy came back, they said it was cancer, but not to worry,  because it was caught early and highly treatable. a few tests later, they diagnosed her with inflammatory breast cancer. ibc is one of the rarest and most aggressive forms of breast cancer. no lumps (until it gets into the lymph nodes), cannot be detected by a mammogram, and doesn't show any symptoms until stage 3. the early symptoms are the same as mastitis, so it is often misdiagnosed,  giving the cancer time to spread. the average life expectancy after diagnosis is about 6 months. my mom lasted about 2 and a half years. i wanted to post this as a warning to women: you can still have breast cancer even if there are no lumps, and you have normal mammograms. if you have unexplained bruises, redness, swelling, tenderness, and/or a dimpled "orange peel" appearance of the breast, see a doctor immediately! don't put it off. it is possible to survive it if you act fast.
t3_2r3qhj-t3_2r3qhj-cnc97ha	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey confused, i'm sorry that you and your mother have had to go through this. glad to hear she's doing so well though! i had genetic testing, including brca1/2, at 29 when i was diagnosed with breast cancer. you're right that knowing your status still doesn't give you many great options, increased surveillance and prophylactic mastectomy being the two main ones medicine currently has to offer. you can also be negative for a brca mutation and still get breast cancer young, which happened to be my case. there is no perfect answer, sadly. please pm me if you'd like to talk about it more, or want to ask questions!
t3_g8ert-t3_g8ert-c1lqiln	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5193	i had a gf in college that had a scare with breast cancer and had a lump removed.  the scar was around the areola but she would not let me see it for a couple months because she thought it made her "defective".  once she realized that all i wanted to do was play with her boobs she got over it.  but we had a couple talks about what she went through and that made her relax.
t3_16hge1-t1_c7waimo-c7wdic2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fair enough. sorry if i came off as an ass, but she pisses me off to no end, so anytime i hear anything in defense of her (which is almost no time) i get pretty on edge.   she doesn't take care of her kid at all, and bitches when she's forced to anything for the two new twins. my aunt almost always does everything for them, and she had breast cancer while doing it. add to this that all 7 of them (aunt, uncle, mrs. w and mr. w, and the 3 kids) live in a 2 bedroom 800 sq. ft. home with about 4 dogs as well. it just hits me as insane.  what really bothers me is the oldest little girl (lelu, lets call her) is a great little girl. well mannered (when she's around responsible adults) seems fine - except for the fact that she won't talk at all. she's about 3 now, i think, and she just doesn't talk that much at all. at family gatherings, lelu will sit in a chair and just stare at a room, not making eye contact with anyone, etc. it just seems like she gets zero personal interaction with anyone, ever. you try talking to her, and she's so shy she just doesn't know how to act. it breaks my heart, because mrs. worthless and mr. worthless's laziness is going to ruin that kid's life.
t3_q3shh-t1_c3uqpl0-c3uqtj3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm right there with you, man (or lady). on one hand, it does a lot of good, and it protects a lot of the people who need medical care (children and pregnant women). but there's a huge population of people who aren't covered.   this is a little off-topic but i'm not doing anything else, so here goes: tennessee used to have a much more comprehensive state insurance program called tenncare. we use the terms tenncare and medicaid interchangeably for the same program now, but tenncare used to be its own thing. pretty much, if you were uninsured and needed insurance and fit into some very generous financial guidelines, you could get on it. which was awesome for uninsured people, but tn was spending a ton of money. the legislature decided it wasn't worth funding, so they dis-enrolled virtually everyone from the program.   so now, its limited to a very specific group of people. in order to qualify for medicaid (in tn, every state is a little different) you have to fit into one of these five categories and meet the financial guidelines for each.  1. children under 18, or young adults up to 21 2. pregnant women 3. single parent caretakers of minor children (that "deprivation" thing from my other comment) 4. children and adults who are disabled and get ssi 5. women with active breast or cervical cancer. this is only through the health department, and it only covers cancer treatment. men with breast cancer are not eligible for this program. last year i had a male client with breast cancer who had been denied and was reapplying. i was absolutely shocked when i was told that he didn't qualify because he's male. i sent emails all the way up to the commissioner, got told exactly the same thing from everyone all the way up the chain.   in conclusion, i need a new job.
t3_2gi1e3-t3_2gi1e3-ckjcbkx	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7396	i have a history of breast cancer.  about a month ago, i found a new lump under one arm. i had it checked out by a doctor about two weeks ago, who said it didn't feel suspicious, but that it should still get imaged.  last week, i went in for a mammogram. today they called to say i need additional, follow-up mammography and ultrasounds on both sides because of small areas on both sides that are "questionable".  i am not telling anyone, anything, because i'm just not going to worry anyone at this point. it's not worth worrying my friends/family if it turns out to be cancer (again) until we know more about it. my so (and others) might be upset that i am withholding this information but better they should be upset if they find out i withheld (and they won't, unless it turns out to be something) rather than anxious. i'll just hold onto that anxiety for everyone until the results come back.
t3_3h6n4t-t1_cu4tk44-cu4txhd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	which is itself not black and white (technically it's usually white). asbestos doesn't cause cancer as long as it gets to sit around undisturbed. but when you, oh i don't know, hire a crew to remove it, it ostensibly turns into a death cloud. there are other factors which can create similar conditions as that but by and large if you don't mess with it, it doesn't mess with you.  the effects of radon gas, as popularly distributed, have also been wildly exaggerated before anyone tries to take it there.  education is at the heart of this. every time i've talked to someone who has undergone a medically necessary lifestyle change they are *utterly shocked* at what they've been putting in their bodies. the amount of salt, fat, sugar, all of it. they don't have any idea until a doctor tells them they have to start monitoring it. and when they do, they find out that they're basically allowed to eat salad and drink water and occasionally buy some fresh chicken breast which they cooked themselves in no flavoring whatsoever. but a good deal of it is because there's too much salt in *everything*, too much fat in *everything* and too much sugar in *everything*. it's the same reason we have such a high acetamenophen od rate in this country; it's artificially added to *everything* and no one realizes it until they start to have liver problems.
t3_1146ob-t1_c6j86l5-c6j8oms	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'd really like to second the breast cancer is crazy overfunded point. if you're focused on cancer, i fully support that, but i'd like to really really encourage you to donate/bring attention to another type of cancer. this summer, i had an internship doing breast cancer research but the internship was part of larger cancer biology program and i went to a talk about the current state of cancer research as a whole which included a figure on funding compared to deaths of various cancers. breast and prostate cancer far outstrip all other cancers. i unfortunately don't have that figure, otherwise i would share it with you, but ever since i went to that talk i've been more aware of the marketing, if you will, of breast cancer, and there really are pink ribbons fucking everywhere. i would suggest choosing a non-gendered cancer (breast cancer occurs in men but obviously at much higher rates in women, and prostate cancer is clearly male only thing) - personally, i would vote for either lung cancer, because it has pretty low survival rates and people with lung cancer get blamed for bringing it on themselves much more than another cancer even though most lung cancer patients didn't bring it on themselves any more than breast, or any other, cancer patients, or stomach cancer because my favorite math teacher, who was otherwise the most fit, healthiest person i personally knew, died from stomach cancer this spring after a short, horrible fight - for most of his battle, he couldn't even eat normally because his body couldn't handle most foods. imagine dying, and knowing that you're dying, and not even being able to at least eat what you want. so fuck cancer in general, but fuck lung and stomach cancer in particular.  sorry that got really long.
t3_1ojct7-t3_1ojct7-ccsqaml	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6721	the "i love boobies" and "save the tatas" campaigns for breast cancer awareness are ridiculous and offensive.   all they do is attract attention to the most irrelevant part *of* the disease, thus misdirecting the "awareness" part of it all, and more often than not, *in my own personal experience*, it just gives guys another reason to get associated with breasts. because. heh boobs. look. i have a bracelet. and it says boobies.  breast cancer is virtually no different than any other cancer. it's a disease that needs to be treated and cured. the fact that it's in the breast should have no sway in how much attention gets put on it, compared to other forms of cancer.   i've known 4 women that have suffered from breast cancer, my mother included, and one thing remained common with all of them. after all the grueling therapy and the chemo and the treatments, the last thing on their minds was "i just wish i had my tits back".
t3_q2wdl-t3_q2wdl-c3ucs6c	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i really don't care if i get downvoted, here it goes:  i have cancer. i have a very "curable" form of breast cancer in the early stages. when they offered me surgery to remove it, i said fuck that. i have been juicing and taking supplements to get rid of it. the lump was 2.5cm and now i don't even feel it. within the week i will have testing to see my progress to see if it is gone.   a man i know also had stage 4 hodgkin's lymphoma. he started doing alternative treatment and 4 months later he was cured and the doctor could find no sign of the cancer in his system at all.   i know of many people being sent home to die and put on hospice when they used all conventional methods. they started alternative cancer treatments and are still alive to talk about it today.   there are many people who cure their cancer with alternative methods and have never once stepped foot into a doctor's office to take any kind of cancer curing regiments prescribed by conventional medicine. an even greater amount of people have survived terminal diagnosis with alternative cancer therapies and are alive to talk about it.   it is a condition that is a result of many different environmental causes, the effects of which can be reversed.   edit: just for whatever confirmation, when i get the results back from my tests i will post them on this thread just for whoever is curious about it.
t3_46tud3-t3_46tud3-d0859fi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a guy is interested in you, but you reveal you had a double mastectomy due to breast cancer and haven't had reconstruction.   scenario one: "i'm sorry, you're a great girl, but i can't handle that."  scenario two: "ew. you're flat chested? well, i'm not gay, i need boobs in my life."   do you see the difference?
t3_14v7n2-t3_14v7n2-c7gvcb0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was supposed to be an ichthus but i was asked by several people why it wasn't pink(thinking it was a breast cancer ribbon. originally it was just the outline but that was so bad he tried to fill it in to fix it and it didn't get much better.  it would have been an easy cover up but i didn't want anything too big or conspicuous. the pain is about the same as when it went on... just a little worse (unless they numb it). it's like a rubber band snapping every time the laser pulses.
t3_4bqzxj-t3_4bqzxj-d1btuw5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6724	i've been wondering this myself for the past year and half or so, but felt to bad about it to say anything... my nmom has definitely had some serious conditions in the past, but she seems to be claiming a new one all the time. she has told imy family and i that she was told she was about to die more times than i can count. we know that she has had breast cancer and ovarian cancer maybe 10 years ago, but she claimed stage 4 liver cancer a few years ago, then stage 4 skin cancer, then stage 4 intestinal cancer, none of which she went for treatment, she never left the house to go to the doctors, and whenever she was angry she would yell "everyone knows there's know stage 5, so why are you fighting me". then she started claiming she had something called mrsa, which i had never heard of at the time, but she said it was "impossible to cure, and the doctors had given up on her". i don't think doctors can do that? and then a few weeks later she said that she cried to her nurse, and told her that she loved her children too much to die, and then her doctors magically jumped back on her case and cured her, just in the nick of time. i don't really know what to think.
t3_nvw8a-t3_nvw8a-c3ccecd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i read most of this. but then i got pissed off. sorry. mitochondria are not cell first off. second, we have targeted the metabolic pathway for decades. the problem is that tumors can use both pathways for their metabolism. it is true they prefer glycolysis but they can switch between the two. we can cure specific types of cancer in mice. hell, i have cure breast cancer in mice if that is the test. but humans are different stories as every patient is different.   another big problem is that there are slow dividing cancer stem cells that do not prefer glycolysis metabolically. a cancer stem cell's "stem cellness" is a debated topic but the fact that they exist is not. they are the cells that often cause metastasis or recurrences of cancer. the cancer stem cell is a target of much research right now to figure out how to target also. with that aside the the article is total bullshit. it is not being ignored but it way more complicated than the article suggests. it is aimed at getting more money and is akin to propaganda.   edit: for more info it is called the warburg effect http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/warburg_effect#oncology
t3_1szi5o-t3_1szi5o-ce2ubvj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the seminal ideas that i try to impart to my children every day of their lives...  the things that make the world a better place and us better humans living in it.  those are the things that raoc stand for, for me.   we have tried to teach our children a way of life, and the way to live that life is one of everyday giving.  of seeing that the person ahead of you in line that just needs a couple more dollars to pay for milk and eggs so you put back your candy bar.  of always stopping to help someone carry a bag or to remember your shut in neighbors at holidays.  that each person you come into contact with will carry away with them a piece of you and that you want those pieces to be the best pieces they can be.   the last couple years have been rocky for my family, but we have kept up our spirit of giving, exchanging monetary giving for that of our time.  our middle son especially, who is special needs, we try to impart in him that in order for the world to treat him kindly, he needs to put kindness into the world.   this year, in the last couple months, on top of my sons illness hospitalizing him several times, i had a wreck, got a blood clot, had a stroke, got news i have the breast cancer gene and need to decide what to do, and have had 2 surgeries to save me from going totally deaf because of a destructive pressure problem.   we pretty much had hit the bottom of the barrel.   a wonderful redditor , knowing my budget after medical bills didn't include christmas this year, directed me to raoc and i have to admit, my expectations were low.  i posted, feeling sheepish and self indulgent.  like asking for something for my kiddos was wrong and we didn't deserve it because we still have a roof over our heads.    the kindness and depth of honest emotion that i have witnessed over the last month here has shown me just how wrong i was.  people aren't judging.  they aren't comparing my medical woes to someone elses job crisis to someone elses court drama.     in the eyes of all the santas and requestors, christmas is a day to set all of that aside and just be happy.   everyone deserves the gift of christmas, togetherness, community, ... all those things we try and practice everyday.  raoc makes it happen.
t3_4zqaaf-t1_d6y0jrw-d6y9tez	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt; even fat making scans or detection more difficult  this is what happened to my aunt.  she was a very large woman, and the way she discovered her breast cancer was when she bent over at an unusual angle and felt something hard in her breast.  by the time she was diagnosed, she was stage 4 and she died less than 6 months later.  if she had been a healthy weight, they likely would have caught it in time to save her life, as they estimate she had it for about 10 years.  a couple months after her death, my mom, who is overweight and very out of shape was also diagnosed with stage 4 cancer.  we're lucky, she is 100% cancer free right now, but it was a very long and hard recovery (an 8-hour surgery, followed two days later by a heart attack) and she is so much better now, and healed up from the surgery, but still very weak and with basically no muscle at all from the long years of being sedentary.  i have no doubt she would be recovered by now, and likely would not have had the heart attack, if she had not been in such poor physical condition.
t3_1klcgi-t3_1klcgi-cbqbhh8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7601	my parents always told me about my birth mother since i was little, they answered every question i had, when they figured i was to young to hear the answer, they waited a couple of years to bring it up again, and i am very glad they did so. anyways, i'm a 21yo female now, going to college to get my graphyc design degree, freelancing in the mean time, i'm doing pretty good, never been rich or anything, but i've had a good life.  now, to answer your question, i hadn't made a move to try and contact my birth mother yet, but a couple of years ago, one of my biological sisters (two years younger than me) contacted me trough facebook, i did meet her in person and we got along great, later on i found out my mother tried to adopt her as well, but my birth mother didn't allow it, she said giving me up was already to hard to give another one up too.  i don't think i want to contact my birth mother, though, the reason for that is that she has turned obsesive over me, she has been going around in my hometown (i don't live there anymore) harrassing my family to get information on where i am, my older sister turned obsesive too, sending me fb messages telling me how much se missed me and she wanted to get her sister back and she would do anything she can to make that happen. to be honest, it scared me a little, i'm not closed to the idea of having some sorth of relation with her, but it got to a point where i'm going to file for a restraining order so they stop harassing my family and myself. that's just not the way you want to get in contact with your biological daughter.  looking back at them, i am so grateful my parents adopted me... it might sound cruel, but i really don't want the life that my biological mother and sisters have, the oldest one never finished college, she is a mother of two in an abusive relationship, the youngest one is now a teen mother (she's barely 18) with a guy twice her age, she met him trough her mother because they were friends.. and my biological mother is so obsesed with me that she neglects her two younger sons..  she did actually sent me a letter a few years back, she was having spinal surgery because of a car crash (she was on the phone with no seatbelt on), and actually admited to being so obsesed over me, that she couldn't love my siblings as much as she'd like, which i find incredibly sad.. how different would their lives be if she had given them up for adoption too? how different would my life be if i hadn't been adopted?  lately i've had second thoughts about actually meeting her, i found out that she has breast cancer, she ignored the lumps untill it was very advanced, so if i want to meet her this could be my last chance.. i still don't know what to do.  sorry for the walltext, but i've been carrying this for quite some time, and i guess this was my perfect chance to vent. thanks reddit.  **tl;dr:** my birth mother has breast cancer and is obsesed with me, neglecting her other children. i don't know if i should meet with her or not.
t3_g2wgg-t1_c1kiz6p-c1kj9e7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not to be pedantic, but breast cancer awareness month is october. i know this because i had to shoot photography for ubermany breast cancer awareness stories that month. pink everywhere. &gt;:|
t3_24nvo8-t3_24nvo8-ch99fb7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i always thought i wanted boobs. when i was in school and other ladies were blossoming, i was not. i was constantly made fun of... i got called a walking 2x4, mosquito bites, and so on and so forth. well, her i am 28 and two kids later. i breastfed both my babies so my breasts have fluctuated greatly in size over the years. i stand at 5'2 and 103 lbs. i have never had boobs without the help of motherhood hormones. i love the idea of wearing clothes that women can wear and not in the junior section. i love the idea of sexy bras and lingerie. however, now that i'm older, i'm not sure i care if i have big boobs or not.  edit: also, breast cancer runs in my family. i would hate to have a boob job only to find out i have cancer and opt for a mastectomy.
t3_2kr2a-t1_c2kwm2-c2kwy6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, of course you're not, because you think jews control the world and hate us. go fuck yourself. and for the rest of you trying to encourage this turd to moderate his views and join some masked anti-semitism can also go fuck yourselves. yes, i am a zionist. zion zion zion zion, deal with it. i believe jews have a right to a homeland. and guess what, you people never gave us one for thousands of years. you decided to shove us in villages, pogroms, and camps, and one day we said that's bs and we made our own country. and today we've got a military which can kick anyone's ass, and we have learned not to listen to your silent pleas, your silly pleas for us to give up our land, our people, and our lives. you're all the same with your hateful views and conspiracy theories against jews. "stop iran war"??? oh, god forbid we stop a country which may acquire a nuclear weapon and committ a second holocaust. no, let's hide in our little progressive shell of cowardice and ignore such hatred in the world so we can have our stupid hippy solstice gatherins and bash bush and pretend there is no evil but the big usa. well, wake up, and how about spending less hate against israel and jews and realizing the real threat out there is iran, is north korea, etc. bush may suck as a president, but most people (including democrats in congress) agree that iran is a threat. sure, we fucked up iraq, but how about stop joining the hateful sheep and trying to understand what's different about iran. do you even have any sense of how scared israelis are about iran? oh, but you don't care. why should you? no one has cared. no one has ever, ever cared about how many jews are in danger. that's just not how it works. and guess what, you're no different. you're just another spec of dust in history which proves our point: the jews are hated. you're just another hateful one. and there will be many millions more after you just as there have been millions before you. trust me, it gets old. but it's part of the territory having to deal with this bs. go on, be noble, prevent war with iran. and when they drop a bomb on israel, you'll shrug and think to youself, oh well, it's just jews. yes, just jews, those annoying hook nosed pricks who happen to have won 1/3 of nobel prizes, who happen to have discovered cures to numerous diseases including polio and breast cancer treatments, those annoying jewy jew faces who just happened to have created the world's most well-loved entertainment industry with their timeless films, those useless, dirty jews who just happened to have discovered and theories of relativity and changed science as we know it (einstein ring a bell). yes, those useless, pussy jews who've developed all of the modern computers chips you use - who designed the cell phone - who developed the most successful desert water hydroponics - who drafted the declaration of human rights (oh, no, jewish lawyers) - who wrote a majority of award winning broadway musicals and film scores - who have produced the greatest violinists the world has ever known - who pioneered psychology as we know it today (see freud) - who pioneered the most revolutionary philosophies the world has known (marx, spinoza, trotsky... yes, those no good, conspiracy-ridden jews, who introduced monotheism and the very value of human life to modern civilization... why not, let's let iran bomb them to the stone age. i mean, who cares? better them than iran. after all, iran has made oh so many contributions to world civilization, right? well, maybe not. but they're not jews. so let's let them attack that shitty little country in the middle east. forget all of the contributions jews have made to the world. we'll make those contributions without them. yes, i love the way hateful people think.
t3_24qkwm-t1_ch9sbi3-cha281f	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i did the same with my dad. he'd been an alcoholic pretty much all my childhood and was an absolute dick all the time. my best friend from then even hates him because she was over so much and she'd see how much of a shithead he was. so many nights would be spent with my mam and dad screaming at each other. my mam had breast cancer and nice my dad and i were joking about my eighteenth birthday as we walked back from my camogie match. he said that he'd be playing pranks on me all day and i said my mam wouldn't let him. he turned to me and said that she wouldn't be alive at that point. i was fucking eleven and had just been told that my mam was going to die before my eighteenth birthday on the street. i cried the whole way home and when my mam found out what had happened she screamed at him for an hour and kicked him out. when i was 12 her cancer spread in the worst way possible and left her in a wheelchair.   at that point we had moved into my dad's old house and tried to live as normal a life as we could. the fighting never stopped despite how sick my mam was. i've inherited her way of dealing with stuff and i know she could definitely be irrational but he should not have been fighting back she was fucking dying of cancer. they fought so much one week that my mam decided while we were visiting my granny, her mam, that she wasn't going back to his house. we went back to my childhood house and made the best of our situation there. my mam had carers coming in to look after her and we seemed to be doing okay. then she let my dad come back and it got shit again. one day he called me in to her room and asked me which of my family members i'd like to live with if my mam died. i was shocked and automatically said my granny since she was the person i had always stayed with if my mam was in hospital for treatments or whatever. he told me that i couldn't stay with my granny. so i said my aunty that i was closest to. he said i couldn't stay with her either. he then said i should probably go live with my uncle who lives in the country about an hour and a half drive away from my friends my school and everything i knew. he actually rang my uncle up and asked him if it would be okay for me to go live with him when my mam died which had my uncles wife ringing up my mam in tears.   eventually my mam was admitted into a hospice shortly after my thirteenth birthday and i went to live with, guess who, my granny. when my mam died i stayed with my granny and i've been living with her ever since. my dad never even tried to stay in contact with me. he just occasionally sent money for a birthday or christmas present which stopped when i was fifteen. my mam left me the house in her will and left him all the money in all her accounts, including the money from her car which she had sold. even then my dad wasn't satisfied and was going to go to court to gain a portion of the house unless he didn't have to pay child support. we just gave up on that fight and he never paid child support. he also nearly kidnapped my puppy because during the whole funeral planning and mourning we hadn't had the chance to sort out the dog as well and he just took her. if my uncle hadn't bumped into him with my dog he'd probably still have her.   tl;dr my dad was an alcoholic who fought with my cancer ridden mother, tried to get a portion of my house, told eleven year old me that she was going to die and tried to steal my dog
t3_14q65c-t3_14q65c-c7fsi4r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	from my gf (i'm her reddit translator): i thought i had breast cancer for the longest time i would cry at night lol turns out i was just getting boobs and that it was normal to have knot like glands develop lol
t3_ymkc0-t1_c5y53pq-c5ya2jn	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i get talkitive and hyper when i drink. i didn't find out what was wrong with me until 2007. i had breast cancer (all better 6+years)  and the chemo seemed to kick in my predisposition to narcolepsy. i thought i was just run down from chemo for like a year. i found out later that i used to fall alseep at my former job all the time - i had no idea. scary. i was still getting treatment then so my coworkers just let me sleep thinking it was a side effect of the chemo. when i did find out what was wrong my neurologist forbade me from driving for a year. that really sucked. i have actually had cataplexy and sleep paralysis since i was a teenager so i have always had an issue - i just didn't know what it was. i used to fall down a lot. i just thought i had weak ankles. i also did have a few passing out episodes too but this was the 80s so i guess they didn't really understand what was going on. i also didn't sleep very much then. i was always the last person to fall asleep and the first person to wake up. it drove my friends nuts.  i fought my diagnosis of narcolepsy for ages so i have read about it a lot. narcolepsy is a disorder of histamine which regulates sleep. i think cateplexy is your body paralyzing you as it would when you are asleep (same as night paralysis). in all of my sleep studies i never went into deep sleep even at night. i would fall asleep within minutes and stay in dream sleep. not getting deep sleep is one of the reasons they prescribe ghb for people who have bad cateplaxy (http://www.macalester.edu/academics/psychology/whathap/ubnrp/narcolepsy04/treat_new.html).  have you had surgery since you found out you had narcolepsy?  i find that i feel amazing after surgery because anesthesia allows me to actually sleep. i have woken up during surgery though. scared the shit out of the doctor lol. i don't remember it.   all pain medicine makes me hyperactive and not be able to sleep. there's good and bad in that lol.  do you have bad allergies? mine are bad to where i get shots for them now. i think the provigil may make them worse because it actually acts on histamine and is not just speed. i am a fucking maniac on ritalin and i can just sleep on adderall - it literally had no effect. on ritalin i'm like a manic squirrel. i can sleep on it too though but it does help. weird.  if i had found out about narcolepsy earlier i would have studied neurology. it's fascinating. i am a programmer now though and i enjoy it and i don't have to drive. driving scares the shit out of me even though i know my symptoms are under control.  curious about any of your experiences!
t3_360cxr-t3_360cxr-cr9yvh9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5081	i have the so-called "breast cancer gene" and it's extremely likely i will get breast cancer in my life - and chemotherapy leads to infertility. having children is my life dream.
t3_2ijn4r-t3_2ijn4r-cl2upzq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8434	susan g. komen did some of the same things-- i regret donating to them so much in the past, because i had a relative who had had breast cancer, and had no idea how bad the organization was, and i hate that the place i work at is doing donations to them, because i keep being subjected to "do you know how terrible they are?" yes, i do, it's my job to ask everyone who comes in if they want to donate. i don't pick the charities.  although one woman told me "i stopped donating to cancer research because they haven't cured cancer yet." it's not going to be cured overnight, or even in 25 years.
t3_36g60e-t1_crdud0p-creg53c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was more excited to find a rib cage above my boobs. partially because my dumbass thought i had breast cancer for about 30 seconds. until i found the same "lump" on the other side. so it was relief more than anything :d
t3_3klp43-t3_3klp43-cuyh86w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	https://www.reddit.com/r/atheism/search?q=circumcision&amp;restrict_sr=on  are you concerned about preventing possible conditions later on? good on you for looking out, but have you had your prostate removed "just in case" or have you considered a mastectomy for your daughter? leave it alone. unless there is some medical need, there is no rational reason to perform surgery on a child who cannot make that decision for himself.   do you live in a country with plumbing and running water and easily bough condoms? if so, there's no hygiene or sti concern.   you might want your son's penis to look the same as yours. before you make a decision you can't take back, how many times have you really sat down and thought about how good your dad's penis looks? how many times do you think he thought about yours? why don't you dress the same, cut your hair the same, or wear contacts to share the same eye color?  are you an uncircumcised adult who thinks it will look better because you see circumcised penises in porn, or your partner is grossed out, or you're a lazy fuck who can't spare 2 seconds to wash the thing you're probably already playing with too much in the shower? fine, cut it off. you're an adult and you're allowed to make stupid decisions for stupid reasons. if they cut off too much and erections hurt or your sensitivity wanes at least you can be happy it was your decision and not something someone else did to you.
t3_46r05m-t1_d07b6lv-d07elxt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i do not believe that it is constitutional to deny medical care to a poor woman with breast cancer in tennessee and to provide care in california.  obamacare should have been written to cover all americans. [33 million americans got screwed and still have no access.](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/33-million-americans-still-dont-have-health-insurance/)
t3_3bj7zz-t1_csmn462-csmng17	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6651	it must depend on the case and where they work. i'd heard it happen twice and read about it, but googling it for reference hasn't turned up anything. at most, i found it related to disability. as is the case, for one girl, she had breast cancer once and was free and than got it again and had to have both breasts removed and then was unemployed for awhile and filed for unemployment and then disability i believe because the healing had left her weak and she'd been bed ridden due to medication and such in recovery and after two rounds of chemo had lost a lot of weight etc. she applied for debt forgiveness and was approved.   https://studentaid.ed.gov/sa/repay-loans/forgiveness-cancellation#total-and  this must be related to the type of loan she had? it also says only if you have or are expected to have a 60 month or longer period where you are unable to work, etc. she was out for 2 years during treatment, unemployed and then got cancer again i believe after a pregnancy and then that plus second round of treatment left her after 4 years unable to work, so they gave her disability retroactively and now going on year 6 or 7. maybe she's up for review at the end of 60 months and may have to pay it back or prove she's still disabled at that point? idk.  hard to say...she looks a lot better now and wants to get implants so if she's healthy enough for that i think they'd take away her disability and loan forgiveness?
t3_ri3md-t1_c4673b5-c4697ir	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not only is it possible, it's the only possibility.  it's impossible for the mutation that caused the cancer itself to be inherited.  think of it this way; the mutation that actually results in the cancer causes unregulated cell growth. if it were a congenital mutation (present in the cells of the embryo, and inherited from your parents) then the embryo would never form properly and you never would have been born.  the confusion comes because sometimes there are alleles that make a secondary mutation, the one that *actually* causes the cancer, more likely to occur to begin with. for instance, the brca genes are inherited genes that makes it more likely you'll suffer an additional mutation which will then lead to breast cancer.  however, you can still get a mutation that causes cancer even if you don't have genes that make it more likely you'll get a cancer-causing mutation. according to 23andme.com i have a *reduced* risk of breast cancer; i have a 9% lifetime chance of getting it compared to the average woman who has a 12% risk. if you have one of the brcas that jumps to 50% ish. so i have a 1/10 risk of breast cancer even though my genes are awesome.   so we have no way of knowing if this guy has a gene which makes it more or less likely to get testicular cancer. for all we know he has genes that make it less likely and he just got screwed.
t3_1r45qt-t3_1r45qt-cdjiyi6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	breast cancer survivor here, 11 yrs.  vent all you want!  it helps for later.  i, too, had multiple extra "procedures" after the initial setting-in of the expanders (done concurrently with bilateral mastectomy).  so many complications and a systemic infection, but luckily no recurrences, despite micromets in both sentinel nodes.  truth is, every setback made me feel like i was starting anew, except further behind than i'd begun the last time.  it got real hard to visualize a finish line for all the medical stuff anywhere in my future, and i hated what it was doing to my husband.  he's one of those types who wants to fix everything for me, but this seemed to make him feel helpless.  we came to agree that whatever would happen, just would.  and we would do all we could to stand strong.  because whatever hand we were dealt on each deal, all we could do was play it the best we could and then rest and recoup our energy for the next deal, trying to keep that final hurdle in mind.  i wish you both the best of luck and hope you can always remember that, while this chapter of your lives sucks, it's but one chapter.  there's far better stories ahead just waiting to be written.
t3_2r6hv5-t3_2r6hv5-cndbi15	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm still not used to the bonier feeling. i thought i had breast cancer because i felt a lump right above my chest. then i realized it was on the other side too. that day i discovered a freakin rib cage...
t3_18zp2d-t3_18zp2d-c8jk16f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[nasa contributions to society:](http://scepticalprophet.wordpress.com/2012/10/24/why-spend-money-on-science-nasas-contributions-to-society/)  * velcro * teflon * scratch resistant lenses * freeze dried food * sports shoes (shock absorbers, stability and motion control) * cordless power tools * cat and mri scanners (so anyone with fractures or internal injuries can thank nasa for this technology allowing doctors to see what’s wrong in your body). * light emitting diodes (can be used for cancer treatment and promote faster healing of wounds). * infrared technology * mammography systems (reducing need for biopsies due to better breast cancer detection). * miniature heart assist device (implanted into patients waiting for a heart transplant). * memory foam * sunglasses (the technology of the lense being able to filter out uv rays). * water purification systems * all manner of protective coatings (used on tools, vehicles, buildings and bridges) * kidney dialysis machines * medical rehabilitation equipment * insulation (specifically aluminium and propylene/mylar) * retroreflectors (used as a sensor to detect hazardous gases in oil development, chemical planets and waste storage sites) * anthrax detection system * wireless light switches * decontamination processes (specifically for areas contaminated by chemicals, used by many companies) * warp-10 (a portable pain reliever for muscle and joint pain) * patient harnesses (to assist patients recovering from traumatic brain injury, stroke, spinal cord injury, hip/knee replacements, etc.) * crash test models (and dummies) * liquidmetal (used in a large range of sporting equipment, jewelry, watches, mobile phones, orthopedic implants, and coatings). * navigation systems for planes allowing terrain recognition in all conditions * gas sensor (used by aircraft to detect dangerous weather conditions and avoid them). * eye surgery equipment (improving on lasik) * bank terminal technology  [and the list goes on...](http://spinoff.nasa.gov/spinoff/spinsearch?bool=and&amp;allfields=&amp;center=&amp;boolm=and&amp;manufact=&amp;state=&amp;category=&amp;issue=&amp;spinsort=issued)
t3_2kjv7r-t3_2kjv7r-clmnom7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother, saying things from my past. examples!   when i went in for a sonogram to see if i had a tumor in my breast (breast cancer) i asked if she wanted to come with me...in which i got a beautiful reply of.   "your an adult. do it yourself". -- thanks mom.    and my all time favorite of "what's wrong with you?".    again...thanks mom
t3_3y16dy-t1_cy9q4jk-cy9ve2f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6093	not the x-ray scanner, i think you mean the terahertz scanner right?  the current ones?   because (1) the x-ray scanners were recalled for putting out way more radiation than they said, and (2) the x-ray scanners had a safe use of 200 scans per passenger per year or some such.  the problem is that pilots and travelers could easily exceed this.  why would you ever unnecessarily expose yourself to ionizing radiation?   i have a close friend who had breast cancer - her oncologist told her to never take any radiation doses, even for medical imaging, unless absolutely necessary due to her later increased cancer risks.  i believe the percentages aren't that high - maybe something like 0.5% - 1% but that is enough that someone you know in your life would be at risk.  note, i'm talking about the prior x-ray scanners, not the current emf scanners.
t3_3y7f8l-t3_3y7f8l-cyben6b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7447	girlfriend/witness here: i was in the hospital waiting to get a mammogram because i had symptoms of breast cancer (spoiler: i don't, apparently birth control does that), and the doctor needed insurance information from my parents, but i was having a panic attack so i couldn't call them myself. i gave my boyfriend my phone and my dad picked up and went, "hello, darling!" boyfriend had no idea what to say... he just went, "uhh, it's conor, sir." luckily they both have good senses of humor and now my dad tells me to tell "darling" he says hi, but oh man was that the most awkward phone call to witness.
t3_2hbe6h-t1_ckr62ih-ckrajz9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.766	i do this too! all at one time i had a friend going through breast cancer at the age of 23 and being told that she may not be able to have children, i had another friend whose mother was basically dying and a third friend going through a breakup. i got that worked up about their problems being way worse than mine and yet i'm the depressed one actually made it ten times worse. i felt so selfish and self centred and made myself feel bad about feeling bad. it's just a vicious circle.
t3_1c3nel-t1_c9cqfat-c9d52nr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	surgery shouldn't be a requirement to be accepted as your appropriate gender. it definitely shouldn't be obligatory.  but even if it weren't socially or legally obligatory to be recognized as the correct gender, many people would still desperately need it. we don't require cis women who have had mastectomy to get reconstructive surgery or risk losing their social status as women, but the physical deformity alone is incredibly disturbing.  you may actually be fine with either a flat or breasted chest. you may even be intergender - *"not female, not male"* certainly sounds like it. but most people aren't.  most men would be incredibly disturbed if they didn't have a male body, not because of social expectations but because their body literally does not work the way it should. the neural map built into their brain is designed to expect and interact with a particular physical form, and if the body they're in doesn't match this is going to fuck things up. it is as inappropriate for them to have breasts or lack a dick as it would be to have a third arm or lack a nose. even if living alone on an island, this condition would be extremely disturbing.
t3_1hwjon-t3_1hwjon-caympgm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.735	i have metastatic breast cancer and although it can be difficult to live with cancer as a chronic condition, i try to think of it as that, a chronic condition, not a death sentence. granted the condition will kill me eventually (5 yearsish for me) but research is always progressing so the longer we live, the likelier it is that treatments will be better or that there may be more options.   and i wouldn't worry about telling people you're going to die. everyone dies. only we have a bit of insight on when that may happen. but no one really knows for sure. they only have the statistics based on the past.
t3_417elw-t3_417elw-cz0uge2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'd rather get aids or be paralysed from the waist down than have parenthood forced on me. i'd rather find out i had breast cancer than find out i was pregnant too far along to abort.
t3_3y81ck-t3_3y81ck-cybf0gz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they're telling me i should get genetic testing to see if i have the breast cancer gene which killed my mom and several of my relatives.  ugh, i don't want to think about that today, or any other day.
t3_4ecal9-t3_4ecal9-d1zdm4x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7386	depending on the type of cancer there can be cognitive deficits following treatment including memory, attentions, executive function etc. personality can be affected. there is also a change in perspective that happens following treatment that takes some people awhile to get through depending on severity.   i've lived through both breast cancer and leukemia. i had a bone marrow transplant 3 years ago which required total body radiation including radiation to my brain. i also had intrathecal chemo more times than i can recall. this is where they do a lumbar puncture and inject chemo directly into your cerebral spinal fluid in order to treat your brain directly. i've been diagnosed with cognitive deficits.   sometimes you need to see a psychologist and psychiatrist to try to learn how to be normal again. getting better mentally is a long process and it seems no one thinks to address mental effects until long after treatment.   my hospital provides programs for patients and caregivers. you could look there for support for yourself and your mom.
t3_1u28qt-t1_ceefmqi-ceeg406	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.748	wow, i'm really sorry to hear that. your case is worse than mine for sure. i've had a few sores over the years but nothing as bad as that.  and i know what you mean about the eye flare ups. i also have really bad allergies with my eyes and also stress out when they act up. and this all started about when i was 18 as well, lol.  avastin is (i think) breast cancer medication that i got injected into my eye over the past few years. it's helped but holycrap it scares the hell out of me. and hurts. but! it's experimental and my doctor seems to think its the greatest thing ever so on the bright side there is still a lot of progress being made in this area. which helps me (and hopefully you) worry less about future complications.    has your vision been affected?   also happy new years!
t3_1xl232-t1_cfcgrqc-cfchf12	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother in law recently had brain tumors removed, she had breast cancer via the lymph nodes removed six months ago. they couldn't find any more cancer in her.  but last wednesday she went for a checkup after some head aches and spewing in the car. thursday they did more tests, friday she was flown 250km to the better brain doctors in the stae. saturday she went under the knife, and today, tuesday, she's up and about, with a walker.  probably not going to cost her a damn thing either besides the medication. got to love science and medicare.
t3_1ean6n-t1_c9yhq0i-c9yic2q	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7991	talk to your doctor, significant other, family and due some research online.  there are many online cancer forums/support groups that could share their stories.  my mother had breast cancer (not a brac mutant carrier though). it pretty much sucked from how she tells it. chemo was bad and she had a hysterectomy and mastectomy. i'm pretty sure she would have gone through the preventive mastectomy to avoid chemo, but hindsight is 20/20.  anyway, talk to people and get informed opinions. talk to doctors that know what they are talking about and what your options are.
t3_1pgk1n-t3_1pgk1n-cd2n7t4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5073	when the boy's aunt was diagnosed (with breast cancer once and then a different type that stemmed from previous diagnosis that spread quickly). she had a moment of sorrow when they told her she didn't have long with her second diagnosis but she went back through treatments, lived it up, went on vacation, spent time with her loved ones, did things she always wanted to do. she passed away about a week ago and while it was sad, i know she lived her last few months amazingly.
t3_3ix2tu-t3_3ix2tu-cukkfl1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7331	have you heard of mindfulness meditation?  it helps you focus on the moment, which funnily enough, helps you stay calmer. because most of the time, in the moment, everything is okay. so try to stay in the moment. right now you are breathing.  just take each day moment to moment and quite often you will notice the good things that happen even when things seem at their worst.  to put it into context, i was diagnosed with stage 3 inflammatory breast cancer in october last year. a week later my father was diagnosed with stage 4 gallbladder cancer. we had chemo together and he died a week after my mastectomy. i finished treatment 2 months ago and a couple of weeks ago my mother was diagnosed with early stage breast cancer.   so every day i remind myself, today i am alive. today i am breathing. and that's good.   btw i learnt many techniques for dealing with trauma from my clinical psycologist. i can't stress enough how much therapy has helped me through. maybe it might be something for you to consider.   all the best.
t3_4br6nf-t3_4br6nf-d1bn8xk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we had a little party store attached to the pizza place i worked at so we also delivered beer and cigarettes.  every other day a woman would call at around 3:30 and order a large pizza, a case of bud and a carton of marlboro.  she was an older lady, probably mid to late 60s.  she was lonely and her son lived out of state and never called.  she tipped pretty well.  there were two incidences there that stand out.  1) she asked me to come in while she got her money.  she was noticeably drunk.  she went in the other room to get her purse, when she came back crying with her house coat was down off her shoulders and she was upset about the double mastectomy she had a couple years earlier.  2) she usually answered the door but this time when i knocked she called me in.  when i got in the house stunk.  she called me back and she was in bed and naked at least down to her waste.  there was shit on the sheets and walls.  she apologized and said she had a 'bad day' and the money was on the table next to the bed.
t3_3l3kj9-t3_3l3kj9-cv43438	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my best friend who i lived with found my tumblr account which i used to express my feelings about how he was treating me at home and in work. he confronted me saying he couldn't be near me any more and moved out without giving me notice and i still had to see him in work. he was and still is abusive and manipulative, he claimed i had no right to be severely depressed (despite me telling him and no one else ever about the sexual child abuse that happened to me and how my mother has breast cancer and that i am the only member of the family she can talk to about it, no one else knows, i am the only one of her 5 children who now). he moved out and took almost everything despite moving back into his homophobic parents house, and left me with the total rent, while i still had to see him everyday and respect him as my superior. it was and still is awful as it's only happened recently. he calls all my problems first world problems, but whatever, time heals everything right?
t3_3vinxx-t3_3vinxx-cxnx383	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i haven't direct experience of breast cancer but i can tell you what i have been told.  not all breast cancer is genetic.  that may explain why none of your other relatives have suffered.  i can see no reason why a double mastectomy would have any impact at all on your fertility.  i know if you have breast reconstruction after, you need to have the implants replaced about every 10 years so scarring would be a consequence.  i don't know if nipples are removed in this sort of case, but if not, there's the risk of losing them anyway and losing any sensitivity even if you do get to keep them. recently a palliative care consultant did an ama on r/science and i specifically asked them 'are stage iv cancer patients ever cured'.  their answer is yes, the chances of which depend on the type of cancer, but yes.  as for the genetic element, one of my closest friends lost her mother to genetic ovarian cancer - brca gene so can manifest as breast or ovarian.  she was genetically tested and part of the process in the uk is counselling so you understand what the results mean.  she was told that having the gene **did not** mean she would definitely get the cancer, instead she was told lifestyle had a greater impact.  think of the saying 'the straw that breaks the camel's back' - well she was told if she had the brca gene, her camel would already have half a load so good lifestyle choices would be equally important.  she tested negative, as did her sister.  however, the counsellor was quite firm that this didn't mean she wouldn't get breast/ovarian anyway, good lifestyle and vigilance were also important.  losing your mum can have an enormous impact on you.  you sound like you've been left with a very large fear.  perhaps you might consider some counselling to help you put this particular fear into some perspective?  i'm not sure why you think breast cancer is the 2nd most lethal.  [here](http://www.cancer.org/cancer/breastcancer/detailedguide/breast-cancer-survival-by-stage) are the survival stats according to the american cancer society and they look a lot better than a lot of other cancers.  counselling might help you stop worrying about this.  there's millions of things that can go wrong with a human, and yet vast numbers of us still manage to get to old age so why on earth not you?
t3_4yayqd-t3_4yayqd-d6mdyf6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was 5 and trying to figure out in my mind how to make friends or to approach people i cried about it quite a bit (hid this from my parents).  i cried when my sisters were born.  i cried the first day of school a couple times.  i cried around the age 13 or so when i thought i had breast cancer and was afraid to tell anyone.  i cried when the family dog died.  i cried a year or two ago when i was reflecting on how ive never had any goals and have always been vexed by indecision and how in spite of being well into adulthood i depend on my parents.  i tear up sometimes and experience this chest sensations you describe in response to music (even music thats nominally not sad) and shows / films.
t3_1obucf-t3_1obucf-ccqom0q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	question: why did i think i had cancer when i was 11?  answer: i have a third nipple type thing on my left boob. seriously thought i had breast cancer during all of puberty.
t3_1jvf9u-t1_cbiosyy-cbj4odr	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	this is such an incredible pile of bullshit.  july 8, 1997 i was diagnosed with stage iv inflammatory breast cancer. this is a rare, extremely aggressive breast cancer that is commonly misdiagnosed because it's the breast cancer without the lump. it doesn't show up on mammograms or sonograms. it took us five months to figure out what it was and by that time the cancer had spread from the left breast as primary to the right breast, brain, bone, 42 of 42 lymph nodes, massive skin mets and pleural cavity.   i was told by every single doctor at some big name facilities like moffitt, mayo, hutchinson, upenn, dana farber, vanderbilt and md anderson that while they could treat me, i was looking at 18 months max.  and yet here i am, 16 years later, alive.  doctors practice the art of medicine. they base their predictions on statistics, but statistics mean nothing to me because i am a statistic of one.  never, never give up on a person because the *doctor* said something. they sure as hell don't have a crystal ball.  edit: thank you to whoever gifted the gold. i appreciate it.
t3_32vv5j-t1_cqfhifl-cqfir6s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this was at a wedding, how is that appropriate?? where wouldn't it be appropriate then? presidential inauguration? funeral? doctors say that one of the best ways to prevent prostate cancer later in life in males is to ejaculate frequently. does that mean it's ok for me to whip it out and start poundin' "out in the open"? no. i've seen women do it in public where it isn't distracting and don't have a problem with it generally. out at a park? fine. if you're somewhere that is considered fancy dress, don't whip your tits out. you're wearing a long gown and your husband is wearing a tux? maybe go to the bathroom, side room, or use a breast pump and bottles like everyone else.   also, really nice way to underhandidly call him and his entire family white trash. you're my least favorite type of person and are the exact type of person op is reporting on facebook. go fuck yourself.
t3_2yj9ly-t3_2yj9ly-cpaggfx	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't usually post stuff like this, but this has been a bit of a tough day, so i'm sorry in advance.  when my wife was about 6 or 7 months pregnant (i think this was back in august or september), she was diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer.  they weren't able to do a whole lot for her at the time due to her being pregnant, so we didn't know how bad it was or if it had spread beyond one of her breasts.  lo and behold, a week after she had our son, they were able to run the rest of the tests on her and discovered that it had spread to her liver and to some of her bones.  when cancer spreads through the blood stream to other parts of the body, it is considered "stage 4" and is, in general, considered beyond curing (at least in the "you're completely cured of cancer" sort of way).  she's been doing chemo every week since the end of november and the chemo is working.  they're seeing major drops in the amount of cancer in her body, which is a wonderful thing.  the bad thing is that the chemo is already starting to take a toll on her.  she's at the hospital right now for x-rays on her spine because she's had nearly unmanagable back pain, she loses feeling in her fingers and toes (which means that they're going to need to give her less chemo), and of course she's lost her hair.  the statistics for stage 4 inflammatory breast cancer are..... grim.  we try not to pay attention to them, because everyone is different, and because she legitimately has some things going in her favor.  but some days are just difficult.  difficult to see the positives and to keep my head up about it all, even though i'm usually very good at it.  so, now that that's out there, some advice...   seriously, live your life.  live it to it's fullest.  do what you want to do and don't wait for tomorrow because you're too busy doing nothing.  something like this can be discovered overnight and your life can change drastically in a matter of days to a life that you actually cannot do some of the things you've been putting off.  appreciate the little things.  the things you take advantage of and don't notice anymore.  go out of your way to notice them...  notice the extra effort someone makes for you and let them know you appreciate it.
t3_24m71i-t1_ch8wiiu-ch8wltu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the article i read stated she made the decision after consulting her doctor and being informed of the high risk. i believe she also elaborated on that risk with some percentage number.  edited to add [source](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/05/14/showbiz/angelina-jolie-double-mastectomy/): &gt;actress angelina jolie announced in a new york times op-ed article on tuesday that she underwent a preventive double mastectomy **after learning that she carries a mutation of the brca1 gene, which sharply increases her risk of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer**. &gt; &gt;"my doctors estimated that i had an **87 percent risk of breast cancer** and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman," jolie wrote. "once i knew that this was my reality, i decided to be proactive and to minimize the risk as much i could. i made a decision to have a preventive double mastectomy."  and [here](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/14/opinion/my-medical-choice.html?smid=tw-share&amp;_r=2&amp;) is the article she wrote for the nytimes.
t3_e103r-t3_e103r-c14fyy9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know a few people i have on facebook are very supportive about breast cancer and post stuff all the time it gets annoying is there a site which proves this so i can shove it in their faces?[yes i know that sounds bad but im immoral and i dont care about breast cancer cause men get it yet they cant do the run thing they have each year and there is no awarness out there fore male breast cancer]
t3_3huoiz-t3_3huoiz-cuatg4b	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5186	oh, i so feel what you're going through. my mom is also a covert-narcissist. no one outside my father and me (except for a couple of their friends who have known them over 40 years and witnessed it) knows what goes on behind closed doors. my parents even often warn me, "don't you ever tell anyone what goes on here. what happens here stays here." and it ain't vegas.   does your mom affect a fake syrupy-sweet voice when she talks to "outsiders" (for lack of a better term). like sickeningly sweet? mine does ... like it could melt butter. believe me, she's much more stern at home. i just wonder if that's typical for nmoms or if mine is more extreme.  good on you for getting away from all that and starting your own life. it's such a freeing feeling. i know it's sad on some level, but you're in a much better place for maintaining your own sanity. i'm 48 and never lived away from home until 2008. i got married in 2001 at 24 and moved straight from parents' house to our house; got divorced in 2004 and was forced due to financial issues to move back in with parents. finally in 2008 i got to a place where i could move out, and it was the best 18 months of my life. sadly, i was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer and had to move back in. i'm stuck here for now as i'm on disability for advanced kidney disease and huge blood clot.  don't ever take being out on your own with no one to trying to control your every move for granted. i pray therapy helps you through the deeper issues, especially the old memories that resurface. keep us updated on your progress!
t3_2i3bid-t1_ckymdis-ckynsvr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5002	i'm sure i will hear it for this, but when i was diagnosed with breast cancer the american cancer society contacted me and set me up with someone who had experienced what i was going through. they gave me my wig, a whole bag of makeup to help me feel better about my self and had rides set up for me when i could not drive home from chemo. most people i know that have had breast cancer hate the pink shit, but it makes our loved ones feel better, kind of like they are helping in a way.
t3_1oit9c-t3_1oit9c-ccscv5j	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	ok i had breast cancer 2006, was in treatment for about 10 months.  i had four surgeries, 6 chemo treatments and 30 radiation treatments.  that said i have been in remission since then.  the cancer itself doesn't hurt, didn't hurt me.  the surgeries, poking, blood draws, shots constant dr. visits were a drag.  i was sick from chemo everything as describe below.  and chemo brain is true and i've read that some symptoms of chemo can last a decade.  i still have some issues with eyesight, memory, digestion.  i gained weight...steroids were part of my treatment and haven't lost it all.  radiation was bad too.  like my boob was constantly sunburned.  emotionally i was all over the place. they give you drugs to offset the effects of these treatments, but the drugs themselves mess with you.  i was addicted i'm sure.  i have come through it.  but it never leaves you, you'll see it everywhere, your neighbor, friend even my dog got cancer.  now i have a 1st cousin going through treatment.  family history started with me i guess.  the thing is don't let it define you.  don't let people only see your cancer....that's the worst feeling for me.  people don't know what to say so they say stupid things......and forget that there's a person there dealing with this.   sadly those descriptions below are exactly correct.  i remember the dr. asking if i had animals.  asked if they drank from the toilet... he told me to flush the toilet 3-4 times after use as the residue left there from my urine would kill my dog if she drank from the toilet..and they gave it to me straight.  that blew my mind.
t3_3yjafz-t1_cydzehb-cyek3og	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she complained, got what she wanted, made a post complaining about it and flaunted her products, then told people to not email bite asking for products? what the hell.  unrelated but i had a friend lie about having breast cancer for months. the things people will do to gain sympathy and get the heat off their backs.
t3_2yfk2d-t1_cp9db78-cp9epjo	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	from what i have heard according to doctors at the hospital, aml is a much harsher form of cancer, and more difficult to treat. how long was your treatment? i'm so glad you've survived, heres to hoping we don't get double whammy'd.   my friends mom in grade school got breast cancer, and survived. she ended up getting a tattoo of a cancer ribbon/rosary around her wrist. her son, my friend who i haven't spoken to in years, has posted on facebook for fundraising for natural remedies as her cancer had come back and determined terminal. it wasn't only in the breast, it had metastasized to her entire body. the natural treatments were to ease pain i assume and prolong her life, as drugs weren't going to be of much help. it pained me to hear that as his family was probably so relieved to be done with cancer, and move on with their lives only to receive the worst news possible 10 years later. it's horrible. i hate cancer.
t3_4k72oe-t3_4k72oe-d3cqrek	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5052	hi!  i am sorry this is happening to you. i just wanted to say something a few things, having had a lump and a biopsy myself.   first about the scarring. like i said, i had a lump, and they needle-biopsied it. (huge needle, but couldn't feel a thing thanks to the local anesthesia numbing the area.) but there really isn't any scarring at all. i cannot really see or feel anything where the needle went in. if i shine a *really* bright light on my boob and squint hard there is a spot the size of a large comma that is whiter than the surrounding skin, but unless i point straight at it, no one would be able to see it.   secondly, most lumps are not cancer, even if you do have brca1. mine was a fibroadenoma. it is still there, and i can still feel it. it feels like a small rock inside my boob. most fribro adenomas shrink and grow with your cycle, and they usually have a "bening" shape. but mine was hard, oddly shaped and looked like bad news. it still wasn't.   this year i developed a new fibro adenoma in my other boob. this time it looked like a textbook fibro on the us, so they didn't biopsy it.   i have never had a mammogram, though. they only do ultrasounds for women under 30 here, because they believe you can see just as well on an ultrasound since the tissue is so dense. same reason why that one doctor said mammograms were useless for you - and i think he is right. but i know different countries have different rules. i have a friend, however, who developed breast cancer at 31. she has had multiple mammograms and surgeries and chemo. she is alive and well, and her fertility was not affected by the treatment.   i hope it doesn't come to that, though. i hope it is just a fibro, and that an ultrasound will suffice. good luck!
t3_1d33wl-t3_1d33wl-c9mjy1w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this happened at the fund where i work to a few employees.  they were all the lower level hourly jobs, they were getting about $100 more than their $40k salary position was to get.  this is in dc where mortgages and rents are at least double most areas, so $40k isn't a lot here.  anyway, it was discovered after a few months and the fund decided to take it out of their pay over two paychecks, didn't ask them, just told them a few days before payday.  people were rightfully upset, said they thought maybe the tax law changed or something, it wasn't their fault since it was an error with bookkeeping.  didn't matter.  this one older woman who had just gone through battling breast cancer was near tears telling me about it so i offered to give her what she owed and she could pay me back over a year.  ok, she was very grateful when i gave her the check, but then a day later she came to me telling me she was having trouble with other bills and asking me for a loan, not a handout, but a loan.  i didn't know her well enough to trust her, but i told her i would loan her the money just one time, no more after that, and i wanted paid back within two years.  all told i loaned her $7k.  it took her three years to pay me back, but she would tell me how happy my loan made her and her husband because at that time they were defaulting on their mortgage and car, and couldn't pay any of their utilities.  they're now financially stable.  she told me they felt ashamed to borrow the money, and that shame is probably why they went to see a planner and he showed them how to divert more into savings and how it wouldn't be missed.  to be honest, $7k isn't a lot for me to loan, i'm well compensated, but i do have kids and i did lose some investment opportunities that the $7k would have brought in.  also, i took a risk in trusting her, but trust her i did and i'm glad for it.
t3_4c0w6z-t3_4c0w6z-d1e3d1b	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7357	yes, i had a friend who had terminal breast cancer, she was then told at her next appt she had stage 4 (which is serious, but not as serious as terminal) now 4 years later she is cancer free!
t3_2q7wf2-t1_cn415os-cn4gi19	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	it's weird for people who, as we can tell, still have time left to see those that are dying so at peace.  my mom was always the one to hide and shelter you from the "bad", just to keep you safe over everything else. when she first got cancer, she was scared, but she was reassured everything would be fine, they removed a breast and everything and no signs of cancer.  a couple years go back, she gets really sick, takes a lot of tests and then we find out it's cancer again. at first, she wouldn't tell me, my brothers or sisters, she kept saying they didn't know what it was until we finally pressured her. then the line that pretty much tore my heart came out of her mouth "they said it's not a matter of if but when it will kill me".  she was so comfortable and at ease with death, we had talked about it many times, but with it took me forever to be able to understand.
t3_xxdt3-t1_c5qo4iq-c5qyfmj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sure my breast and cervical cancer risk is slightly increased, but my risk of ovary and endometrial cancer is brought down too.  i've had my hpv vac and i can do my own breast exam, so overall i'm pretty sure i'm coming out ahead.  edit: oh i should also note i have no history of breast cancer in my family but i do have ovarian so...
t3_2fnv6w-t3_2fnv6w-ckb4pgk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7404	hey man, just wanted to chime in and say that i totally know how you feel, though i probably wasn't in a-cup territory.  happened to me right around puberty and it never went away. i was also incredibly self conscious about it all through high school and my freshman year of college.   eventually i got sick of it, and just wanted to feel normal, so i finally talked to my parents about it, who had no idea what i was dealing with, both physically and emotionally. ended up getting the surgery between freshman and sophomore year of college and i've never looked back.   i know the surgery is expensive; thankfully my parents helped a bit and so did insurance, and the recovery is likely going to involve more compression vest wearing for a few weeks, but speaking from my experience, it is absolutely worth it. i feel way more comfortable in my own skin, and i have no issues with going shirtless anymore or anything like that. if it's important to you, i encourage you to save, talk to your parents about it and how it's impacting your life and your happiness, and look into it a little bit. insurance gave me a little bit because the doctor was able to express to them that the surgery had some medically necessary aspects, such as reduced breast cancer risk.   if you want to talk about it, pm me. i've been there.
t3_34ca2o-t1_cqtw4sh-cqu57gv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am surprised you would say that, i have seen breast cancer cells described as quite good for testing ea. indeed this review seems to support that. [alternatives to in vivo tests to detect endocrine disrupting chemicals (edcs) in fish and amphibians – screening for estrogen, androgen and thyroid hormone disruption](http://informahealthcare.com/doi/abs/10.3109/10408444.2012.737762)   &gt; the review shows that the majority of alternative assays measure effects directly mediated by receptor binding or resulting from interference with hormone synthesis.  i would also like to see more in vitro studies though. i did find a couple, both supporting the conclusion of the previously discussed in vivo studies. here's one.   [prepubertal exposure to commercial formulation of the herbicide glyphosate alters testosterone levels and testicular morphology.](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20012598)  &gt; these results suggest that commercial formulation of glyphosate is a potent endocrine disruptor in vivo, causing disturbances in the reproductive development of rats when the exposure was performed during the puberty period.     as far as whether ea implies it is an edc, seems to me that if something shows estrogenic activity then by definition it is an endocrine disruptor. most studies i read on edcs use the terms interchangeably.   anyway this all might not be totally convincing to you but i think it makes a decent case. especially when considering the supporting evidence from all the 'low quality' in vitro studies. also it seems a bit dismissive to label research that way just because it isn't in the best journal or due to some other unmentioned reason.. seems like too often people are judging papers on reputation rather than content. i have seen this when discussing physics papers where people refuse to even read the paper if it is not in some prestigious journal and it's so aggravating, it's like hello, 2+2 is going to equal 4 no matter where you write it down.. but i digress :)
t3_1r5flt-t1_cdjtz8t-cdjug1l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	exactly.  and now everyone thinks that spending more government money is going to solve the problem.  if americans want a public healthcare system, we need to strip our current system to the ground and build it back up.  adding 2,500 pages of legislation on top of our current system is the worst solution possible.  it just exacerbates the problem.  just expect to wait a long time for treatment (as my cousins in canada do). there's always a trade off.  edit: i'll add that my cousin was diagnosed with breast cancer two weeks after she lost her job in 2011.  in the us, she may have been in lots of trouble (assuming she didn't apply for cobra)  edit 2: my comment about long waits wasn't meant to be negative. just trying to say that no system works perfectly.  although, the us has managed to create the most convoluted, complicated, and expensive healthcare system in the world.  usa! usa!
t3_3cec5d-t3_3cec5d-csuxugo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a little late, but felt compelled to share.    when i was growing up in western pennsylvania, my family used to go camping for a week or two every summer.  there were always other kids to play with at the campgrounds and, as i got older, it frequently turned into an opportunity to meet girls.  i have a lot of great memories of whirlwind flings with someone i had just met, but there is one girl that has stuck with me.  she was from akron, ohio, but we kept in touch and our families managed to coordinate trips so that we overlapped for a couple years in a row.  she was awesome. great personality, really cute, and just someone you wanted to be around.  we knew the distance meant it would never work, but heather and i looked forward to our week together.    sadly, as time went by, our families didn't camp as much and we couldn't keep up the connection.  life got in the way.   fast forward to a few years ago and my curiosity about her life got the better of me.  a few internet searches later and i learned the sad truth, heather had died from breast cancer in 2002 at the age of 25.  it was a sobering reminder of how fleeting life can be, but how you're never really gone so long as memories of you continue.  heather will always remain alive in my mind as that teenage girl i met so many years ago.
t3_2mmyho-t3_2mmyho-cmcbvmy	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7375	this will probably end up being a novel, apologies in advance.  inked: my story. [my piece](http://imgur.com/p7yepcm) it reads "lauria". my mom's maiden name. the middle name for my three sisters and me.   my mom's mom died of colon in cancer in 1985 at the age of 61 (i wasn't born until 1988). my mom died of breast cancer in 2013 at the at of 61.  needless to say, it seems like my maternal family has their own version of the 27 club.   i was home for 10 days before my mom passed. she opted for in home hospice, which was fantastic. between sleeping (her, not us) and doctors appts (liver failure due to metastasis required "taps" to remove fluid), my sisters and aunts would go through old pictures and boxes, as seems to be the norm for hurry-up-and-wait moments like this. i found a letter that my mom had written to her mom after she moved to germany to teach, she was a year or two younger than i was at the time) . my mom had beautiful handwriting. i secreted away the envelope and blew up the address on the copier. since it was written to my grandma "lauria" was written beautifully.   i've always loved my middle name (even after i realized that siblings were allowed to have different middle names). my mom's side of the family has always been strong, amazing and engaged, regardless of the fact that we lived so far away. and post-facto, they've continued to carry me through. this name means a hell of a lot to me.   three days after my mom passed, i went and got this done. it's 100% my mom's handwriting. and it's on me forever. i have *never* ever regretted it. i told family members i had to get it so my mom would have a reason to haunt me :) . as for the dot missing on the "i" there was a blot on the copy that i brought with me to the parlor, and it covered the dot. i didn't want to invent one, as it needs to be my mom's dot (that's not weird at all!), so it's to be added at a later date.  it's faded a little bit. i've only had it for a year and a half. but given i got in spring, and it was my first one, it was to be expected. i hope to get it touched up when i have money saved.
t3_1rgdgk-t3_1rgdgk-cdn3l4i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so messed up. my aunt once lied to the wrestling booster moms about having breast cancer and her boob job being reconstructive, not cosmetic.  when one of those booster moms and my mom were chatting at a pta thing, she asked my mom about my aunt in knowing tones. my mom was confused and answered that she's fine, why wouldn't she be? the booster mom said "well, breast cancer!" my mom laughed and let the booster mom know they'd all been had and my aunt always had issues with being an a cup.  she got an augmentation to move up from a to c, but was too ashamed to admit it. it's pretty terrible to lie about something so frivolous, but using cancer as a lie for anything is just awful.
t3_10dg0w-t3_10dg0w-c6ctqk7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok, i have a problem with this.  why does no one have the fucking balls to ask this piece of shit real questions?  all this rinse &amp; repeat of the same fucking shit over and over has me bored to tears and frustrated as fuck.   so, mr know-it-all romney...  what about cancer screenings?  my wife would inevitably die of breast cancer without screenings and treatment, is the er going to do that?  also, this bill you say the hospital will pay?  you have never done this, clearly.  i have had my credit ruined for the past 6 years because of hospitals suing me for things that were not covered by my insurance, so it seems to fit that when i filled out the paper work at the time and listed i make $22,000 per year, that they would turn around and send me a $30,000 bill.  they pay it?  i think not.  what about all other preventative care?  so, someone has to wait until they have a heart attack, and hope to fucking hell they can survive the heart attack and then not be denied the quadruple bypass surgery they need to live, since they never had preventative care in the first place to catch the heart attack years before it happened.  i have had to live in near poverty conditions for the past several years because of fucking assholes who think like this, and i am tired of it.  fuck you, media, for being too god damned scared of these fucking assholes to ask them the questions which matter.
t3_2ikx9k-t1_cl3f39r-cl3qh7w	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8036	in the breast cancer community we all say that we are very aware of cancer.  stop making us aware and find a fucking cure.    i have the most aggressive form of breast cancer (inflammatory) and if you go to the komen website they hardly talk about it.  it's the only breast cancer without a lump.  how often do you hear about that from them?  i was diagnosed at the earliest stage and that is 3b and i am given a 30-40% survival rate. i'm 40.  so far so good but don't you think they should focus on that rather than the color pink?
t3_3ih9kq-t3_3ih9kq-culop8u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	judging by your title, you've probably already read [this review by e. russo on phytocannabinoid-terpenoid entourage effects and cannabis synergy in general](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc3165946/) but for those who haven't or just want some condensed info, here goes:   &amp;nbsp;  &gt; support derives from studies in which cannabis extracts demonstrated effects two to four times greater than thc (carlini et al ., 1974); unidentified thc antagonists and synergists were claimed (fairbairn and pickens, 1981), anti- convulsant activity was observed beyond the cannabinoid fraction (wilkinson et al ., 2003), and extracts of thc and cbd modulated effects in hippocampal neurones distinctly from pure compounds (ryan et al ., 2006)    &amp;nbsp;    &gt; **are cannabis terpenoids actually relevant to the effects of cannabis?**    terpenoid components in concentrations above 0.05% are considered of pharmacological interest (adams and taylor, 2010). animal studies are certainly supportive (buch- bauer et al ., 1993). mice exposed to terpenoid odours inhaled from ambient air for 1 h demonstrated profound effects on activity levels, suggesting a direct pharmacological effect on the brain, even at extremely low serum concentrations (examples: linalool with 73% reduction in motility at 4.22 ng·ml , pinene 13.77% increase at trace concentration, terpineol 45% reduction at 4.7 ng·ml) these levels are comparable to those of thc measured in humans receiving cannabis extracts yielding therapeutic effects in pain, or symptoms of multiple sclerosis in various randomized con- trolled trials (rcts) (russo, 2006; huestis, 2007).   &amp;nbsp;    **conclusion:** &amp;nbsp;  &gt; considered ensemble, the preceding body of information supports the concept that selective breeding of cannabis chemotypes rich in ameliorative phytocannabinoid and ter- penoid content offer complementary pharmacological activi- ties that may strengthen and broaden clinical applications and improve the therapeutic index of cannabis extracts containing thc, or other base phytocannabinoids. psychopharmacologi- cal and dermatological indications show the greatest promise.    loose translation: cannabis with high amounts of different cannabinoids and terpenes are more valuable than the sum of their effects would suggest. with proper selective breeding, we can make whole-plant cannabinoid medicine more 'efficient' and more widely applicable.   &amp;nbsp;  gratuitous info on some phytocannabinoids, as found in the same review:     &amp;nbsp; &gt;**thc**  is the most common phytocannabinoid in cannabis drug chemotypes, and is produced in the plant via an allele co-dominant with cbd (de meijer et al ., 2003). thc is a partial agonist at cb 1 and cannabinoid receptor 2 (cb 2 ) analogous to aea, and underlying many of its activities as a psychoactive agent, analgesic, muscle relaxant and antispas- modic (pacher et al ., 2006). additionally, it is a bronchodila- tor  (williams et al.,  1976),  neuroprotective  antioxidant (hampson et al ., 1998), antipruritic agent in cholestatic jaundice  (neff et al .,  2002)  and  has  20  times  the  anti- inflammatory  power  of  aspirin  and  twice  that  of hydrocortisone (evans, 1991).    &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbd** is the most common phytocannabinoid in fibre (hemp) plants, and second most prevalent in some drug chemotypes. it has proven extremely versatile pharmacologi- cally (table 1) (pertwee, 2004; mechoulam et al ., 2007), displaying the unusual ability to antagonize cb 1 at a low nm level in the presence of thc, despite having little binding affinity (thomas et al ., 2007), and supporting its modulatory effect on thc-associated adverse events such as anxiety, tachycardia, hunger and sedation in rats and humans (nicholson et al ., 2004; murillo-rodriguez et al ., 2006; russo and guy, 2006). cbd is an analgesic (costa et al ., 2007), is a neuroprotective antioxidant more potent than ascorbate or tocopherol (hampson et al ., 1998),   &amp;nbsp;  &gt; **cbc** was inactive on adenylate cyclase inhibi- tion (howlett, 1987), but showed activity in the mouse can- nabinoid tetrad, but only at 100 mg·kg- 1 , and at a fraction of thc activity, via a non-cb 1 , non-cb 2 mechanism (delong et al ., 2010). more pertinent are anti-inflammatory (wirth et al ., 1980) and analgesic activity (davis and hatoum, 1983), its ability to reduce thc intoxication in mice (hatoum et al ., 1981), antibiotic and antifungal effects (elsohly et al ., 1982), and observed cytotoxicity in cancer cell lines (ligresti et al ., 2006)      &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbg** , the parent phytocannabinoid compound, has a relatively weak partial agonistic effect at cb 1 (k i 440 nm) and cb 2 (k i 337 nm) (gauson et al ., 2007). older work supports gamma aminobutyric acid (gaba) uptake inhibition greater than thc or cbd (banerjee et al ., 1975) that could suggest muscle relaxant properties. analgesic and anti-erythemic effects and the ability to block lipooxygenase were said to surpass those of thc (evans, 1991). cbg dem- onstrated modest antifungal effects (elsohly et al ., 1982). more recently, it proved to be an effective cytotoxic in high dosage on human epithelioid carcinoma (baek et al ., 1998), is the next most effective phytocannabinoid against breast cancer after cbd (ligresti et al ., 2006), is an antidepressant in the rodent tail suspension model (musty and deyo, 2006) and is a mildly anti-hypertensive agent (maor et al ., 2006). additionally, cbg inhibits keratinocyte proliferation suggest- ing utility in psoriasis (wilkinson and williamson, 2007), it is a relatively potent trpm8 antagonist for possible application in prostate cancer (de petrocellis and di marzo, 2010) and detrusor over-activity and bladder pain (mukerji et al ., 2006). it is a strong aea uptake inhibitor (de petrocellis et al ., 2011) and a powerful agent against mrsa (appendino et al ., 2008; vide infra ).    &amp;nbsp;   &gt;**thcv** is a propyl analogue of thc, and can modulate intoxication of the latter, displaying 25% of its potency in early testing (gill et al ., 1970; hollister, 1974). a recrudescence of interest accrues to this compound, which is acb 1 antagonist at lower doses (thomas et al ., 2005), but is a cb 1 agonist at higher doses (pertwee, 2008). thcv produces weight loss, decreased body fat and serum leptin concentra- tions with increased energy expenditure in obese mice (cawthorne et al ., 2007; riedel et al ., 2009). thcv also dem- onstrates prominent anticonvulsant properties in rodent cer- ebellum and pyriform cortex (hill et al ., 2010). thcv appears as a fractional component of many southern african can- nabis chemotypes, although plants highly predominant in this agent have been produced (de meijer, 2004). thcv recently  demonstrated  a  cb 2 -based  ability  to  suppress carageenan-induced hyperalgesia and inflammation, and both phases of formalin-induced pain behaviour via cb 1 and cb 2 in mice (bolognini et al ., 2010).     &amp;nbsp;  &gt;**cbdv** , the propyl analogue of cbd, was first isolated in 1969 (vollner et al ., 1969), but formerly received little investigation. pure cbdv inhibits diacylglycerol lipase [50% inhibitory concentration (ic 50 ) 16.6 m m] and might decrease activity of its product, the endocannabinoid, 2-ag (de petrocellis et al ., 2011). it is also anticonvulsant in rodent hippocampal brain slices, comparable to phenobarbitone and felbamate (jones et al ., 2010)    &amp;nbsp;  &gt; **cbn** is a non-enzymatic oxidative by-product of thc, more prominent in aged cannabis samples (merzouki and mesa, 2002). it has a lower affinity for cb 1 (ki 211.2 nm) and cb2 (ki126.4 nm) (rhee et al ., 1997); and was judged inactive when tested alone in human volunteers, but pro- duced greater sedation combined with thc (mustyet al,1976). cbn demonstrated anticonvulsant (turner et al ., 1980), anti-inflammatory (evans, 1991) and potent effects against mrsa (mic 1mg·ml -cbn is a trpv2 (high- threshold thermosensor) agonist (ec 77.7 m m) of possible interest in treatment of burns (qin et al ., 2008). like cbg, it inhibits keratinocyte proliferation (wilkinson and william- son, 2007), independently of cannabinoid receptor effects. cbn stimulates the recruitment of quiescent mesenchymal stem cells in marrow (10 m m), suggesting promotion of bone formation (scutt and williamson, 2007)
t3_3ylalm-t3_3ylalm-cyibigp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother was diagnosed about a year ago and my grandma about two months after her. my mom got a double mastectomy and they caught it early enough to retrieve all the cancer. now she has some new boobs and loves them. haha as far as my grandma she just got her lump taken out and underwent chemo and she is also doing great. both survivors caught at different stages. with so much progress in that field right now i would try not to stress out as you don't want to make yourself sick. one quote that always helps me is " no amount of regret will change the past and no amount of worry will change the future" take like by the horns and show them who's boss girl. much luck, you will be okay.
t3_2rmvzr-t3_2rmvzr-cnhbt1g	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi op. my mom died in may after fighting breast cancer for over a decade. if *you* ever need to talk, hit me up.  it may be worth talking to his doctor about hospice. my mom chose to go to hospice when chemo was only causing her pain and suffering, but she was still functional and able to be independent for a few months. what i like about hospice is that they don't fuck around with pain management - they take care of it. they don't sugar coat anything, either, and are quite accurate in their assessment of time left. they also offer counseling for the patient and for his caretakers. it might be worth starting to look into it.  it's horrific to go through this, and my heart is with you. please seek out all the assistance you can handle, and spend as much time with your dad as you can. it's terribly sad, but there will probably also be some very special moments you'll remember forever.  all my best to you and your family.
t3_2te5ev-t3_2te5ev-cny85km	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not a doctor, however my grandmother got diagnosed with severe breast cancer when she was 56. they told her she'd have to undergo surgery to have her breast removed, chemotherapy, radio therapy and that she'd be on oral therapy for the rest of her life.  she got abnormally sick during chemotherapy, and then they discovered that the irritable bowel syndrome she'd been previously diagnosed with for years, was actually crohn's disease.  somehow, she made it through her chemo, radio therapy and begun on her oral therapy. the chemo had completely destroyed her bones (she had arthritis and osteoarthritis before chemo as it was). all was well for a short while, even her crohn's improved.  at her next check up scan, they realised that her original breast cancer had spread to her lymph nodes, liver and rib cage. they told her once again, that she had to undergo surgery (to have her lymph nodes removed) and that she would need chemo, radio therapy and to continue with her oral therapy. after 8 sessions of chemo, she dropped down to around 4 stone and was hospitalised. her body couldn't handle it, so she had to stop.   they put her on some amazing oral therapy tablets, which didn't get rid of the cancer, but stopped it from spreading further, meaning she had more time to live. they gave her 2 years (she was 59 at this point). she was on those tables for about year before her crohn's started to really, really fuck her up.  one evening, we were eating chips and she just collapsed to the floor, screaming and crying how the pain was worse than labour, we called an ambulance and she was rushed off to a and e. they performed emergency surgery and discovered that the food she'd eaten had blocked her intestines and was poisoning her from the inside out. they removed all of her large intestines and most of her small intestines and she was fitted with a colostomy bag.   the operation didn't go to plan, and she ended up in an ic unit, clinging to life. the operation caused a hernia and for some reason wouldn't heal up. so my poor grandmother was left with an open wound in her stomach for about a year and a half (cleaned daily by nurses). to make matters worse, she caught mrsa from the ward.  after about a year of preparation (gaining weight etc) she underwent more surgery on her abdomen. they discovered that the surgeon who had previously operated on her had left a piece of stool inside her, which was causing constant infections and preventing the wound from healing. they managed to remove it, along with repair the hernia. after that surgery, they told her she wouldn't be able to undergo surgery again and that she would only live for another few months to a year (she was 60-61 at this point).   today, she is 67 years old and has just met her newest grandchild. she's at a stable weight, has learnt how to live with her colostomy bag, and honestly, she has shocked her specialists from how long she has lived for. i don't know how the hell she has survived everything, she is amazing. absolute trooper.
t3_1pnj47-t3_1pnj47-cd47lci	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i hope you can find some helpful advise here for affordable bras, but just in case :) ... research specialty lingerie boutiques in your general area. for example i live in the atlanta area which has livie rea (see tv show double divas), intimacy, and lingerie mart. another possibility would be a shop specializing in mastectomy bras. they might be able to custom make something or provide the name of someone who can.
t3_4vxg8r-t1_d629g58-d62aoos	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5036	i was cured of auditory and visual hallucinations in an instant through prayer. its been 16 years since i hallucinated.  i saw my exhusband get cured from a recent stroke, instantly regaining feeling to his right side and full function.  my heart recovered from failing after prayer. i was in my last days. i have congenital heart disease but after prayer my heart recovered on its own.  i was stuck at 2 cm for hours during labor. it was excruciating. my pastor layed hands on my stomach and prayed and then the dr came in right after and checked me and i had gone to 10 cm immediately and was ready to push.   my daughter had a bad reaction to shell fish and we layed hands on her and prayed and the swelling instantly went down.   a friend told me she was going to be short on rent and god told me to give her everything in my wallet. it was $72, the exact amount she needed.   god told me to write a book. it was on a thumb drive, my only copy. i dropped it unknowingly at a starbucks on my way to church. i realized at church i couldnt find it and i was devastated. i was 3/4ths done. so i prayed that god woukd bring it back to me. he had done this with a wallet and a lost id before. soon a friend came up to me at church and said i think this is yours. she said she walked into starbucks and had seen it on the floor. she said god told her to pick it up and give it to me when she saw me at church. we were there at two seperate times.   a woman at my church had breast cancer. she beat it with chemo. but then it reappeared in her kidneys. we prayed over her for weeks and just before she started her new chemo they scanned her to check for new growth. the tumors were gone. she is still cancer free.   another church friend had to get radiation done on a lump in her breast. she suffers from terrible arthritis and can only function if she takes a certain medication. well she couldnt take the meds during the radiation treatments. so we prayed she wouldnt have any pain in her hands during treatment. it wasva few weeks worth. she didnt suffer at all. shes also cancer free.   i once lived in a transitional home for women through a church ministry. our septic tank needed to be replaced. it would cost $350. we did a car wash for a fundraiser. we prayed and the first car that came thru gave us $350 exactly.    i could go on and on. this is why christians hold so strongly to our faith no matter how stupid people think we are. we see god working in our lives and the lives around us all the time. it gives us hope and it gives us peace. and it is our answer to all the questions.
t3_3ppyrg-t3_3ppyrg-czt4mwb	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7544	my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer when i was 19. it came out of nowhere. no history, no health issues at all, she didn't smoke/drink/use any substances at all. we had just started having that shift from mother/daughter relationship to the start of a beautiful friendship. she taught me how to be a genuinely good person by being the kindest, most empathetic, nonjudgmental woman i had ever known. it was a couple years of her not telling me much, going through chemo and radiation, but she still was her normal, cheerful self. in early 2012, she had a clean petscan! i was overjoyed because, honestly, i hadn't even accepted she was sick yet. not my mother. her life had no end in my eyes. i had so much left to share with her, to thank her for. and of course she beat it, she was a superhero.  6 months later and it had come back full force. everywhere. she tried chemo for a little while, but then came the day that she said she needed to talk to me about something. she then proceeded to ask me if it was okay with me that she stopped. it was then i realized, she was just trying to stick around for me and my dad. he is and was extremely religious and dealt with this completely differently. mostly by working a million hours a week so her 24/7 at home hospice care fell to me. i guess everyone just assumed i was okay and ready to, at 22, watch my mother waste away in a hospital bed in our living room. i had to feed her, clean her, medicate her, and watch her forget who everyone was. she wasn't even my mom there at the end. i was thankful when she finally went in december of 2013. she told me, in a brief moment of lucidity, that she was ready and smiled. i treasure that still.   i had lost my grandparents at this point, but i wasn't particularly close with them. i used to be a very strict christian, believing in heaven and a wonderful afterlife and that i would see all my loved ones again. around 16, i started finding my own answers that made more logical sense so, without religion, death took on a whole new level. nobody can prepare themselves for dealing with the grief of losing a loved one. the stages are real, but they aren't linear. sometimes they bombard you all at once and sometimes you hate yourself because you feel none of those feelings at all. i dealt with it in every way imaginable. i hid away in my room and talked to nobody. randomly i'd go out and drink myself to oblivion. i went on antidepressants for a while that did nothing but almost make me lose who i am. i developed a painkiller addiction. i did all these things because i refused to deal with any of my feelings, i stopped having contact with the rest of my family, and pretty much just waited till i just disappeared.  don't do what i did. it's been a little over two years now and i'm doing better in the sense that i am surrounding myself with healthy relationships and people who i can talk to. but grief, unfortunately, isn't something that can be fixed. once you join the "kid who lost a parent" club, its hard to be around anyone who isn't a member. it changes you. death is now a real thing. an evil, selfish, terrible devil that steals from you with no reason at all.  i'm honestly really tired right now and at one of the more depressed moments, but if you see this and want to chat, don't hesitate to message me. i messed up by not trying to find someone to talk to that understood, so i don't want that to happen to anyone else.
t3_csw6j-t1_c0v00jh-c0v02b3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	did my first (and only so far, waiting for a good rock n' roll) at 16 also, but with 3 years of xc training to get me started. i ran 4:22, could have done better but no pressure. small race, but i had a blast. however i did the breast cancer half in jacksonville a couple weeks after and the atmosphere was crazy, looking forward to doing the full there in february.  peak at marathons or have you done/are you interested in any ultra stuff?
t3_1p9kdk-t1_cd0n6ml-cd0xuhq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	where i'm from the checkout person also bags your items, unless you are in the fast lane (1-10 or 1-15 items), in which case you do it yourself. rarely they'll have volunteers there from some organization who bag and put a tin out for donations for breast cancer / homeless people or whatever. it seems like it would be annoying and inconvenient to have some guy push your cart out to your car and load it up for you. i'd rather do that shit myself.
t3_ckrm1-t1_c0t9vxh-c0t9zwn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6732	i posted because i wanted karma. simple as that. i figured people would enjoy this and i knew it would take all of two minutes to put the picture into imgur and post it to reddit. and here we are.    the reason i cut my hair is because she was *really* down about the whole "i have breast cancer and they're going to cut my tits off and i have to lose my hair and chemo is horrible and my life sucks" thing. this was literally the least i could do for her. and she was happier than i think she's been in months after i did this, so mission accomplished.    while i appreciate the reddit love, i can kind of take it or leave it, since this was really about making her feel better.
t3_1rwvz3-t1_cdrqmrc-cds69ot	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8025	i'm alive because my doctor got me in the habit of having annual mammograms in my early 30s instead of waiting until after 40. i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 41. i attribute my habit of getting a mammogram why i'm alive.
t3_g2wr2-t1_c1kjuwz-c1kk36q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6856	i seem to cause miraculous recoveries as well.  two or three years ago, i went to go stay with my dad and step mom one summer, because water had accumulated in her heart and two of her valves were malfunctioning.  my dad had to work and she was already really weak and expected to have high risk open heart surgery, so they needed someone to be there with her all the time; they couldn't afford a nurse and i was out of work, so it seemed fitting.  they went in for an exam a week before the scheduled date, to confirm the procedure's necessity and that was when i decided to go.  i hung out with them two days before, the day before and the day of the surgery.  however, when they did the pre-procedure exam (i can't remember what it's called, but it's when they run a camera up your veins to see your heart), her heart was working **perfectly fine**.  the surgeon (who, at the time, was rated third in the country for this procedure) swore he had never seen nor heard of this happening and held her for close observation (they did the same procedure to her three more times over three days) before discharging her.  she wound up making a "full" recovery (diet adjustment, prescriptions, etc.) and they never cracked her chest open.  when i was in high school, my sister had a massive car accident - the driver over corrected off the bank of a freeway at 70 mph and rolled the car four times.  she had a closed head injury that was rated at a level 1 brain injury (coma) and was rushed to the hospital via life flight.  by the time she got there, it had been upgraded to level 2 but she was in such critical condition the doctors couldn't do anything.  so, of course, my mom pulls me out of school and we go visit her.  not 10 minutes after i went in to see her, the doctors did another exam and upgraded her to level 3.  she went on to have a full recovery (well, as near to full as you can from that sort of thing, there is some permanent damage and her life expectancy is shortened by 10-15 years) in the next 4 hours or so and was home with us the next day.  the year after i graduated high school, and was away at college, my mom got diagnosed with breast cancer for the second time.  the first time, the cancer had never progressed all the way to stage 1 before it went into remission and she had never told us (i was like 9 at the time, so it's understandable that she didn't bring it up because it was never "serious").  this time, it had progressed really rapidly and was already stage 2 when it was diagnosed (my mom had lapsed on her breast exams, shame on her).  my mom's not exactly a very forthcoming person with things she thinks are personal weaknesses, so she didn't tell me about this until it had progressed to stage 3 and the doctors were afraid that it was going to metastasize and had scheduled and immediate surgery - two days later.  i, of course, got in the car and drove home (i made the trip from daytona beach to nashville in just under 7 hours and got 2 speeding tickets in 2 states doing it).  i got there and spent the night and next day for her.  she went to the hospital and did her pre-procedure exam and the doctor called it off, as the tumor had shrunk.  they kept her in the hospital for 3 days to do observation and decided that the cancer had spontaneously gone into remission and were able to operate and only remove the tumor, rather than her entire breast.   those three occurrences are the only medical emergencies where someone's life has been threatened that i've been party to. i guess the universe balances out?  that's a scary thought.
t3_2wuss8-t3_2wuss8-coube9m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7695	meningitis - my neck ached slightly the day after i moved house.   herpes - i raced down to a gum clinic, nearly cried when i had to describe my symptoms to the gynaecologist, then he took a look and immediately informed me i had shaving rash.   breast cancer - in fairness, i do not regret getting this checked out at all. i noticed a lump in my breast and went to the doctor; he told me it was likely a "breast mouse" but referred me to the hospital to be on the safe side. i had an ultrasound and a biopsy before they told me it was definitely nothing to worry about, and that i could have it removed if i wanted to. i decided against surgery, so just gave it a name and live with it. it was pretty scary for a while, though.
t3_3l565k-t1_cv3i21q-cv3qkih	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's a beautiful peace of work.    i think superman's reaction to his girlfriend getting cancer ("couldn't this wait until tomorrow?") is perhaps the best cancer related scene in all of film, perhaps second only to the room's "oh, i have breast cancer."
t3_1ic3si-t3_1ic3si-cb3n3bj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6627	years ago, my then boss was telling me about his wife's symptoms. she had a lump and pain in her breast, and she had been to the dr, who, upon hearing that her sister had died of breast cancer, told this mother of four children under ten years old that she had it (without any tests, wtf?!) and probably had six months to live. i had recently had a baby, and was nursing, and the symptoms sounded to me like mastitis, which can be cleared up by antibiotics. i told him to have her get a second opinion and i brought in some information for them, and sure enough, she had mastitis. she also had a nursing toddler, so that should have been one of the first things they thought of.  a few years ago, my mil was visiting us. when she arrived she didn't seem right. headaches, sleeping all the time. what clinched it for me was when she wasn't making sense, forgetting things like it being fathers day about fifteen times on that day, things that we had told her, etc. i finally left work, and insisted she go to the er, thinking she was taking too many medications and was having a drug interaction. they did a ct scan and told us she had a tumor in her brain and admitted her. a few days later, she saw a specialist and it turned out to be a large craniopharyngioma, which is a cyst on the pituitary. scary stuff. she had surgery and is basically fine now.  last week, my kid's friend, who had just returned from sleep away camp, asked me to look at a bug bite she had. she thought it was a tick bite. she was right, and the red ring around it told me she had lyme disease, so i told her parents she needed to be seen. se was, and she has lyme, but is on antibiotics and should be fine since we caught it early.  a friend i only know online asked me about some symptoms she was having after having her gallbladder out. i said it sounded like she had an impacted gallstone and she had jaundice and needed to get checked out right away, like er now. didn't hear from her for a few days since she was in the hospital being treated for jaundice from an impacted gallstone.  i am not a doctor, have no medical training other than cpr/first aid.
t3_1ohpvr-t1_ccs3298-ccs56nn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	did you see that commercial they've been running? it's basically a lady who says 'i had no idea breast cancer was a big deal until i was watching a ravens game and asked my husband why they were wearing pink'.  i'm just thinking, really lady? you've never seen the millions of pink ribbons and all the race for the cures and whatever else, but ray lewis was the one that clued you in to a mammogram? bitch, please. i don't even have tits and i know you need a mammogram.
t3_1u11cc-t1_cefl7li-cfifuk7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi, i know this is a long time since you asked, but maybe still interested anyway.  another mom here.  do active play with your son for exercise.  weather permitting take walks outside.  getting fresh air, sun, and movement is such a great benefit and a good habit to pass on.  also i did yoga with a video on the tv and my son loved to join me on the floor and do it too.  toddlers love it generally when the big people get down to their level with them!  i did not do paleo while breast feeding (found it later), but had done atkins and was therefore unafraid to consume fats and eggs. i believe these are good for breast feeding.  also i fed until my son was 2 (at least the bedtime feeding) and lost a lot of weight during the second year.  just want to encourage you, since you mentioned having a toddler.  breastfeeding longer confers cancer protection to moms and reduces likelihood of obesity in the children.
t3_2dhgqu-t3_2dhgqu-cjpotey	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a biological tank. i haven't missed a day of school for being sick since 6th grade. i start my second year of university soon.  also fairly sure i had breast cancer for a week and fought it off, but i can't confirm that.
t3_36x3nq-t3_36x3nq-criafbv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7497	three days after giving birth i found a lump in my breast. my mom assured me it was just a clogged milk duct that happens sometimes from breastfeeding. i had to go to my ob anyway who said it was not that kind of lump and i would have to get it biopsied.   i convinced myself i had breast cancer. i googled the symptoms obsessively (smart, i know), and i had a lot of them, including bloody discharge from the breast. unfortunately, a lot of symptoms if brat cancer are also symptoms of pregnancy so i convinced myself i had had breast cancer for months and was going to die (even though my ob had been seeing me very often the past nine months, she must have missed it). it was a very stressful week in my life while i waited for the biopsy and it pretty much ruined my ability to breastfeed and bond with my baby since i was convinced my left breast was diseased and discharing pus (it was actually normal to have a little blood in breast milk but my crazy self didn't want to hear it).  anyway, the day of the biopsy and they confirm they are concerned, assure me though it's likely benign, but want me to come back in a week for a second opinion. cue more obsession and the following week i go in and my lump has shrunk considerably! it gets diagnosed as a likely fibroadenoma which is benign. i have to go in another week to be sure, and a week later it was confirmed and i hadn't even needed a biopsy. i have to go back in august to double check everything's still fine, but other than that i have nothing to worry about.    please, don't get yourself worked up yet.  it is so likely that everything's fine and will work itself out.  i'm 28 so cancer was not likely for me, but i convinced myself that was my reality for 2 weeks.  i did a lot of damage to myself, my partner, and my baby in those 2 weeks.  i couln't care for myself or my baby and i am lucky i had people to lean in because i was beside myself.  lean on your husband for support but realize this is actually fairly common.  i know 3 other friends in their twenties who have had to get biopsies on their breasts/cervix and everything was fine.  do not work yourself up too much.  it is more common than you think. best of luck to you.
t3_1q0arx-t3_1q0arx-cdcufef	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother too has been battling breast cancer for a year now. she had a lumpectomy, mastectomy and chemo therapy and is now in the recovery phase. she has yet to have a follow up mammogram on her existing breast or blood test. she has been putting it off which makes me want to scream but i understand – sometimes it seems easier to not know. after much nudging and pleading from myself and my grandmother, she has scheduled these tests and i am grateful but feel in the same position as her –scared shitless. one thing that i’m envious of in your case is your mother’s courage. not that my  mother isn’t a hero in my eyes and has been incredibly brave throughout this entire process…. i just fear that she will not be able to go through another round of surgeries and chemo.  although my baby to be isn’t a bone i’m throwing to my sick mother, it is in a way, a gift of hope for a woman who has to choose to fight for life. your child is the same for your mother. i can’t imagine a better reason to fight for your life than a grandchild. brining children into the world is truly a selfless action and as i see it, is in no way selfish. think about it – you are offering your body, your future, your freaking nine months of sobriety, aches, pains, etc. so that your family bloodline continues. so that your mother will have a soft little baby belly to kiss and a young bright future to look forward to. your baby shower, holidays… these are all positive things your mom and my mom have to be excited about.   you are already offering your mother the best support anyone could ever give – hope. continue to be excited about the future and encourage your mom to be as well. this will give her strength to continue her battle. stay positive and enjoy every second you have with your mother and your baby to be! this is what i’m trying to do… lots of love and hope for the future your way!
t3_9atfk-t3_9atfk-c0c1vb1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8072	"i will not bore you now with the contradictory statements by consultants, or the three-hour waits for appointments that were cancelled, or the invitations to appointments for dates which had passed. i won't bore you with the lost files, and the lost x-rays, and the mammogram that turned out to be an x-ray of an ankle, or the surgeon who told me that he thought my approach to a mastectomy (which i didn't, in the end, have) was "a bit heavy". i won't bore you with the nurses who sighed and sulked and were soldered to their chairs, apart from the one who asked me, in a rare fit of bewildered humanity, why i was crying. er, because i've got cancer and i'm still in my 30s? a teensy bit upsetting, non?  but i will tell you this. the big problem with the nhs is the people in it. maybe they start out wanting to help their fellow human beings, to lift them, as our dear leader says, from pain to comfort, from despair to hope. maybe they fill out a form in triplicate (two of which get lost) saying that they want to help people, and get sent off to training schools: the consultants to one where they learn to flick through a file with a sense of harried self-importance and turn to you briefly and sneer; the receptionists to one where they learn to regard the arrival of a patient as a nasty intrusion in a nice day's chatting, and one to be punished with a lengthy wait; and the nurses... it would be frivolous to mention abu ghraib. but tempting."  http://www.independent.co.uk/opinion/commentators/christina-patterson/christina-patterson-the-big-problem-with-the-nhs-isnt-funding-1772538.html
t3_1gg178-t3_1gg178-cajzowp	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6779	absolutely hands down...medicine!!!! i was once on a pill for cancer that cost $166/per pill and i had to take it 4 times each day for 6 week. that is just a drop in the bucket when it comes to medical bills i have dealt with for treatment of breast cancer.
t3_1xdwei-t3_1xdwei-cfin2qf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6011	even though this question has already been answered well and thoroughly, i'm going to answer anyway since i just got back home for a 2 week break from the hospital/chemo a few days ago, i'm terrified of going back, and writing let's me calm down and feel part of this community.   my grandma beat breast cancer about 4 years ago. she has been a tremendous help, because she is able to understand exactly what i'm going through. while i'm still fighting my diagnoses, my operation was a success and although the tumor is gone, i am receiving chemotherapy until sometime in  mid-may. i had bone cancer and i'm terrified that the tumor will show up in some other part of my body, even after i finally do complete the chemotherapy. it bothers me tremendously that once you have cancer, there is always the possibility of it coming back. i asked my grandma if this constant fear would ever go away and she told me that it dulls with time, maybe with age, but would always still be there at the back of your mind. whether or not you choose to dwell, however, is up to us. if the thought comes back to her, she usually grabs a book, or watches something on tv, it's all a matter of distraction and life offers many of those.
t3_2y0hs6-t1_cp534iw-cp536zs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	honestly, unless things are crazy different in eu i don't think having your name changed should make much difference, and to clarify and prove my 'extended' wait time had nothing to do with the name thing. here's the short version;    the day i was to meet my gender therapist about beginning hrt my mother decided to tell me she had a breast cancer genetic mutation, which was hereditary. why she chose to wait all that time to tell me i'll never know, but basically once that came up, my doctor refused to give me hormones until there was more information. it was a nightmare.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hhf15	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6787	i had breast cancer and april 28th, 2013 is my 10 year cancer free anniversary!  i know so many successful cancer stories.  cancer can be beaten, there are wonderful advances in medicine everyday and the odds get better and better.  i have met people who were given no hope by their doctors and are still around years later.  we have an uncle who is living with non-hodgkins lymphoma, he has cancer throughout his body and is still going strong 20 years later.  keep your mom busy and hopeful.  hold her hand if she gets scared and stay strong for her.
t3_4jn4yt-t1_d38ek7m-d38n9ak	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i did that once, unintentionally making my boyfriend think i had a breast cancer scare.  i had a blueish patch on my chest and i wanted him to look at it and tell me if he thought it was a bruise or a reaction from my necklace or just my imagination. so i said "its probably nothing, but i need you to look at my chest and tell me if you think its okay."  he was very upset and then very relieved when i explained myself. i felt pretty guilty.
t3_3l1ms9-t1_cv2xoew-cv3x3se	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;no, you made a non-credible claim, and didn't back it up with credible results. your own sources proved my case.   i made a credible claim, which my sources backed up, and you engaged in disingenuous statistical dissembly. the overwhelming majority of military sexual assault victims are men, your statistics about women are due to how few women are in the military. ie you're engaging in bad math to make an appeal to emotion (you know, that thing you accused me of?)  &gt;a man sexually assaulting another man, particularly in a military context is going to typically have a far different impetus that the sexual assault of women, and a very different solution which is part of the reason why they don't belong in the same conversation.   rape is rape.  &gt;but it does substantiate the claim that the staggering majority of sex abusers are male, and therefore the problem is overwhelmingly up to men to solve. it's like targeting breast cancer awareness campaigns to women aged 40-70. yes, a small number of men get breast cancer, and very young women too, but your awareness campaigns are far better aimed towards the vast majority of the problem.  no, it doesn't, because it's already been repeatedly proven that [roughly half of all rapes each year in the us are committed by women](http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/ss6308a1.htm). the difference is thanks to feminist researcher mary koss it doesn't count as rape when a man is raped by a woman, because per her logic men "choose to engage in unwanted sexual intercourse".  in other words the exact same kind of sexist dismissal of male rape victims you've been making.  &gt;it's like saying sexual assault of men is a huge problem in male prisons. yes, it is. but it doesn't belong in a conversation about date rape and consent. it's a completely different issue, with different causes, different perpetrators, and different victims.   again: rape is rape. if you're not talking about rape victims you're not talking about rape victims. if you're part of a movement which actively makes things worse for rape victims, and actively silences anyone trying to talk about rape victims, you are part of the problem and not part of the solution.   &gt;hyperbole, strawman, and appeal to emotion. any more logical fallacies you care to add?  the irony is overwhelming. are you just totally self-unaware or do you know you're accusing me of everything you're doing and it's a deliberate tactic on your part?  &gt;i stated a case, and substantiated it with facts. you don't like the facts and claim a case that is discredited by the facts, then go on an emotional tirade as to why you're correct, despite obvious evidence to the contrary. who's the one getting angry?  you stated a case, substantiated it with bad math and dishonest statistics (as usual in cases like these), and then proceeded to engage in extroardinary hyperbole, non-sequitur attacks, and dissembly to try and reframe this.  and now on top of all of the rest of your cheap tactics you're resorting to a set of straw men so overdone, so predictable, they've [literally been color coded](http://i.imgur.com/1ercehh.jpg)
t3_1fvtan-t1_caeafk5-caeave2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6057	i looked to change my diet - researched and discovered caffeine fed my estrogen-positive cancer. so, i went cold-turkey with coffee, tried soy &amp; tofu till i learned too much has a reverse effect and now use rice milk. i  gave up weekly meat, avoid chemicals in my cleaning products and exercise more. since i had no family history of breast cancer, i feel strongly that the chlordane(outlawed in '88 for being toxic) that was pumped into my lawn to protect against termites, did its damage on me. that's why i created the great neck breast cancer coalition, to educate and raise awareness.
t3_257h4a-t1_chjc5zf-chjm33j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; "what are you going to do if they die? (before reconciliation) with the long list.. you going to the funeral?... see them in the hospital?? .. hold their hand and "tell them you love them" before they die?.. etc!  i will not see them before they die, i will not hold their hand in the hospital, i will not go to the funeral, i will not visit their graves. in order to take care of myself they either need to acknowledge the issues or be dead to me already. sounds harsh, but i need to take care of me.  &gt; forgive them for the abuse, which they have never acknowledged  my mother is not even aware of just how bad the abuse is, largely due to denial. i have forgiven my father and mother; they are a product of the abuse they suffered. i have forgiven my siblings; they had my parents after-all. i forgive them all; through all the generations back everyone is merely a product of the abuse they endured.   forgiving abuse is a very far cry from continuing to put up with it.  &gt; alcohol, violence, social humiliation, dislike of our lifestyle, etc.  yup, yup, yup, yup, and soooo much more. it's fkn ridiculous how they can not see their wrongs.  &gt;  i know him, he's still waiting for an apology.   ditto with my mother... for the first year at least. we got into it on my birthday about 18 months ago; she was the one that would call every 4 weeks without fail even if i was trying to avoid her, she stopped calling after that day. one year later, on my fucking birthday, she calls. leaves a vague message about not having talked in a while and "i'll talk to you later". you will? same generic message she has left a million times. then i find out she had breast cancer surgery and that's what (most likely) prompted her to call me. on my birthday. a once a year event that is suppose to be all about me and she calls to change it into all about her. i can hear it now: "happy birthday! btw, i have breast cancer!" as i told my therapist: if i was diagnosed with cancer, with 3 months to live, even days before someone's birthday, it can wait one more fucking week so i don't ruin their day. not dear mum. "oooooo, everyone is paying attention to you? let me change that, i'm more important anyway." (&lt;&lt;not actual words, i'm only imagining her thought processes :p )  it **is** the christian way to forgive, but does the bible say to forgive *and* be a doormat? forgive them. understand they are a product of their upbringing. or maybe mental illness xd forgive their weaknesses and rejoice your strength, but don't be anyone's punching bag.
t3_169923-t3_169923-c7u2o6k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sometimes i think breast cancer gets too much attention. i don't really know how to talk about this without sounding like a complete asshat, and i have a breast cancer survivor in my family so i know how deadly serious it is, but here's my rant:  in the last decade or so i've seen a huge amount of publicity about it, and i think it started out as a good thing- early detection saves lives, money was needed for research etc. now though, it's gotten to the point were women really have no excuse for not being aware of the danger, doing regular checks and everything, and i have to wonder if 'awareness raising' still has much point. at the same time there's been so much fundraising and merchandising that i have to wonder how much money breast cancer research can really use. it's starting to feel like a bandwagon for corporations to jump on so they look like they care.   the other thing is, and again i know i'm on thin ice here, it seems like there's this sort of 'whitewashed' aspect too it, because it affects women of every part of society unlike aids or hepatitis which have these sort of 'unclean' associations.  tldr: breast cancer charities are great but there are a lot of other serious diseases and issues that need more attention.
t3_29sbsm-t3_29sbsm-cio1cxs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it's just a fatty cyst, then there's nothing to worry about.  i've had a number of whippets get them in their lifetime.   they do tend to look 'lumpy' after a while.  watch it though, because if it is full of blood, it may be a hemangioma.  while not initially cancerous, they tend to pop open and bleed, and do not heal.  i had one whippet who kept getting hemangioma's, and i'd have to take her in and have a lumpectomy done every year or so.   the hemangioma's eventually went internal, became hemangiosarcoma, a cancer, and killed her.    lumps happen, you just have to keep an eye on them.
t3_13az8c-t3_13az8c-c72cbra	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it could be fat necrosis, have you had any blunt trauma or blows suffered to you chest region recently?  it might have even been something you didn't notice like bumping into something.  i would say even if it is cancer, it is most likely just carcinoma in situ, and you don't have to worry about it.  most women your age who choose to opt for a double mastectomy only do so if they have a certain gene which given your family history i don't expect you have  so i would say, see your doctor as planned, but just relax and don't dwell on it, cause its most likely nothing to be worried about.  there's no need to forward the appointment, unless you see any obvious morphological changes, if it is just a fat necrosis, chances are the lump will be gone by december 18 anyway.
t3_2l56c6-t3_2l56c6-clrlprz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not a proper answer but i guess it all depends on type, location etc etc.   my mother had breast cancer with a  double mastectomy which failed to catch it and it spread to all parts of the body but eventually died from lesions  on the brain  she didn't suffer a single days pain over the years involved. a state which caused utter bewilderment  in the medical staff involved who always came in expecting to dope her up to the gills.    but for which then, as well as now many years later, i only had heartfelt relief
t3_1l2987-t1_cbv30sj-cbv7uj0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	*i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol
t3_1p3z6r-t3_1p3z6r-ccyk4yi	breast_cancer	relevant	0.834	i have been fighting stage iv breast cancer for nearly 10 years with no break. i feel so bad for people who suffer during their treatments like this woman did because i've never had to. i have never been confined to a hospital bed, nor been surrounded by piles of pills. i work everyday and if you met me and didn't know i have cancer, you wouldn't even guess that i do. i consider myself very fortunate to have made it this long without suffering the effects that this woman did. it makes me wonder why i can last so long with such an advanced case, but i see others pass so quickly. i must be receiving the finest medical care. thanks doc. you're my hero!
t3_2d4yl2-t3_2d4yl2-cjm8tl0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6558	my mother had a mastectomy and she had about 9 months of serious physical therapy before she regained the full range of motion in her arm. before that point, aside from walking her doctor recommend she keep exercise to walks and the stretches and exercises the physio gave her. after that she started going back to yoga and slightly more intense cardio like spin (because she had more control over what she was doing in a spin class than in other things and she couldn't motivate herself for jogging or solitary exercise) and lifting light weights, but it took her over two years to be able to do any serious exercise again. she had she cancer 12 years ago and it's only in the last 6ish years that she's been able to return to something resembling her pre-cancer workout schedule.  now, she was around 48 when she was diagnosed and had just over a year and a half of chemo along with the mastectomy. in my experience of her and other friends who have had cancer, the return to exercise differs a lot person to person. i have however seen that all of them benefitted from work with a physio and starting with light exercise initially.
t3_2l6as8-t3_2l6as8-cls93y5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sure, chance of it being cancer might be small but breast cancer that occurs in young women is more aggressive and has lower survival rate. if they remove it and it comes back benign then yeah, you've hurt your family financially. it you don't get it removed and you end up needing more aggressive/expensive treatment later you'll hurt them more. if you die you will hurt them the most.  i am not particularly familiar with the us health system but could you get your doc that found it initially to refer you to a different hospital that would be able to work out a financing plan? have a frank conversation with them about this and see if you have other options.  best of luck.
t3_46n4lg-t1_d06h05v-d06h41q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	trampoline park still open?  lol  was going to go with my mom...but she was a few days post mastectomy and we feared her expander popping out.  lol
t3_1rty38-t1_cdrh71i-cdrs24s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	1. i'm saying that you can grow a mustache and be disrespectful about it (find it amusing, make money out of doing it) or you can grow a mustache and be mindful to make sure you aren't being disrespectful about it.  -um, hours of research sounds excessive, i should think just being open to listening to the opinions of those to whom moustaches are a genuine part of their life/culture should help you not be a disrespectful douchebag about it. and avoiding making money out of something and dressing up in something is a good way to avoid being exploitative in general. -people from the middle east don't have a cultural affinity with using their left hand, that's a completely different matter.  2. many people disapprove...yes of course that's opinions, that's the exact definition of what it is to disapprove. if you want an idea of how many, i can't be bothered right now to prove it to you, do some searching of the breast cancer tag on tumblr.  3. the grain literally only exists to make people conform and feel unhappy and make people into easier targets for capitalism and consumerism. it's stupid and we should get rid of the whole system.  4. i,e you agree with me, they do taint movember. agreed. you get idiots everywhere, agreed. some campaigns attract idiots more than others, e.g nationalist political parties, agreed? i think that was the point the author was trying to make, but tbh there's better points to be made against the campaign than the actions of invididuals.  5. yes there is, there's suggestions about working to breakdown ideas about masculinity, i.e the opposite of movember, which is upholding ideas about traditional masculinity.
t3_15l9e7-t3_15l9e7-c7oi8h1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	woah, woah, woah! i saw your other post in the breast cancer forum, and i hope you're feeling a bit better.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was 24. i was also (and still am) of the kale-smoothie drinking ilk, but i had the brca gene. i was probably stupider than you are, because my diagnosis didn't bother me (i was actually pretty excited because i had never had surgery before, and i thought it would all be exciting, add some fun drama to my life, and be a story to tell people). i ended up having a bilateral mastectomy, eight rounds of chemo, and breast reconstruction. i take a pill called tamoxifen every day, which decreases the chances of recurrence for my particular type of cancer.  honestly, there are a million different treatment options for you, and since we know so little about your specific cancer right now, i'm not going to lay them all out and potentially scare you over something you might not have to do. but i will say this: it is harder than stupid me thought it was going to be, but it wasn't nearly as hard as popular culture told me it was going to be. i am almost 2.5 years out of active treatment, and almost 3 years from diagnosis. i don't think about cancer every day. i'm engaged (to the guy who shaved my head, actually), and planning my wedding. i'm at a top five law school and am in the top ten percent of my class. my hair grew back. if i want kids one day, i have eggs frozen (consider this option).   i still get scared sometimes, and when i was going through treatment there were some times when i got really scared. but realistically, the vast majority of women with early-stage breast cancer do not eventually die of breast cancer. even women who are diagnosed with stage iv cancer often live very long lives.   you are likely to have a somewhat shitty six months or so, depending on your treatment plan. get your friends onboard with the idea that you can do brunch, but you probably won't be hitting the bars at 2am. tell your parents to gather their gonads, because this is not about them. if you have a family member who can advocate for you for the rest of the family and/or your doctors, let that person do it. i had an aunt who was amazing. she held her shit together, picked up the phone at all hours of the day and night, and flat out told my mother that if she couldn't hold it together maybe she should stay in the waiting room at my appointments. i also started a blog so that i never had to say anything more than once. if someone asked a question about cancer, i referred them to the blog and said i would only talk about cancer when i brought it up. it really helped me compartmentalize things.  really the big takeaway here is that this can be a blip on your radar screen. this does not have to be a life-changing event if you don't want it to be. once your treatment plan is put into place, you really don't even have to do anything but show up to appointments. just go autopilot for six months and it will be over before you know it. and if you have any questions, please feel free to shoot me a message. i'm also happy to share my blog if you wanted to see a blow-by-blow of how it all went down.
t3_22qhob-t1_cgpi7y1-cgpidk4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7624	to be honest, a lot of women.  i'm a 28 year old woman who had to get a double mastectomy at 21.  i have never stopped feeling self-conscious about my scars, despite being in a very long term, happy relationship.  i can't imagine if my vagina endured the same scarring and trauma.  i'd be devastated.  your appearance, even if it is something only you see, matters.  as a man, if your dick was chopped off, you would lament it forever.  it may not define you, but it would sure as hell cause you some stress, self-doubt, and anger.
t3_13qw2x-t3_13qw2x-c76eajb	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6802	my first wife started having backaches when she was about four months pregnant. our local md, without performing any tests, chalked it up to the pregnancy, and prescribed physical therapy and some sort of ultrasound massage. it only got worse, but he, and the pt, brushed it off. less than than a year later, when she was no longer able to walk or stand, she was diagnosed with stage four breast cancer that had metastasized to her spine.
t3_2e5pys-t3_2e5pys-cjwje5b	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5138	i had breast cancer in my early 30's. i had children young, breast fed them successfully, and was healthy (all things that make me *less* likely to get it). i never had an abortion, either.   his comments piss me off so bad, because he is blaming the woman coming and going. "shame on you for having an abortion, and shame on you for getting cancer." nothing like saying a woman gave herself cancer.
t3_rgv0t-t1_c45u2p7-c45udpo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[here's a ted talk](http://www.ted.com/talks/deborah_rhodes.html) from two years ago about a breast cancer screening device that is much more effective and much cheaper than current screenings.  the technology is available, but, at least in america, it's being held up by hospital corporations because they make so much money from current techniques (like x-rays, mris, and biopsies) that are less effective.   the point i'm trying to make is that awareness and research isn't the place we're lacking. the hang-up is not getting more money to researchers, it's getting hospitals to use the research we've already developed. and, while i have not had breast cancer, my mom and aunt have and have told me how insulting they find many breast cancer slogans to be.
t3_s0w3o-t1_c4a8o51-c4a9byj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5949	my health is actually not bad. i had heart and respiratory problems as a child, but shaped up alright.  i do have a 3rd nipple, but i'm not sure its radiation related haha . no superpowers. my mom  got breast cancer, but, thankfully, she managed to beat the odds and is doing well. it's really hard to tell what issues are radiation related and what might've happened anyways though. i moved to canada 10 years ago, and i've seen ukraine slowly fall apart.   the way they covered it up back then  was horrendous and it does make me angry. a lot, a lot of people died and got sick because the ussr did not want to lose face. my peers and i knew about cancer very young and lost classmates and friends.  this sounds really sad, and i don't want to slander my birthplace so much, even if it's kinda shit. even as a bald little thing, i had an awesome, wholesome ( level : communist) childhood, so communism was not so bad if you're under 18. sorry if this is too long :)
t3_2s23ls-t1_cnlvc5a-cnm8kqz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're right. far more than an interesting question, it seems fundamental to the point the paper attempts to make. showing correlation without showing it in the negative too is just missing half the equation.  for example, if i said i have a test that detects breast cancer in 80% of people who actually have it, that's useless without also knowing how often it detects breast cancer in healthy individuals.
t3_vqa0r-t3_vqa0r-c56phrf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6611	i'm a 17 year old going into my senior year of high school so of course my being younger than you is not helpful but i just want to say *please* hang in there! by that i mean, keep fighting and have hope for a brighter future for yourself and your dreams. do what you got to do and what's best for you because there's always a way.   i had a similar experience in which my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was about 8 or 9 years old. the chemo put her through menopause and with those two factors my mother was a different person, not as sweet as the 2nd grade teacher people knew her as. she provoked arguments that caused my siblings and i to avoid her whenever she was upset and my dad even contemplated leaving her. i know i'm tremendously lucky having parents that have been married 31 years and my mom is a survivor of 6 years since her last treatment. however, when i was 11 and my mom began to recover my grandmother who was like my 2nd mother, my roommate since birth, my best friend had a major stroke and was paralyzed on the right side of her body. her face changed and her body had gone from the cute plump grandma i was so familiar with to a frail version of her but at heart she was still the grandmother i adored my whole life. she use to be bilingual but she only spoke spanish from then on. at that time my spanish was horrible but we had our own way of communicating in spanglish (i'm improving it in her honor). it hurt us financially to hire nurses and to make our living room into a medical room she could be well cared for her in the comfort of her own home with her family. her wish was to be home and we all agreed and made it happen. i changed her, bathed her, fed her, watched her favorite movies and novellas and did my homework in her company. i was a kid and though my parents felt i was robbed of my childhood i grew up and matured and i'm a better person because of that. i would have done anything for her and i loved her with all my heart. one thing she always stressed was education and she wanted that for me and my siblings just as she did for my father even when she had no money to give him for school. she wanted us to be better off and live happy fulfilling lives and she felt family and education were the foundation for that.   so, my point to all this is one, you're not alone. second, even when the going gets tough, take a moment to breathe and keep going. if you have the drive for what you want then make it happen. it's not easy but it's possible. so whatever you decide is the best route for yourself just make sure to get your education and work hard. i hope this was helpful and i wish you the best of luck! :)
t3_a9p4c-t1_c0gik6r-c0gilhz	breast_cancer	relevant	0.674	* i'm 18. * i wasn't allowed to go to school because of my low immune system on the 'down' weeks. i had to be legally home-schooled (in an organized manner) the second time because i was out for so long. i wouldn't be able to survive in class anyway with all the puking/fatigue/headaches. when i returned, nobody dared to ask me about it, but i was happy to answer any questions. i actually revealed it to my 12th grade physics class (the curious teacher always asked me about it) and held a q/a haha. at the time, i guess my fellow 9/12 year olds cared as much as they could. * no lasting effects from the drugs. my hair came back curly the first time, and wavy the second though. it was straight originally. * i have, but i was 16 at the time and the req. age is 18 i believe. now, i'm not so sure. i have a lot of empathy, but i'm just not good at showing it. tell me if you ever do volunteer. i would like to hear about it (or do an iama and pm me it!). * my grandmother had breast cancer and survived. * stage 1, which is why it was so treatable. it wasn't small, but in a fairly obvious place (under my armpit).
t3_2hquce-t3_2hquce-ckvdajz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yayayayay!!! awesome. i had a breast cancer scare earlier this year, turned out to be a cyst. i was never so happy about a lump in my body ever. i hope you're well.
t3_4fyqzi-t1_d2dntgu-d2dr8gl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ovarian cancer runs in my family on my dad's side. my step-grandma lived with us while she died from it. it took about 3 years to die and i remember it very vividly. i was leaning heavily towards the surgeries while i was being told my results and talking with my ob, who i trust with my life. i just love her and always have. she's an amazing doctor. i talked it over with a few breast cancer survivors as well as another woman who had a prophylactic mastectomy and all of them encouraged me to go ahead with the surgeries. i've talked with an ovarian cancer survivor as well and she said the same thing. i'm losing my breasts and ovaries, but gaining decades of time with my husband and daughter. it's kinda a no-brainer. the last thing i want is my daughter to watch me get sick and go through chemo and potentially die. the odds are so heavily stacked against me that this seems to be the best bet.
t3_2ugke6-t3_2ugke6-co9mxnv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a cat who helped me in no other way anyone else could.   when i was 18 i lived in a drug house as refuge from my mom's home where our violent abuser lived. my little kitty was born from a stray who adopted our trashy house. i love/loved her more than anything. she helped me clean up off the drugs i was on. literally. she would not leave my bed as i writhed in agony from the withdrawls i went through due to my decision to quit, cold turkey. she reminded me, with her silent wide soft green eyes, of what i wanted to be when i felt a relapse. she saw me through a high school graduation i never thought would happen. she saw me through uncountable dating disasters. she helped me through other dumb non-illegal substance overdoses i ran into in my younger years. she became the reason i wanted to be a contributing member to society so i went to college. she saw me through all that, laid on my study books an all when i needed to take a break. all that. saw me through college graduation. helped me when my mother had a mastectomy and i went home to help her. my kitty moved through several states with me. there's more but yea. she died in 2013. she got lymphoma. i tried to fight it with chemo and the chemo killed her. she died a miserable long slow death that began in january of 2013 and finished in august of 2013.  it was so traumatic the other kitty in the house freaked out and stopped eating. i had two living beings to administer drugs to 3 times a day, administer water under the skin to 5 times a day, and force feed two times a day... when my kitty died - a huge part of me died. i am lost without her. she was my rock. she watched me go through a lifetime of healing and change. no one but her saw this. she knew me better than anyone. and - well, i know what you mean about animals and losing them. it's a major loss. i understand. the pain subsides but the trauma is a whole other deal. good luck to you.
t3_1siqgr-t1_cdy06lo-cdy2tv9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that is something that my mother always helped me with. she has anxiety as well (although not as bad as mine as less medically focused). she would always remind me that if it was something as serious as i thought it was it would have made itself more known. it wouldn't lurk forever. i've seriously been afraid that i've had a whole slew of awful diseases but she always reminded me that it was far more likely the little symptoms i felt stemmed from something normal. my mom actually had cancer and is currently in recovery and it's clear that if i actually had cancer, it would be more than just some odd lump i felt on my body, especially one i've had for a long time.  this is coming from someone who pretty much had the same problem. i felt these lumps in my breasts and was terrified i had breast cancer. never mind that i was 14 and these lumps have existed since puberty. eventually i had an exam and it turns out i have naturally lumpy breast tissue, which is perfectly common.   as a fellow hypochondriac, i always try to remember that bodies are unique and do a lot of strange things. they change all the time. just because something is different today than it was yesterday doesn't mean it's a disease. i know it's very hard. i was once convinced at 16 that i had syphilis despite being a virgin (thanks sex ed!). my anxiety has also gotten much better once i started on celexa.   practical advice: don't watch medical shows. don't go to web md. if it isn't too expensive go see your doctor just for a checkup every now and then and voice whatever concerns you have. unnecessary visits can be worth some peace of mind imo.
t3_qu928-t1_c40p08g-c40shfm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	absolutely not true. i have a close friend with breast cancer who had an insurance policy and it knocked a massive medical bill down to manageable levels (her deductible). people obviously complain loudly when insurance companies misbehave, but there is nothing to shout about when they do what you pay them for. so i think the narrative is a little lopsided.
t3_2qm3ix-t3_2qm3ix-cn7opg3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	coppafeel.org was made by kris hellenga who - i now reference her bio   "at 23 and 3 months i was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer. at 23 and 5 months i founded coppafeel!, the first breast cancer charity in the uk to educate young people on the importance of getting to know their boobs, and today i talk about boobs, a lot. i can either be found at hospital (yawn) or running the boob hq ship in london. believe it or not i do have a life outside of boob chat and cancer. i love food, for starters. especially ice cream. oh and i'm now 29. "  she's actually done loads to help the awareness of breast cancer in the uk. she attends festivals and gigs too urging girl in a humorous way (wearing giant boob outfits) to check themselves.
t3_4hmzlc-t3_4hmzlc-d2r0jq4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7393	i had that once, 8 years ago right before i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 33. it was the first time since having kids i felt like that, and it's been a long 8 years but i'm finally getting myself back in order.   your story is beautiful, simple, honest and genuine. thank you for sharing it, and please know that you're a hero to me, and that one day i want to have that moment again.   congratulations. you are wonderful :)
t3_451f6k-t3_451f6k-czuyzcs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we already look back at the past in which women were denied abortions and were forced to carry to term and give birth and be mothers against their will, or women went into back allies and had dangerous abortions, and we look back at that and cringe and think how horrible it was. we already do what you worry about, but we do it in the opposite way that you're thinking. it's *denying* abortions to women who want them that is horrible to think used to happen. not performing them.   imagine having sex without wanting to have a child - something nearly all healthy adjusted adult human beings do - and then becoming pregnant and your government denies you a safe reliable medical procedure to end that pregnancy, so instead you're forced as a prisoner in your own body for 9 months and beyond to suffer through some combination of all of this against your will:  **normal, frequent or expectable temporary side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;exhaustion (weariness common from first weeks)  &gt;altered appetite and senses of taste and smell  &gt;nausea and vomiting (50% of women, first trimester)  &gt;heartburn and indigestion  &gt;constipation  &gt;weight gain  &gt;dizziness and light-headedness  &gt;bloating, swelling, fluid retention  &gt;hemmorhoids  &gt;abdominal cramps  &gt;yeast infections  &gt;congested, bloody nose  &gt;acne and mild skin disorders  &gt;skin discoloration (chloasma, face and abdomen)  &gt;mild to severe backache and strain  &gt;increased headaches  &gt;difficulty sleeping, and discomfort while sleeping  &gt;increased urination and incontinence  &gt;bleeding gums  &gt;pica  &gt;breast pain and discharge  &gt;swelling of joints, leg cramps, joint pain  &gt;difficulty sitting, standing in later pregnancy  &gt;inability to take regular medications  &gt;shortness of breath  &gt;higher blood pressure  &gt;hair loss or increased facial/body hair  &gt;tendency to anemia  &gt;curtailment of ability to participate in some sports and activities  &gt;infection including from serious and potentially fatal disease  &gt;(pregnant women are immune suppressed compared with non-pregnant women, and are more susceptible to fungal and certain other diseases)  &gt;extreme pain on delivery  &gt;hormonal mood changes, including normal post-partum depression  &gt;continued post-partum exhaustion and recovery period (exacerbated if a c-section -- major surgery -- is required, sometimes taking up to a full year to fully recover)  **normal, expectable, or frequent permanent side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;stretch marks (worse in younger women)  &gt;loose skin  &gt;permanent weight gain or redistribution  &gt;abdominal and vaginal muscle weakness  &gt;pelvic floor disorder (occurring in as many as 35% of middle-aged former child-bearers and 50% of elderly former child-bearers, associated with urinary and rectal incontinence, discomfort and reduced quality of life -- aka prolapsed utuerus, the malady sometimes badly fixed by the transvaginal mesh)  &gt;changes to breasts  &gt;increased foot size  &gt;varicose veins  &gt;scarring from episiotomy or c-section  &gt;other permanent aesthetic changes to the body (all of these are downplayed by women, because the culture values youth and beauty)  &gt;increased proclivity for hemmorhoids  &gt;loss of dental and bone calcium (cavities and osteoporosis)  &gt;higher lifetime risk of developing altzheimer's  &gt;newer research indicates microchimeric cells, other bi-directional exchanges of dna, chromosomes, and other bodily material between fetus and mother (including with "unrelated" gestational surrogates)  **occasional complications and side effects:**  &gt;complications of episiotomy  &gt;spousal/partner abuse  &gt;hyperemesis gravidarum  &gt;temporary and permanent injury to back  &gt;severe scarring requiring later surgery   &gt;(especially after additional pregnancies)  &gt;dropped (prolapsed) uterus (especially after additional pregnancies, and other pelvic floor weaknesses -- 11% of women, including cystocele, rectocele, and enterocele)  &gt;pre-eclampsia (edema and hypertension, the most common complication of pregnancy, associated with eclampsia, and affecting 7 - 10% of pregnancies)  &gt;eclampsia (convulsions, coma during pregnancy or labor, high risk of death)  &gt;gestational diabetes  &gt;placenta previa  &gt;anemia (which can be life-threatening)  &gt;thrombocytopenic purpura  &gt;severe cramping  &gt;embolism (blood clots)  &gt;medical disability requiring full bed rest (frequently ordered during part of many pregnancies varying from days to months for health of either mother or baby)  &gt;diastasis recti, also torn abdominal muscles  &gt;mitral valve stenosis (most common cardiac complication)  &gt;serious infection and disease (e.g. increased risk of tuberculosis)  &gt;hormonal imbalance  &gt;ectopic pregnancy (risk of death)  &gt;broken bones (ribcage, "tail bone")  &gt;hemorrhage and  &gt;numerous other complications of delivery  &gt;refractory gastroesophageal reflux disease  &gt;aggravation of pre-pregnancy diseases and conditions (e.g. epilepsy is present in .5% of pregnant women, and the pregnancy alters drug metabolism and treatment prospects all the while it increases the number and frequency of seizures)  &gt;severe post-partum depression and psychosis  &gt;research now indicates a possible link between ovarian cancer and female fertility treatments, including "egg harvesting" from infertile women and donors  &gt;research also now indicates correlations between lower breast cancer survival rates and proximity in time to onset of cancer of last pregnancy  &gt;research also indicates a correlation between having six or more pregnancies and a risk of coronary and cardiovascular disease  **less common (but serious) complications:**  &gt;peripartum cardiomyopathy  &gt;cardiopulmonary arrest  &gt;magnesium toxicity  &gt;severe hypoxemia/acidosis  &gt;massive embolism  &gt;increased intracranial pressure, brainstem infarction  &gt;molar pregnancy, gestational trophoblastic disease (like a pregnancy-induced cancer)  &gt;malignant arrhythmi   &gt;circulatory collapse  &gt;placental abruption  &gt;obstetric fistula  **more permanent side effects:**  &gt;future infertility  &gt;permanent disability  &gt;death.  [link](http://www.thelizlibrary.org/site-index/site-index-frame.html#soulhttp://www.thelizlibrary.org/liz/004.htm)   *that* is what we look back on and think "how awful" about.
t3_4948tp-t1_d0p5ixm-d0p61hm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yeah, i had the gestational diabetes.  twice, actually.  with my 5-year-old and my 2-year-old.  i still had to be on 60 units of insulin at night, and another 60 spread throughout the day.  no matter what i changed on my diet.  no matter what, i woke up at 140 blood sugar.  60 units of insulin is a lot.  did nothing.  docs couldn't get the diabetes under control.  i was nearly carb/sugar free, still couldn't control it.  my liver fights my pancreas.  "pancreas wants to produce insulin and get rid of all of her glucose?  fine, i'll just make her an extra large batch."    yes, that's what happened.  i had a very good perinatologist and endocrinologist who were amazed how my body fought every bit of insulin i pumped into me.  thankfully, i'm no longer diabetic, or i'd be screwed.    there is no deceit.  i'm not "gaming" anything.  i almost never eat a full serving of anything.  seriously.  i don't need to lie to myself.  i know what i'm dealing with.    i had fucking breast cancer and gained weight during treatment.  so much for the weight loss of cancer treatment.  i gained.
t3_w9j29-t3_w9j29-c5biwu0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6064	first and foremost, i am incredibly sorry for everything that has happened to you. i can relate--every bad thing that happens in my life is because i fell away from the church and/or because i am a lesbian. it's not a fun situation, and there's nothing you can do to control other people's reactions.  secondly, get on top of treatment options. seriously. don't drag your feet. if insurance or whomever takes forever or drags their feet or whatever, you get on top of it and you hound them until they hurry their asses up. early treatment can seriously alter the path of your disease. my mom waited almost six months after finding a lump on her breast before seeing a doctor, and another three before the biopsy came back. the type of cancer could have been nipped in the bud early, but because she dragged her feet, treatment sucked, there is a great chance of it coming back, and they had to remove the entire breast instead of just removing the tumor. so please, do not let anything get in the way of early treatment. hiv is a very livable disease these days, and is not the end of the world, provided you get treatment.  thirdly, get a counselor. you've been through several traumatic experiences in a very short amount of time. counselors can help you sort through it all and get your life on track. the best thing i ever did was go to counseling when life started to suck. it can really clear your head.  fourthly, i'm going to echo what someone else already said--make a list of things you've always wanted to do. you have a unique opportunity here--it seems like you don't have a whole lot tying you down. once you get your hiv under control, pursue your goals. i have a bucket list prepared for the unlikely event that i break up with my partner--it involves traveling, lots of it. it involves selling almost everything i own and going balls-to-the-walls in search of a particular dream i have. whatever it is to you, do it. get your hiv treatment going, save up some money, and do whatever it is you've always wanted to do. learn a new skill, join peace corps (or, in my case, sea shepherd--crazy folk, but looks like a fun experience), do something you never thought you would have it in you to do.  the goal through all of this is to work on yourself and find fulfillment and to make sure you understand how much worth you have. you can do anything you put your mind to, including living an awesome life. just do it.  lastly, i'm sure you probably know who dan savage is. if not, look him up. if so, you might want to go re-read some of his columns about hiv, and maybe even write into him with your story. dude has a serious hard-on for people in your position, and he might be able to give you some good advice. also, worth checking out his coming out columns. although you're already out, the trauma involved with coming out to religious families is quite similar to what just happened with your hiv announcement. it might help.  if you ever need anything--for serious, man, just let me know. i don't care what it is, this internet stranger feels for you and wants to help in any way possible.
t3_4tehvs-t3_4tehvs-d5gpeen	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	absolutely do not try this. ice doesn't "numb" anything, by the way. i and many others here understand exactly how you feel, but injuring yourself in this way will only make it worse. think of the outcome if you try, fail, and end up hospitalized. you will not only have to continue to live with breasts, but they will be mutilated and scarred. there could be infections and other complications. there's a chance that people outside your family will find out about it somehow. you could be rejected or delayed in getting hrt and a legitimate mastectomy in the future due to being considered mentally unstable. you have to be patient. don't take out your rage, frustration, and depression on your body. it is only doing the best it knows how. please be kind to it. it will thank you later.
t3_43cu54-t1_cziaqtn-czlv60c	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	one of the reasons that people can scam others is that most don't know what having cancer is like or what happens and your post is an example, because you certainly can go to chemo and scans alone and in fact, most people seem to do that.    i have metastatic breast cancer - it has spread through my liver and now my abdomen and likely lungs.  i am terminal.  and i have had chemo for 6 years (i'm on my 9th regimen) and i have gone to every single appointment by myself.  my husband offers to take me but i want to go alone.  i also have scans on my own - in fact, i had a pet scan today and went by myself.  there is no reason one cannot do these things alone. the truth is, chemo can take many hours.  my pet appointment was 2 1/2 hours.  i don't want my husband sitting in a waiting room for hours when i am capable of going alone.  because most people don't understand cancer, and because it can be so different from person to person - people have no way of knowing somebody is lying.   the only way is to post test results, which i would expect people to be able to do, sadly.  one thing - when you lose your hair from chemo, it all falls out including eyelashes.  there is no stubble.  but you do not lose your hair with most chemos - mine is down to my shoulders and i go every 3 weeks like clockwork.  i've only lost my hair on my first chemo, all the others i have kept it (one it thinned dramatically but never fell fully out)  i have posted my pet scans, the results of my treatment, i have taken photos in chemo and today i posted a livestream of the pet.  why?  because of this scammer.    people like tracy make us all suspect.  even though i have not asked for money or am involved in fundraising, i have blogged about it, and who knows how many people will look twice at me because of her?
t3_oz3ae-t3_oz3ae-c3l7hqp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer about two years ago. it was still stage two when they caught it, but the tumor was fairly massive and rapidly developing. she got a double mastectomy and a full blast o' chemo.  my mother would not go down without a fight. she rarely missed work, and she still took care of our family as much as she could. the only time i saw her cry is when her head was shaved. she was bald, exhausted, and rapidly gaining weight from the steroids, yet she still stayed so positive. it was so inspirational. i've always loved and respected my mother dearly, but something about watching her strength during this ordeal made me see her in a different light.   she's in complete remission right now, with a new set of knockers and a different outlook on life. :)
t3_1jxy39-t1_cbjeekl-cbjty9i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8002	here's a question.  i went for some tests a week or so ago. there's something wrong with me because i feel bad in a way that i haven't before. just like exhausted all the time, drained, generally ill with no specific point of origin that i can see aside from an uncomfortableness in my left side. not a pain but something there in my chest/armpit/inner shoulder shoulder.  if on the off chance it came back that i had male breast cancer or lymphoma (yep, thanks webmd) what are the chances of volunteering for treatment like this? do they need human volunteers and do they hold trials?
t3_14qmdk-t3_14qmdk-c7fj949	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5017	unless you want anecdotal advice, you should talk to a professional. so here comes some anecdotal advice/story time. my mom had breast cancer way before my brother and i entered the picture. i knew she had it at some point. i didn't know at what age, but it was irrelevant because it was in her past and i was too young to care. when i was 10 or 11 it came back, but this time in her lungs (she had had a mastectomy for original treatment). i remember they gathered us all up and they told us, asked if we had questions, it was a very odd meeting to me. looking back i reacted poorly, but what do you expect from a 10 year old? i said i got it, i didn't want to talk about it and basically got angry any time people prodded me to talk more about it and how i felt. i didn't want to talk to them about it, it wasn't happening to their mothers, it was happening to mine. all i knew was she had cancer and it was essentially a death sentence.  luckily for me, she was around for another 14 years, but the tail end of it was awful and thankfully i was at least a legal adult and dealt with her actual death much better than 10 year old me probably would have. given the doctors saying it's very aggressive with a very small survival chance, your kids probably won't get that luxury. i still stand by the fact that i did not want to talk about it to others  then and am glad nobody bothered me too much to talk about it; but i'm no professional and who knows, maybe i'm wrong.  so i'll go back to my first sentence, talk to a professional.
t3_tre3k-t1_c4p2pj8-c4p2r2z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7598	wow ! then your family should be glad to have you ! including your bf. i actually also take care of my family in many ways. for example when my brothers are sick or something, i run errands for them and bring them medications. my mom would have to be the ultimate care giver in my family as well, but a couple of months ago we found out she had breast cancer and now the care giving turns around. thank god she's better. she got her tumor removed and it was just the starting so that was a good thing. she's getting better as days pass.   i do agree with the pregnancy thing. it is amazing how someone well a female can have a child in her tummy. it is a nice choice in career.
t3_3fehsh-t1_ctnvnv7-ctokmf2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6814	i did the same with my wife when we first got married. we had a good time and could do all disney parks very fast (plus it was october) for cheap. went from open to close for all four days. at the end i was surprised how much we did. coming from a family of 7, it was like a dizzying how much we did. we also hit up boardwalk and had a blast.   one year we did a single day at mk and mgm and saw fireworks at epcot. no way that would have worked with a kid under 14.   we skipped a few of the kid rides like small world and the carousel but rode thunder and splash mountain a few times.   now that i have a little guy, it has a whole new level of magic. we went last year when he was still free. it was great seeing him experience disney world. although it wasn't how we planned for his first time.    originally we were just going to visit my parents near orlando (no disney) but had to change our plans a few months earlier due to my mom being diagnosed with breast cancer and going through chemo / radiation during our trip. so our 14 days by the beach turned into 9 days at disney 3 at the beach, and one with my folks.   we are going again this year and my son will be 3. we have to get him a ticket now, but he has his own meal plan so he won't have to steal my desert at be our guest this time (will probably still happen) but are bringing my parents with now that my mom is done with chemo and radiation and has most of her strength back. got the photo package so we can take pictures galore and not worry about leaving someone out. normally not worth the money but hard to not do now...  a few nights we are going to leave my son with my folks so we can head over to boardwalk at night for some fun or maybe ride some big kid rides during the magic hours. maybe even check own downtown disney (not calling it springs) if i can get over my anger of the adventures club being shut down.   to say one experience (with or without kids) is better is comparing apples and oranges. disney has so much to do for all ages, it has so much for people of any age.
t3_2isfd7-t3_2isfd7-cl55gsj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5006	go immediately to get it biopsied!  i had a friend whose rare form of breast cancer started out looking like a persistent rash!  this form of cancer does not make a 'lump' you can palpate.  it is also hard to treat.  if neosporin and an antifungal haven't cleared your 'rash' up right away, you cannot afford to wait, even though a doctor is expensive.  my friend had no insurance and little money and she waited until it was too late.  please take care of yourself.
t3_12mrz7-t1_c6wjnl5-c6wprew	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	frank turner - long live the queen specifically about breast cancer and amazing fucking song  i was sipping on a whiskey when i got the call yeah my friend lex was lying in the hospital she'd been pretty sick for about half a year but it seems liked this time the end was drawing near so dropped my plans and jumped the next london train i found her laid up and in a lot of pain her eyes met mine and then i understood that her weather forecast wasn't looking too good so i sat and spun her stories for a little while tried to raise her mood and tried to raise a smile but she silenced all my rambling with a shake of her head drew me close and listen this is what she said now  "you'll live to dance another day, it's just now you'll have to dance, for the two of us, so stop looking so damn depressed and sing with all your heart that the queen is dead"  yeah she told me she was sick of all the hospital food and of doctors, distant relatives, draining her blood she said "i know i'm dying, but i'm not finished just yet, i am dying for a drink and for a cigarette" so we hatched a plan to book ourselves a cheap hotel in the centre of the city and to raise some hell they waste to all the clubs and then when everyone else is long asleep we know we're good and done  "you'll live to dance another day, it's just now you'll have to dance, for the two of us, so stop looking so damn depressed and sing with all your heart that the queen is dead" and south london's not the same anymore the queen is dead, and the last of the great has finally gone to bed  well i was working on some words when sarah called me up she said that lex had gone asleep and wasn't waking up and even though i knew that there was nothing to be done i felt bad for not being there and now, well, she was gone so i tried to think what lex would want me to do at times like this when i was feeling blue so i gathered up some friends to spread the sad sad news and we headed to the city for a drink or two and we sang  "we live to dance another day, it's just now we have to dance for one more of us, so stop looking so damn depressed, and sing with all our hearts, long live the queen"  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdqqrfhmfsa
t3_2smlo3-t3_2smlo3-cnqys6l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my daughter's father - my ex husband - is the most selfish, manipulative person you will ever meet. and because we share joint custody of a minor child together, he is in my life every damn day. some highlights:  - despite being an admitted alcoholic, actually won initial custody of our child and began keeping her from me, forcing me to drain all of my savings and retirement to win her back. his brother is a judge, his sister is an attorney. i wish i had been less naive, but i certainly learned my lesson. a $45,000 lesson that left me with nothing, but gave me back my relationship with my child.   - because i made more than him, i have to pay him child support. however, i was laid off and his response was that if i file for a reduction in support, he'll refile for custody. when i found a job - making $20,000 less than before - he reiterated the same threat. i can't afford to fight him. i can't afford cable or internet access. i can't afford an attorney.    - has been fired five times this year, and arrested once. none of it is his fault, of course. because he's unemployed, i can't file for relief. i'm drowning every month. i can't get out of it.   - i am having a second mammogram and ultrasound today. i may have breast cancer (although i don't think i do. same lump i've had since i was 20, hasn't grown or changed over time, was thought to be a calcium deposit. but the doctors are acting like i'm going to die any minute and they haven't even done a biopsy). if i do have breast cancer, i know the first thing he'll do is file for full custody and argue that i can't take care of our child. which is ridiculous. the man sleeps in every morning and gives her a pop tart for breakfast.      - if i have breast cancer, the child support i pay him is literally standing in the way of my treatment. i have zero disposable income every month. i am on a shoestring budget, and will be for at least the next 18 months, while his family bails him out of every situation in which he finds himself. they pay his bills, his rent - his brother actually gives him an "allowance." i won't be able to finance my treatment without a reduction in child support. cue custody battle.    the constant stress and unending stream of lies and manipulation - always said in the most caring and sincere voice, of course - has taken a toll on my sense of self and sense of security. but i'm still better off than i was when i was married to him, when his gaslighting, more basic lies, insults, and general awfulness were right in my face.
t3_2e25nz-t1_cjvjnuz-cjw6ldg	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6759	i think it depends on what you mean by 'conscious'. some researchers on consciousness describe different levels of consciousness. thus, dog consciousness differs from human consciousness, and so on down the line until you might even think of thermostat level consciousness. now, with that in mind, consider this story which larry dossey, m.d., documents in his book, one mind.  &gt;[a woman had a dream that she had breast cancer. worried sick, she visited her physician the next morning. she pointed with one finger to a specific spot in her upper left breast where she'd seen the cancer in the dream. "it's right here,‟ she said. she could not feel a lump, however, and neither could her physician. a mammogram was done, which was normal. when the physician reassured her that nothing was wrong and that they should take a wait-and-see approach with frequent exams, she was not satisfied. "this was the most vivid dream i've ever had,” she protested. “i'm certain i have breast cancer at this exact spot.” when she insisted on going further, the physician, against his  better judgment, pressured a surgeon to do a biopsy. "but where? there's nothing there,‟ the surgeon objected. "look, just biopsy where she points,‟ the physician said. in a few days the pathologist called the original doctor with the report. "this is the most microscopic breast cancer i've seen,‟ he said. "you could not have felt it. there would  have been no signs or symptoms. how did you find it?‟, "i didnt,‟ he replied. "she did. in a dream.‟](http://www.letmagichappen.com/images/uploads/documents/pdc2013-burk.breastcancerdreams.pdf)  if we accept this account as a factual story, then we need some explanation for how her mind became conscious of something happening in such a tiny location in her breast. if we have a theory of consciousness which depends only on neurons, then we need to explain how her neurons became aware of the tiny tumor. however, if each cell has a low level kind of consciousness, then that might help explain this information communication to her higher level of consciousness through her dream.
t3_y7a2v-t1_c5t3t1i-c5t7q34	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	for just my husband and i we pay over $1000/mo through his work. it is a small business so i am lucky to get it - i was on cobra and we were paying close to $900 just for me. i had breast cancer 6 years ago so i can't get private healthcare. my husband's company covering me is the only reason i finally got to start my own business instead of taking jobs just for the insurance. makes me want to to smack the smug (and expensive dental work) right off romney's stupid, greedy face.
t3_2ta2t2-t3_2ta2t2-cnxd329	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7518	had a lady come in for your standard shortness of breath, wheezing, and productive cough and was subsequently diagnosed with pneumonia.  ...however, on history and physical, it was found that she had a large seeping and ulcerated mass over her breast.  to this, we asked her how long that had been there.  she replied that it had been there and growing for essentially two years and never had it checked out.  she actually already assumed it was breast cancer when she first discovered it as a small lump, but she had a relative die of breast cancer after undergoing debilitating chemo and she did not want any of that and therefore never sought medical advice.  she said that she controlled the fluid seepage out of her breast lesion with kleenexes that was required to be replaced every few hours.    we ordered a chest ct to further evaluate and find out that this very likely breast cancer had spread to her lungs and to her liver.  subsequently we get our heme/onc consult and afterwards, the patient reports that "chemo might not be so bad after all".
t3_2onaa7-t3_2onaa7-cmqc1ju	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7475	dear andrew,     i first became a fan of something corporate after attending warped tour in the summer of 2003 (i think) with my daughter.  at that time, we had very little in common--she was a free-spirit whose wardrobe consisted solely of black t-shirts and wide-leg pants with black chuck taylor's;  i was a first grade teacher with who wore mom capris, matching hair ribbons, and keds.  after hearing your music, i was hooked!  more importantly, my teenaged daughter and i finally shared a similar interest and bonded with "leaving through the window."  between the two of us, we wore out that cd!  thank you for building that bridge during a tumultuous time!  a few years ago, my daughter told me she had heard you had leukemia.  i was relieved to hear that you had made a complete recovery.  in july of 2013, i was diagnosed with breast cancer and later attended a life-changing retreat for cancer survivors--camp mak-a-dream is located in gold creek, montana and hosts different retreats for children, adolescents, young adults, and women.  when i saw that you are an activist and advocate for young adults facing cancer, i immediately thought of cmad.  check them out online and spread the word to the cancer patients you encounter in your charitable endeavors. i can't say enough about this retreat--the breathtaking beauty of big sky country, the amazing staff, and the incredible bonds established with fellow campers are the reasons i will always count down the days until the second week of september for the women's retreat!  stay well and keep sharing your gifts!
t3_3mz9xt-t1_cvjf49m-cvk5u6v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for this and as i re read this i want to be sure it didnt come across that pro's were disconcerting because the ones i dealt with were the reason i joined two leagues and participated in a breast cancer benefit, my first ever.   my average was around 145-155 when i quit long ago and while i bowled frequently and in leagues, i rarely got into the nuts and bolts. but this time, im extremely interested in everything involved and am learning a lot. ditched my 20 year old ball, picked up a new one, received some very helpful tips and am enjoying it immensely. the tips and observations in this thread really help to overlook the nonsense. thanks for that
t3_3bf0di-t3_3bf0di-cslkpfh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	please get it checked out - it could be something simple like a contact dermatitis (which they'd just give you a cream for), a clogged duct, or it could be something more serious. i don't want to scare you but there is a type of breast cancer called paget's disease that often starts as changes in the nipple. i had something similar to you a few years back and went to the doctors. they did a mammogram to be safe - luckily it was nothing and a topical cream cleared up the chafing and i haven't had a problem since.
t3_295cja-t1_cihupjj-cihv08c	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6546	oh god. the horror. i stayed there for two weeks to help out my grandparents because my grandmother is going through breast cancer a 2nd time and is on chemo for the 4th time. i did a lot of yard work, mowing, hedge trimming, etc. but my aunt, nope works 4 days a week at a call center, and spends the rest of her time smoking in her room **inside** the house and you can smell it if you walk anywhere on the top floor and it is not a small house! she would always ask me to do a "small favor" to most people this means "could you grab me a coca-cola?" or "could you bring me my phone?" to her it means " wax my truck, change the oil, and go fill it up and while your at it grab me a box of fudge bars at walmart." and never a single please or thank you.
t3_48v8xx-t3_48v8xx-d0mzt3k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have breast cancer and potential birth defects on my mom's side and heart problems on my dad's side. my mom is also...narcissistic so i don't feel i have the skill to be great mom. i adore kids and have worked with them in the past but not full time. no.   my husband has hereditary multiple extostosis(or something like that, he glanced over my shoulder) before puberty he grew bumps and spurs on his bones requiring 11 surgeries so yeah...no kids for us. vasectomy is on the 11th!
t3_3h7ez7-t3_3h7ez7-cu5kapt	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i asked my oncologist about this before i started my tac 3 weekly regime for breast cancer. i had stage 3 inflammatory breast cancer so i was told by many doctors that they were throwing everything they had at me. with regards to the alcohol, i was way too sick to even consider drinking but my oncologist said if i felt like one that was fine.   you said "i wonder if it's contra-indicated to eat too many nutritious antioxidant food when undergoing regular chemo" this was another question i asked my oncologist before beginning treatment. he said "if it's food it's fine. if it's a supplement it's best to avoid it". so a diet rich in greens will do good not harm so don't be afraid to eat.  i really struggled with anxiety over my diet because i was overweight but i came to the conclusion that during treatment is not the best time to try and change old habits. i had enough to deal with without stressing over food too. i did the best i could while having treatment but tried my best not to beat myself up when i ate something i shouldn't have.  now i have been cancer free for 3 months, i have found lchf (low carb healthy fat) and the weight is coming off without too much effort. i feel healthier than ever!  so just do the best you can. you will be amazed at how strong you really are.
t3_2tmzrv-t3_2tmzrv-cq5ono9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi katie,  my husband and i have a small business, nextco, inc., where we sell a few ios apps, including my two favorites: mutantmaker and tickertalk. http://www.nextcoinc.com/mutantmaker.html?logo=11&amp;slogan=20 http://www.nextcoinc.com/als_tickertalk_fundraiser.html i had invasive, node positive breast cancer in 2012, &amp; while the cancer is in remission, the treatment side effects made me extremely ill. for nearly two years i was mostly bedridden, unable to read or even watch tv . during this time, the nerdist podcast helped me immensely on many levels.  the evolution of the podcast; a few friends, reinventing themselves, making a place to manifest their talent and creativity, to witnessing their success, and now helping others do the same, has been an joyous, inspirational journey. i am truly happy for all of you.  for me it all started with mr. hardwick interviewing neil degrasse tyson. i am in my early 50s (or as i like to say, mid-century modern +), but i am amazed at how much chris and i have in common in terms of taste and ‘nerdiness'. i used to be teased for having a crush on carl sagan, but maybe chris did too.   fortunately, my condition has started to improve. i've been able to watch some of the nerdist videos &amp; am a huge fan of @ midnight. i go back for more surgery 4/14/15. hopefully, the ‘auto-destruct sequence’ can be terminated before i am terminated!  btw, part of all future tickertalk profits will always go to als research. (my mother died from the disease 5 days after her 57th birthday. loved chris's version of the ice-bucket challenge.  lastly, if anyone at the nerdist would like free copies of the apps, please let us know.  thanks for any help. andy nextco, inc.
t3_b5f4u-t3_b5f4u-c0l31kh	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6479	i am afraid i will be alone the rest of my life. i have breast cancer and had a mastectomy. reconstruction isn't an option.  no man will want me looking like i do.
t3_ylwbr-t3_ylwbr-c5wtdga	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hahahah yes yes. trust me. for a few weeks i was positive my appendix was going to burst &amp; so i felt sore on the right side of my abdomen. and then i was sure i had breast cancer. now i'm worried i've got a tumor on my back like in 50/50. we're humans, we get aches and pains. it's completely normal. and it's kind of spectacular that our brain is powerful enough to fool us regularly to the point where we actually feel the pain. spectacular yet not cool.
t3_223xls-t1_cgjccny-cgjly87	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6698	not exactly. the graveyard inspecting thing is not only about comforting the dead, but also to bring good fortune to the living family. it does not predict the future but instead it tries to affect it.  source: i am chinese. my mother had stage ii breast cancer and she recently asked a fengshui master to relocate my grandfather's grave. she also visited a psychic some hundred kilometers away and quite unsurprisingly he used the same techniques with your western psychics.
t3_2pghim-t3_2pghim-cmwgm2e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm going to answer your question like you are serious.  running for donations has become a popular thing to do and it's quite well understood that running is quite strenuous and most people actually don't do it becuase it's tough, tiring and uncomfortable,  they are running and taking donations to make a difference in people's lives, becuase many people have died from cancer and it caused pain and loss to many people.  you also personaly don't have to give money to anyone, we do it becuase you care. and you're right you don't have to, but it kind of makes you sound like a shitty person when you say you "couldn't care less about breast cancer"  it could affect you or somebody you know then how would you feel? i'm sure then you would accept treatment and donations.   they took your post of eli5 becuase your post looks like a troll. and it's hard for people to understand how a person can't grasp basic concepts like this. becuase even a 5 year old would.
t3_1j9w5z-t1_cbcluts-cbdabqk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not my ex, but a similar story. my mother had to have a mastectomy earlier this year after discovering a lump in her breast. the day of her surgery just happened to coincide with when a 'friend' of mine was throwing her 21st birthday party. needless to say, i chose to be with my mum in hospital rather than go to the party. 'friend' threw a temper tantrum about me abandoning her, spent the whole day alternating between insulting me and trying to convince me to leave the hospital, and claimed i was to blame for ruining her big day. she's still trying to get back in contact with me.
t3_4xymkj-t3_4xymkj-d6k5q7u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	late on this, but i'm still so pissed off at this professor.    mid-semester (too late to drop courses) the entire right side of my body went numb.  i couldn't write or type easily, and it was pretty nerve-wracking because i had a ton of doctors' appointments to figure out what was wrong.  i told my professors because my classwork was affected.  i was eventually diagnosed with ms.  i emailed my professors to ask for incomplete grades because it was a lot to process, and i was struggling with the symptoms as well as wrapping my 20-year-old brain around having an incurable and possibly debilitating illness.  all of my professors were very nice about it and agreed to give me incompletes so i could take the rest of the semester to get second opinions and figure out treatment.  one professor in particular, my chemistry professor, even went so far as to commiserate with me about medical issues.  she told me she had dealt with breast cancer and understood how difficult these things could be.   fast-forward a few weeks to the end of a semester; the chemistry professor failed me.  i figured she probably just forgot and emailed her.  her response was "i changed my mind."  what?!?!?  i was devastated.  had i known, i could have made some effort to try to finish the class.  it is literally one of the biggest reasons i took a 5 year break from school before going back (almost finished now, at a different school).  fuck that professor.
t3_3zy5dk-t3_3zy5dk-cyqcovc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	isn't the hammer slowly killing her or some malarkey like that? for thor it's only a matter of how long a mortal women with cancer will live. plus lady thor is jane foster, who ad you may know has had a romantic relationship with thor in many continuities or at least a deep friendship.  as for how she got it she was diagnosed with breast cancer and thor lost his right to wield it after fighting with nick fury. she would pick it up to help defend asgard and learned to wield it by remembering how thor used it. this does come with a cost, every time she turned to lady thor it does speed up her cancer growth. she doesn't have long if they don't stop it.
t3_v62k9-t3_v62k9-c51ndsz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7875	never anything of my own but my mum had a double mastectomy and had sent a picture where it had gone wrong to a doctor. i accidentally found it and panicked and sent it to the top person in the address book which turned out to be my scout leader.
t3_2d3kma-t1_cjlranz-cjlrc5l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i forgot to say, i don`t want to use hormonal birth control. i have had very bad experiences before and i`m also likely on the verge of menopause. i don`t want to upset that precarious balance. also, i have a higher than average breast cancer risk.
t3_2sid26-t3_2sid26-cnpufyp	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8305	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer the summer break after my second year of university. we have a farm at home and with chemo and surgeries she couldn't work, and dad wouldn't have been able to handle it himself, so i went to my counselor and took the semester off to work at home. that was really the first adult decision i ever made, up until then i'd always had people making my choices for me. it was a tough year but luckily with a mastectomy and chemo she came through it well and i was able to go back and finish school, so i have no regrets there.
t3_1h3sdl-t1_caqn4lu-caqv7p3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fuck! my girlfriend did exactly the same to me when we were only starting to get together. my aunt had just undergone surgery for breast cancer and she asked "how's your cunt??", swiftly followed by "oh my god i'm so so sorry, my phone autocorrected it and i'm so sorry!!!!!"  i just thought it was hilarious and she couldn't live it down, even when i bring it up now she gets so horribly embarassed and apologetic. really fucking funny stuff.
t3_4hh4fl-t3_4hh4fl-d2r33ih	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	52 year old woman. i had a mastectomy for breast cancer. since then i struggled with almost daily swelling of my arm on the breast cancer side. (lymphedema) in the year since starting keto i have had less then three incidents of lymphedema. it's just not an issue anymore. people lose limbs to lymphedema, so this is a real problem for breast cancer survivors.
t3_4s43uz-t3_4s43uz-d56wszn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7515	i was given gabapentin and had an bad response. we cut the dose as much as possible. finally the pharmacist recommended i try the liquid so i could get a very small dose. so now i take 35mg of liquid when i need it. i am no longer taking it for migraine, it never worked for that. i am taking it for nerve pain after a mastectomy and it does work for that.   drugs work differently for different people. and the odd thing is in ten years you may take it and it works perfectly. i am successfully taking drugs now that i could not take 20 years ago.  put it in your migraine journal, you won't remember how it effected you in ten years and you may need to remember. it's too bad treating migraines is such a crap shoot.
t3_1kbl34-t3_1kbl34-cbo0i97	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7344	i have stage iv inflammatory breast cancer which by its nature is quite aggressive and diffuse. my cancer is treated with neoadjuvant chemo to shrink the tumor(s) and then depending on the tumor response, surgery may come months after the initial diagnosis.  i am not a patient person and if i were in your situation i would also want the tumor out.  but i'd first get the pathology report. read it, look up what the words mean. i don't know what the primary was (ovarian?), but if ovarian, the staging is done using ajcc/tnm or american joint committee on cancer/tumor, node, metastasis staging method.  one of the things on there will be the grade. ovarian cancer is graded gx, gb, g1, g2, g3 &amp; g4.   * gx - the path can't determine what the grade is * gb - borderline malignant * g1 - well-differentiated cells means it's easy to see what are normal cells and which are the cancer cells. this cancer isn't ***generally*** aggressive * g2 - moderately differentiated cells means the path can see where the cancer is, but it's not so clear where the cancer stops and the normal cells start. * g3 &amp; g4 - poorly differentiated/undifferentiated cancer means the path can't tell where the cancer stops at all. g3 &amp; g4 also means *this tumor*, is likely quite aggressive, will divide and spread quickly.  i'd get clarification from the path for everything you're reading. be nice. pathologists are often found in the basement, in windowless rooms and the last time they spoke to a real live patient was their third year of medical school. i'm not kidding when i say they don't talk to patients. keep at it. if the path doesn't get this right, everyone else is working in the dark.  if my tumor were a g3 or 4, i'd keep the surgery appointment for the 4th, but shop for a new surgeon in the mean time and make it happen however you can. again, that's me. i am quite comfortable leading my own parade. others prefer to trust their docs to make it all work.   if it were something less, then i'd probably stick with the original surgeon, but call his office every day asking if there was a cancellation and if you can be fit in. a five hour surgery isnt' so likely to be fit in though.   also know that just because the surgeon has budgeted five hours, does not mean it's going to be five hours. it may be significantly shorter or longer depending upon what s/he finds.  good luck. i know the initial diagnosis can really throw you for a loop, but once you have a plan, then things are still crazy, but at least you know the plan to get from point a to point z.  cc
t3_1fcq6t-t3_1fcq6t-ca92v4s	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6569	every day somebody finds out that they have cancer. millions around the world are affected by this. the question now is, what are you going to do about this?   are you going to give up and let the cancer get the best of you? or are you going to fight for your loved ones, your friends, and most importantly, you.  cancer is a bitch. it sucks, it's something i would never wish someone would get because you see what chemotherapy does to people.   you lose your hair: yes you become sick: yes you become physically weak: yes  my mom survived stage four breast cancer. people supported her as people will support you.  but again, the odds aren't always against you. struggles will come and go through your life. things will get difficult, but don't you dare count yourself out. if you're willing to go through this battle, then it can be beat!  reddit supports you, your family supports you, your friends support you. now you need to be the one that takes the next step and gets prepared to fight for your life.  fuck the odds. survival chances could be 1 in a million. but there's still that 1 that you need to cling on to. the one that says "fuck this, i'm gonna kick cancer's ass". are you that one?  you're not dead. you have a fighting chance, and you have reddit and others in your cheering section.  come on man, you can do this. you just need to try.
t3_3jj71j-t3_3jj71j-cupok1b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey. i had my chest surgery almost a decade ago (double incision mastectomy w/ nipple grafts), and had some not-so-appealing results of my own: one nipple was almost lost, and ended up looking unnatural and like it was melting down my pec. i also have some pretty significant "dog-ears" because of a combination of my weight at the time, and my surgeon not knowing how to properly curve the incision; they go pretty much straight across my chest and around my sides horizontally.  i was pretty embarrassed to go without a shirt for a while. dude with a weird fucked up nipple and flappy fat-wings under his arms? nobody wants to see that shit, i thought.  but i gave it time. what felt weird and freaky to me eventually gave way to just being my new normal. my non-tit normal. okay, so i've got some wingy things. i've got a funky nip. but i don't have boobs. i don't have to bind. i go topless in the pool, and if anyone has a problem with my melty nipnop, they can deal with it because this is my damn body and i'll wear it how i like, thank you.  i don't know if this is really helpful to you at all, but i guess the takeaway is to give it a little time. it might seem awful now, but have patience with your body, and have patience with yourself. based on how long it took you to make the decision to get surgery to begin with, you clearly know how to play the long game. i have confidence that you'll make peace with things.
t3_3jolek-t3_3jolek-curamgd	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8329	it's good that you recognize that you are eating for emotional reasons instead of just because you are craving it. let me tell you a bit about my story and maybe it will help you in the long term.  i have been overweight since i was about 19. going on all kinds of diets, hating myself everytime i put the weight back on etc. i am sure you have heard it all before. but the important thing is that i found lchf/paleo about a year and a half ago and the constant need to eat carbs began to subside but then, after about 6 months of struggling with paleo i was diagnosed with breast cancer. then a week later my dad was diagnosed with the cancer that ended up killing him 8 months later, just after i had had my mastectomy. i'm telling you this, not because i want sympathy but because i want you to know that in times of stress like i went through and like you are going through now, our emotional eating is highlighted. i found that i used food to dull my emotional pain. it sounds like you may be doing the same.  so what did i learn from the experience? a few things, firstly, emotional eating can make you feel better in the moment but inevitably it doesn't help with the underlying problem. sometimes you just have to cry. sometimes you have to cry a lot. feelings are hard to face often but just think of them as storm clouds. they pass. maybe you just have to feel like shit for a bit and try not to dull it with food.  secondly, and this is important, once you are done feeling like shit :) find things that make you happy other than food. i found writing a journal helped. i also found mindfulness meditation to be a great help (i meditation sounds like hippy crap but it does work). what inspires you? dancing?  singing? writing? reading? sometimes when i am feeling like shit i cry and then put on some music and dance (often in the dark where no one can see me). at first i feel stupid but eventually i can't help but feel better. find what makes you happy and you will start to turn to food less and less.  finally, when you do turn to food and eat a bucket of ice cream or a packet of biscuits or both, be kind to yourself. nobody is perfect. just try to eat better the next time you eat. maybe this break up is your chance to find what makes you happy. there really is a silver lining to everything. today you are alive and so today is a good day. breath deep and smile :)
t3_47l9an-t3_47l9an-d0dqfw5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a history of breast cancer in my family. when they ordered a breast ultrasound, i thought - okay! all is normal :)  when i was placed in your position, needed a bit more, i got a little scared.  but all worked out well, got my reduction and feel great.
t3_1cduz4-t1_c9fylas-c9g0y3y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	from what i have researched specifically related to breast cancer is reducing and ultimately excluding dairy of any sorts.   also that video i posted about flax seed consumption sounds like a good idea.   i think focusing on fresh, organic, whole foods is important for your body to heal. i know a lot of people who went vegan and/or raw to heal their bodies from cancer and other disease and it has worked really well for them. other sources of protein that are "quick": mushrooms like maitake and shiitake (cancer fighting), beans that are cooked properly (soaked, rinsed, slow cooked with seaweed kombu) and soaked nuts and seeds. i wouldn't worry about your protein. there are plenty of other ways to get quick protein other than meat.   check out reishi mushrooms cancer fighting powerful medicine. you can buy tincture or powder online. i strongly recommend you seek this out.   nutritionfacts.org has a ton of great info on a cancer fighting diet and nutrition in general  also go over to r/vegan and post over there or just look around. tons of good info. personally i think organic, vegan, whole foods (no processed foods) is your best bet.  whatever you've been doing and eating obviously set your body into an abnormal pattern, something must be changed for you to heal!  go lady, you are strong.   (i can give more cooking and eating tips if you are interested. i didn't want to get too long winded ;)
t3_1qtdm0-t3_1qtdm0-cdgdmut	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a very bizarre meeting with a parent a couple of years back. it wasn't actually because of a student of mine, it was my teaching partner's student but i still went to the meeting.   a small bit of context: the school had a new principal who changed a lot of things in the school in a short period of time.  the previous principal had essentially catered to whatever the parents wanted because it was a very affluent community and she wanted to make the school seem like a private school, not a public one.  weird little things like not allowing the teachers to have tim horton's coffee cups because it was seen as lower class.  the teacher's could only buy coffee from starbucks (really).  anyways... those are totally different stories.  the point is, the parents were used to getting their way and this new principal that came in basically put an end to some of the very superfluous spending and the parents did not like him.  so this parent meeting was really a back-handed way at getting back at the principal, but myself and my teaching partner got lined up in the cross-hairs in the process.    the parent wanted to meet because she didn't agree with us watching a movie in class during class hours.  we watched a movie in class for two reasons.  one: between our two classes we had just recently raised **$10,000** for cancer research after a student lost his mother to breast cancer and kids in our classes wanted to do something to help.  we wanted to reward their efforts.  two: we were watching bridge to terabithia because we had just recently read the novel and were doing a comparison of the movie to the novel.   well, the parent did not like the idea that we were wasting class time to watch movies.  she came in to this meeting with myself, the principal, and my teaching partner with the district's teacher handbook.  she wanted to know which specific educational minutes were being used to watch movies in class.  she demanded to know the circumstances around why my teaching partner had taken a personal leave earlier in the year (which is really none of her business), she complained that due to us "wasting" two hours of school time watching tv, she now had to take away her child's tv watching time at home so that they could do school work.  apparently he only gets to watch tv on friday evening and now did not get to watch any tv that week.    it basically became a 90 minute meeting where we ended up having to justify every minute of our lesson plans and explain to her how each assignment aligned with specific curricular outcomes.  all because she ultimately wanted to find a way to get the principal in trouble because he stopped funding custom made school folders to be handed out to parents at the beginning of the year.    even to this day i cringe a little when i think about using videos as teaching tools in the classroom because of the headaches that it caused.    **tl;dr - high needs parents are worse than high needs kids**
t3_2u2smb-t3_2u2smb-co5ho2p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i would only disclose if there's a need to.  being friends is not a need. they don't need to know anything about that.  if you want to tell them you've had surgery just say you had a mastectomy or something. it's true. or tell them you had a penis enlargement surgery lol.  if you get close to one of them and trust them then cross that bridge when you come to it.  might also be worth just not dating within your friend group in the first place. that's my policy.
t3_4zy7t5-t3_4zy7t5-d6zxqeg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7559	so sorry for your loss.   i have a close friend with breast cancer, diagnosed in her early 30s. for ages, she was told it couldn't possibly be cancer because she wasn't in her 40s... more awareness and education is needed for sure. but, right now, just allow yourself to grieve, treasure the good times, and let people love and support you. i hope you have family/friends around you to help. don't be alone with this. and use reddit for support too. my condolences.
t3_2lf4gh-t3_2lf4gh-clugiry	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6556	i know how you feel. i have horrible health anxiety. i have thought i've had breast cancer for a while now and i've always put copious amounts of stress on myself thinking everything is wrong with me. i hate it so much.
t3_n33in-t1_c35y02t-c35yhg1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	do you want to know why breast cancer gets so much funding? because ain't nobody know how to market like women. we saw something we didn't like, and we turned it into a sales opportunity. women did it. they bonded together and organized marches and events and t-shirts and cute slogans. they talked openly about their experiences and struggles and survival and loss. we didn't take anything from men, we built something for ourselves.  essentially what it boils down to is that if you want something done right, perhaps you should quit whining and acting like this has anything to do with gender, and organize a march. great accomplishments are never begun with crying into your cheerios, but with steps towards achievement.  **tl;dr don't blame on women what can be attributed to men's laziness**
t3_1lcj3z-t1_cby36js-cby4xxr	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	came here to second this.  i was a budtender for three years in ca and yes, while some of our membership consisted of silly 20-somethings looking to get "so fucked up, bro", the overwhelming majority of people i served were extremely sick and in dire need of relief.  the majority of our membership was severely sick or disabled.  examples of the diseases our membership had include things like cancer, hiv, an alphabet of hepatitis, arthritis, osteogenesis imperfecta (think mr. glass from unbreakable) and a number of bone/joint diseases, crohn's, ibs, lyme disease, diabetes, migraine, epilepsy, depression, anxiety, insomnia, traumatic injuries, etc.  i remember seeing a new member come in once with a look of hopelessness and devastation on her face.  i introduced myself and asked her "what brings you in to see us today?"  as she stared at the edge of the wooden counter she said, "i have metastatic stage iv breast cancer and i need something for palliative care.  i'm dying."  her statement hit me really hard for some reason.  i managed to choke out an "i'm so sorry." and tried to focus on the symptoms she felt, how she wanted to feel, how she wanted to take the medication, what tastes she liked and didn't like.  she got a couple cookies, a bottle of infused olive oil, and a mixed eighth of bud.  when she left, i just lost it and bawled.  about a month later, i saw her again.  this time she was smiling and radiant.  she said that after visiting us and trying part of a cookie she started being able to look past the imminence of her death and decided that she needed to go on living her life, however short.  she got the same thing again: two cookies, bottle of olive oil, another mixed eighth.  a few months after that, we received a card from her family thanking us for helping her in her final months.  it turns out that she had passed away a few weeks after her second visit to our collective.  because her outlook on life improved, the card read, the time they spent with her at the end of her life was more positive than at any other time during her illness.  until i met this woman, when people would ask me about my job i would tell people that i was a "legal drug dealer".  meeting her really complexified the way i felt about my job by revealing to me the importance of what i was doing and my role in helping people feel better.
t3_15od12-t3_15od12-c9dj45e	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom got a bad prognosis when they first found her breast cancer.  it spread to a few lymph nodes.  it didn't look good at all.    she fought and fought hard.  in the end she had to get a double mastectomy but, she is alive and cancer free now.    she's a much better person because of it too.  before, she suffered terrible anxiety. some days to the point of being agoraphobic.  since facing her cancer and getting out alive she has taken that strength she found to fight the cancer and used it to fight her anxiety.  she's even gone on long flights and trips for a week at a time on her own. this used to be impossible for her...even a night alone would be terrifying to her.    it was a horrifying experience but, she found strength, she stayed focused, she tried to not focus on the big picture of what she was fighting but broke it down into little battles with big victories throughout the day, and in the end she left the bad behind and kept that strength.  if my mother who seemed like a weak willed person could figure it out and fight you can too.
t3_163ny8-t3_163ny8-c7sfdfw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's a little scary, actually. before you start growing actual boobs little hard lumps called breast buds develop under your nipples. i thought i had breast cancer when it happened, and apparently other girls did too.   it's also rather uncomfortable, because as your boobs start growing they hurt so badly you can't lie on your stomach at night. and the faster they grow, the more it hurts.   finally, it just looks weird. my ribs stick out a bit at the bottom, so it looked like i had 4 boobs.. it's enough to make one rather self conscious even if you aren't teased about it.
t3_304xv0-t3_304xv0-cppivac	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had had some weird medical problems, including two rounds of breast cancer, one of which got a paper written on it because of the weird shape the tumor was in. she'd had a chest mri recently that was clear, but she was starting to have trouble walking. neurologist sent her in for a head mri because it looked like ms, and she could just have lesions on her brain and upper spinal chord.  the morning after the mri, she woke up unable to control her lower body. i drove her to the er, and the doc there acted like he had no idea why she was up there and pretty much blew her off, saying that she should have just made an appointment with the neurologist again. fortunately, the nurses paid more attention, checked her bladder and did a catheter before it burst. her md had been notified when he came in, so he stopped for a visit and was ready to murder the er doc when he heard what happened.   he arranged for a transfer to a different hospital on the spot. turns out her cancer had come back in the space of a couple months and had spread to her spine. it eventually killed her, but thanks to quick treatment (tumor removal, reinstating chemo, etc,) she lasted almost another year.  tl;dr: er doc nearly let my mom's bladder burst and could have ended up delaying cancer treatment.
t3_3wsgwv-t1_cxyt27h-cxzbkzb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in high school i had a friend whose mother died of breast cancer and whose father died of a heart attack 5 months later. their kids were aged 14-30. the eldest offered to take over the mortgage so her siblings didn't have to leave their family home, considering they'd already lost their parents, but the bank refused and insisted on selling it (since it had increased in value since they'd purchased it). not gonna lie- about 30 of us absolutely destroyed that place the night before they left. we stopped short of burning it to the ground. in this neighborhood, it was easily worth 600-700k.
t3_14qs5q-t3_14qs5q-c7fmusu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[](/ch20)sometimes life can be hard like that. i had a friend who developed breast cancer last december. in hindsight, i really should have seen here more. it is something that crosses my mind almost everyday.   your aunt loves you. remember that, you aren't wrong for being unable to cry. you are a perfectly normal and okay person. even though you wish you were there more, she will understand. you are clearly wise beyond your years. stay strong friend.
t3_dj7tf-t1_c10ltt5-c10lva7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7569	hmm... well, i'm not going to measure cancer versus cancer, since that is pretty meaningless.   i suppose i just resigned myself to my fate, came up with the best plan for making as little suffering for all involved, yet still desired to talk to someone other than the oncologist about it.   perhaps, i hoped someone might take inspiration to look at their life a little closer and realize a little more of the good, might try to do a little good, be a little more noble.   another part of me hoped to make a friend or two that i could talk about this with, without having the rest of my friends and family know and make it all about the cancer. maybe even to test the waters and see how people might respond to me.   sorry to hear about your breast cancer, and glad to hear you were able to fight it off. regrettably, the chances for me fighting this off are pretty slim. upvoted for a good question. you made me think about what i really was posting this for or going to get out of it.
t3_11fwwx-t3_11fwwx-c6m3pe9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	chemo can work very well, but it's grueling. when my 30 year old cousin had cancer, she underwent chemo and was so tired all the time, to the point where she was almost never awake. she seemed to be doing better, but she passed away when she couldn't find a bone marrow transplant.  my grnadmother had breast cancer and beat it with chemo, but she was sick and nauseous for six months. she lost her hair and a lot of weight, but she beat it. however, a couple years later she got a different kind of cancer and did not want to do chemo again because she was miserable throughout her treatment. she died this past january and she was only 70.  a kid at my brother's school had leukemia and beat it with chemo in seven months!!! :) :)   i have a couple tumors on my spinal cord. i'm getting them removed with needles. if they turn out to be cancerous, i have the option of radiation.
t3_2uhm62-t3_2uhm62-co8s2j1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7597	there is no rhyme or reason as to why and life doesn't stop for anyone. i am 18 years old, finishing my senior year of highschool. 7 years ago my mother was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer, she had so much cancer, in such a rare variety that memorial sloan hospital took her in as a patient. she was one of the 3 people who called on the right day at the right time and were admitted. she went through a multi year battle where she asked my two sisters to uproot the lives they had just begun in their first year out of college to come home and help take care of her. she is not in remission but she is no longer at same same risk she was at. the doctors initially thought that she would not make it out the year, but through surgery and intense radiation and chemotherapy she made it out the other end. even having been the survivor of 3 heart attacks before age fifty. now this woman is incredible and my mom and one of the people i care most for in the world but she is also an extremely manipulative, and vindictive woman. she went to school for acting and would have done that for a career had she not met my father. which makes her very adept at playing a victim. this may sound horrible to say about a cancer survivor/active battler but she was like this well before the cancer and well before my parents got divorced. which is my shitty segway into my father. he was an extremely strong man who came up in his own way. in his youth he got himself into some trouble and struggled with add, not exactly making him a college man. reardless he made his way through life and met my mother and then down the line, before i was born however, he got a law degree and went on to practice for local government. i do not know what my father was like before the divorce but as i knew him he was a very reserved, collected man. he loved the outdoors and fishing and spending time with me doing "man stuff" like building a potato canon, or teaching me how to fell a tree, something he almost did for a living after high school. he taught me my morals, whats important in life, and how to "be a man" in the sense that he prepared me to act in life. my mother taught me how to be petty and hate liars, but lie about every little thing to make it sound better. my mother never earned a degree, but stressed how i would be useless without one. a failure at life without one. she always told me how talented i was at everything, which led me to find a rude awakening when i realized i was mostly average. she brought me up a certain way, then told how that was wrong. the divorce was ugly and i had to split my time between my parents, my mom would never be flexible with the schedule when my dad always would. often making me choose between going to a club that day or seeing my father that week. in a couple of months will be the two year anniversary of my fathers passing. 2 years and a couple of months ago my father had a pain in his shoulder. it ended up being a tumor that everyone said was operable. that tumor was pancreatic cancer that had spread to his shoulder blade. and the rest of his body. 6 months from feeling that horrible pain in his shoulder my father passed. 6 months after he went doctor to doctor trying all different medicines and everyone telling him its probably back trouble from an accident he had earlier in life. he was on absurd amounts of narcotics to ease the pain, and they did nothing for the pain so he stopped taking them. but everyday after he got off from work he would pick me up from cello lessons, a 30 minute drive from where he lived to come pick me up, have dinner with me, and the drive me home or drive me to school the next day. an hour long round trip he made 3 times a week with a pain that prevented him from sleeping, a pain that ended up being the end of him. he died in less than six months. the man that kept everything good in my life, the one who actively tried to make himself healthy. the one who quit smoking. the one who spent the time to find out what my interests were and took time to nourish them. he passed. not the one who still smokes and drinks and throws away money she doesn't have. not the one who stops taking the medicine that keeps her alive so she can drink. not the one who lies about turning in forms i need to apply to college. the one who made me who i was and kept me happy and motivated died. he was the best father i could ask for. he would even help me with my issues and help with school while he was in hospice. he gave me my first cello not 2 weeks before he passed. he always told me to do what i loved no matter what. he also reminded me that i had to do well that year in school. there wasn't much time left in the school year and i had to get my grades up. and once he passed life didn't stop. i had to go to school the next day or i was going to fail for the quarter and then the year. that summer i got my first job because now i needed money for everything because my dad was no longer there, and child support that my mother got shrank and turned into social security checks. i had to pay for school supply's, my laptop, my cello lessons. life never stopped and waited for me to get back up. and life will never stop and wait for me to get up. so i had to get up and start running as quickly as possible so i didn't fall behind. that is the harsh truth that life taught me.
t3_1tx01i-t3_1tx01i-cecaj3i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5993	my 70 year old mother feel down a flight of stairs and got nine fractures out of it. had to fuse give vertebrae, got an infection, pic line antibiotics and she almost died. my sister was then diagnosed with breast cancer and undergoing chemo and still have a double mastectomy in the spring.  but i'm healthy.... i've lost 20 lbs in the past five months and got a slightly better job. so if family isn't involved it was decent.
t3_466r7p-t3_466r7p-d043jfv	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	this is an important one that i haven't seen mentioned yet! **do a monthly breast exam. do it standing up and laying down.** not to scare anyone, but i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 39. i had a pretty big tumor in my left breast that, because it was positioned in the back of my breast toward my chest wall, was not really able to be felt when i was standing up. but it was pretty obvious when i was laying down.  i would also second always keeping a tampon on you, and always freely giving them to people in need. because of my cancer treatment i don't have periods anymore, and i still carry a couple tampons in my bag for ladies who might need them.
t3_2sy0i4-t1_cntzmuz-cnu0nrs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't mind it at all. the quick and dirty is that i found a lump while shaving. it was about grape size, firm, and located below my earlobe and behind my jaw corner. it's one of those "oh no..." spots and when i found it everything fell into place. i'd lost some weight, was tired more than usual, had a long sore throat, and had been waking up sweaty at night.   a biopsy at the ent confirmed squamous cell carcinoma. i had a radical neck dissection, throat reconstruction, and tonsillectomy. my primary spot was the tonsil and it had spread into my lymphatic system. that was the lump i found.   my cancer was caused by hpv exposure when i was a teenager. i gave oral to a girl who harbored it and then it remained in my throat. for some reason my body couldn't clear the disease and it waited until i got to middle age and my immune system began to slow. now it was able to gain a foothold and it caused my tonsil to become cancerous. this same hpv also causes anal cancer (don't laugh, it's a killer) and cervical cancer in women. in a weird way it's the one cancer you can "catch" and so my wife and i are discouraged from oral/anal sex as i could possibly give it to her if the stars aligned. this actually happened to a family friend. she has the same cancer and exposed her husband who also developed it and ended up killing him (all over the course of years). it's rare but it can happen.  ask away if you have any other questions. i don't mind being blunt and honest if you want it that way. this cancer is a growing problem and we guys need to be discussing it like women discuss breast cancer.
t3_1f2xsf-t3_1f2xsf-ca6d1xx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	myriad’s patent is on the “isolated” naturally-occurring gene.  the patent makes your gene myriad’s property once it is removed from your body.  myriad didn’t invent the process for isolating the gene.  removing genes from people’s bodies has routinely been done for decades.    nor did myriad spend a lot of money finding the gene.  taxpayer money from nih was used to find the gene. you and i paid for that research. and even if they’d spent a lot of money, that doesn’t entitle them to patent a product of nature.  if i spend a lot of money on a telescope to discover a new planet, i can’t own the planet. a brief filed by the department of justice said that it was an error to let myriad have the patent in the first place.  so, paying them $3000 for each look at your breast cancer gene is like having to pay a car thief for the right to drive your own car.    their patent means my doctor can’t take my gene from my body and analyze it.  if i have a family history of breast cancer, i have to send my gene to myriad for analysis and i have to decide whether to have my breasts removed without being able to get a second opinion.  and, according to an article in the journal of the american medical association, the myriad test was wrong 12% of the time.  that’s a tragedy, not a tenet of patent law.
t3_199dke-t1_c8ml9rd-c8mp8cg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5772	i do know what you mean.  i have estrogen positive breast cancer and avoid all soy products like the plague they are.  ;-) those bars look great, it is hard to find a good bar without soy.  i am going to see if i can find them in my area.  thanks for the link!
t3_2t87rp-t3_2t87rp-cnwt56r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8783	i had a large tumor found with a colonoscopy about 18 months ago. it had spread to 2 of 20 lymph nodes they tested.i had surgery 3 days later followed by 6 months of chemo. it was graded as stage 3. i've been cancer free so far. i get really stressed every time i go in for a scan. don't be afraid to ask the oncologist for something for anxiety it really helps. i totally understand what your going through. i have a great wife who is a chemo nurse and breast cancer surviver . she helped me through the whole thing. i got really depressed at one point. don't be afraid to talk to people. it's great to have some support. if you need someone to talk to pm me. i'd be happy to talk. good luck.
t3_48jpyo-t1_d0lcpci-d0lfvyy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8719	i hope you can work it out! i hate seeing something come between a couple who otherwise have things going okay for them. but at the same time, this is such a fundamentally wrong thing for him to believe. it makes me wonder how he came into *having* this belief, y'know? maybe he was trying to spout off something against plastic surgery so you'd think, "oh, he really does love me for how i look and he doesn't think i need surgery," and it just made him look like an idiot. some boys can be absolutely dense; i'm engaged to one. xd  i don't know you two, and i don't think anyone else here does, so i think it's pretty wrong for people to be predicting your relationship's doom over this, or being overly optimistic about the outcome. what matters is how *you* feel once you talk to him. i know i advised hanging onto this bit of information until you think it's okay, but at the same time, don't let it eat you alive, y'know? the last thing you want is to be harboring this and letting it sit and fester.  if it makes you feel any better, i don't have cancer on top of my surgery. thankfully, my mastectomy was a prophylactic surgery, to prevent cancer. i'm brca1 positive, which means i'm genetically predisposed to a lot of different cancers; breast cancer is just one of many, although it has the highest risk percentage. pre-surgery, i had an 87% chance of developing breast cancer in my lifetime. pathology came back normal, and now that i've had surgery, my number is down to ~2%! (the risk for women in general is 12%, so i'm happy with my number.) i'm actually seven weeks post-op today, and pretty jazzed at how my recovery's been going. i had a diep procedure instead of implants, because i had some extra stomach tissue going spare, and i figured why not take the chance to rearrange it, since my insurance was covering it 100%?  either way, i hope you get the chance to talk things out with him. if it's easier, maybe writing a note or an e-mail will give you time to collect your thoughts and tell him exactly what you want to tell him without being interrupted. and it'll give him time to digest what you've written before blowing up or shoving his foot further down his throat. if you two get on pretty well otherwise, this might not be the end. or maybe it is. but the great thing is that there are other guys out there. ;)  you sound like a really strong person. i think you'll be just fine! he's the one who will be missing out. &lt;3
t3_464kli-t3_464kli-d02czzr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8521	the room.  somewhere in that there's a salvageable movie. a couple soon to be married lives in an apartment building and are friendly with their neighbors. they are also taking care of an orphaned teenager and paying his rent and collage. the girl's mother gets breast cancer and she learns that her mom gave up on happiness when she married her dad. this is her first serious relationship and she is afraid of making the same mistakes and reacts by getting involved with one of their neighbors. someone else in the social circle finds out and tries to find a way to convince her to be honest about her feelings.  it wouldn't be my kind of movie, but i can see the premise working. the execution of it was so horrible it's epic, but there's a good movie in there somewhere.
t3_3inh01-t3_3inh01-cui7151	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so angry with your gynecologist right now that i can barely type. so instead i'm going to repost what i said in [another thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/pcos/comments/3grfsp/when_should_i_worry_about_my_period/) over on /r/pcos .   tl;dr - you need to shed your uterine lining at minimum every three months or you run a serious risk of developing uterine cancer. your gyno is an idiot who is going to get you killed. run, don't walk, to a new gynecologist to be checked for both breast and uterine/ovarian cancer!  "as others have said, your gp is dead wrong. i've posted about this before when threads like this come up and i'll continue to post every time i see threads like this because i'm passionate about getting the word out.  i was diagnosed with pcos at 25 while trying to find the source of our infertility. at the time i was going months without periods and then bleeding heavily for months on end. i saw two different gp's and a gynecologist and they all told me it was nothing to worry about and i'd get pregnant with fertility meds no problem. except it was a problem, because four years later i still wasn't pregnant and my periods were still crazy.   at 29 i was diagnosed with endometrial cancer caused entirely by the pcos causing my endometrial lining to build up to a ridiculous thickness without shedding before almost bleeding to death, over and over. the end result was a total hysterectomy at 30, which went horribly wrong and almost killed me. i spent weeks in the icu and then months at home hooked up to an iv, covered in huge scars, never able to have kids.  please for the love of bacon, stop seeing a gp for a complex metabolic disorder and get yourself to a reproductive endocrinologist like yesterday! anytime you don't have a period for 90 days you need to go in for medication to help you force a shed or a dnc. anything over 90 days is the danger zone for cancer.  and just in case anyone is reading this and is trying to decide whether or not to bother seeing an endocrinologist because of the money/hassle/embarrassment etc let me let in you on something. when they suspect you have hyperplasia they have to do a test to see if they see abnormal cells. that test consists of them taking a glass straw with a sharp edge and inserting it into your uterus and scraping it along the inside to collect some cells. and guess what? it feels exactly like a sharp glass straw scraping out your insides. and if you do have abnormal cells but you want to take progesterone to keep the cancer from growing long enough to have one baby before your hysterectomy, you get to have this torture done every three months. it's not over quick, it's excruciating and you will want to die the whole time it's happening.   see an endo and save yourself from the agony i endured for over a year and still never managed to get pregnant."
t3_1uzt64-t1_ceneht7-ceneo87	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7449	laymen's explanation: she was diagnosed last year with cancer in her marrow last year, with the same but there was no organ of origin (no mass anywhere on her body, just in her bone marrow!). they treated it with a drug they use normally for breast cancer.  l month she was hospitalized because her kidneys essentially stopped working, for a couple possible reasons, based on what the docs told us. she underwent continuous dialysis, then took on a dialysis regiment, but the quality of life, pain and everything are a tough load to handle, on top of the cancer diagnosis.   it looked like she might die in the hospital but she fought through to get out (typical mom). we made the decision as a family last week to cease dialysis treatment and move in to a home-hospice situation. that's where we're at now, kind of just winding things down, keeping pain to a minimum and making sure she is loved and cared for.   i'm kind of just repeating things i've told to friends family a thousand times, but want everyone to know that this really does help. thank you so much for the kind words and thoughts.
t3_3a1z3m-t3_3a1z3m-cs95v5t	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my wife was diagnosed with breast cancer at 31, it was a very small lump, already third stage by the time it was found. she had a radical, and because it was advanced and she was young, and strong, a very heavy regimen of chemotherapy.       i can't describe to you the sickness she suffered from the chemo, it was so strong that she lost all her hair in the first month of the six month program. the doctors learned to give her the treatment as soon as she hit the office door because just the smell of the office would cause her to start vomiting.       she tried 4 or 5 different anti-nausea meds but nothing worked for her. i had some friends who still smoked so i brought some home. she was not receptive at all, it was not in her nature, she thought it taboo (though she knew that i had indulged in the past). it worked, it relaxed her and got her through the first 24 hours after chemo. but she just didn't like it, didn't want it in the house, it was 1989 and she was very paranoid (we had two small kids in catholic school). after the first use she refused to have it in the house any more, she switched back to the best of the prescription drugs that she had tried, it was almost pointless taking it. it was her choice, i could not sway her, and you simply do not get combative with someone over their wishes, their body, their choices, under these circumstances. i went back to watching helplessly.       she lost her battle 11 years later, after a relapse. it is a crime against their constituency that this medicine is kept from the people who need it by pandering ignorant politicians. it was horrific to watch someone you love suffer needlessly because of social stigmas (real and/or perceived), enforced by that same ignorant authority. and it still goes on, 25 years later.
t3_3gsr64-t3_3gsr64-cu2cl0h	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had a mastectomy in june. she has trip negative inflammatory breast cancer and underwent chemo before surgery too.  let me start off by saying that she is super sensitive to pain. although i'm sure it was a little easier for her to handle a single mastectomy, she says it was easier than chemo. she went home about 3 hours after surgery. she took a tylenol the night of the surgery, but after that she didn't need any pain killers. she slept a lot the first couple of days, but she was able to eat as she normally would the day after.  my mom was able to walk around the day after surgery. your mom will have to take it easy, but she will probably be able to manage if food and everything is premade for her.   my mom couldn't wear anything too tight around the chest, but we didn't have to go out and buy new clothes or anything. she wore a lot of button-down shirts.  she also said the biopsy was way worse than getting the drain removed. they do it really quick and it only hurts for a second. i heard my mom scream/cry way worse when the doctors removed bandages.  watching was really disgusting btw--but the doctors/nurses act like they are just removing a bandage or something--super comfortable atmosphere.   tell your mom that i hope the surgery is a success and i wish her luck. my mom was pretty nervous up to the date, but the day of the surgery she had absolutely no fear. i hope your mom developes the the same "let's get this over with" attitude. pm me if you/your mom have any other questions. i'd be happy to talk with you about what youre going through too. i dropped out of school to be with my mom, so we might have similar feelings about it.
t3_p683c-t3_p683c-c3mzxj9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6717	screw komen. i've long been disgusted with their pink army and the paltry sum they actually use for "finding a cure", but it was through planned parenthood as an uninsured working person that i found out i had breast cancer. it was through their information and contacts that i had a full course of treatment even though i had no insurance. if it weren't for pp and their breast cancer services i could be dead today. did komen do anything for me? oh, yeah, they gave me a teddy bear wearing a pink ribbon.
t3_wd0iq-t1_c5c9xsa-c5ca2vg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we actually started as a non-profit and quickly realised that the amount of investment required to get the company to scale would be difficult to achieve without a financial return for investors - so we switched to a hybrid (50/50) model. as some background, i'm also behind www.shebeen.com.au, which took way too long to raise capital for because it is a non-profit venture. we couldn't see a way to make who gives a crap work as a non-profit, unless we were selling a license of our logo to another company (similar mount franklin and the breast cancer foundation), which is a) not feasible in australia given the state of the tp market and b) far less impactful in the long term than if we can hit scale by ourselves . we haven't yet decided how we will disclose earnings etc. good question!
t3_471b7x-t3_471b7x-d09qp5v	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6503	terrified, but relieved and happy.  terrified of dying because i have an aggressive type of breast cancer (50% shot at surviving). still, i'm relieved to have gotten my drains out after my mastectomy last week, and i'm happy because the sun is shining after a string of glum days and i have a lot of love in my life and i'm alive.  psa: breast cancer isn't just for old ladies (i'm 30). if you feel anything unusual, get it checked out!
t3_2kp304-t1_clnfwi8-clnghm1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the original comment is about how women and breast cancer want special treatment because they're women. then the next comment is saying how much harder women have it and deserve the extra treatment. and then you added to it by saying women do have it harder than men. so it sounds like you're in the whole women have it harder so deserve better treatment debate. i'm not just pointing you out, but the whole comment tree in general.   all i'm saying is no cancer should be above the other, regardless of gender.
t3_3xmfrz-t3_3xmfrz-cy6778r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my boyfriend and i had been together just over 3 years when the doctors found a tumor in my mri to figure out why my hip had collapsed during yoga class.   he's incredibly supportive, financially and emotionally. however, he hasn't gone to a single appointment with me. i just call him afterwards and explain what the doctor told me. at this point, i'm just doing follow up appointments post-surgery, so it's not a big deal anyway. (6 month follow up tomorrow morning!)   we're young and i think we didn't know how to communicate about something that was potentially really scary and life-changing (which luckily it wasn't, but the first couple appointments with inconclusive scans and biopsies were intense when they couldn't even rule out this being a metastasis from somewhere else.) i got snippy with him because i felt so overwhelmed and it took us a couple of weeks to iron out how to communicate about our anxieties.   but, i honestly don't know what i would have done if i didn't have him through all this. he paid for my mother to fly out for my surgery and stay with us to help me while i healed. he dealt with all the other day to day shit while i frantically tried to finish my last term of college and organize scans, tests, second opinions, etc. (his aunt who had breast cancer and stayed friends with her oncologist actually got me the referral to see the surgical oncologist who i went to for the second opinion and who did the surgery! that was super valuable on its own!)
t3_1q7m8w-t1_cda7fht-cdah0kx	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6501	but metastatic disease can spread to areas other than the ribs. in her case if it had spread to her spine or long bones it would be difficult to detect as she had significant tracer uptake in those bones long before her breast cancer diagnosis.  thankfully she had a previous bone scan done in relation to her injuries and she had a low grade tumour that was unlikely to spread quickly.
t3_4hkg8v-t3_4hkg8v-d2r0pa6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6842	i had this happen to me once just because i was using those coupons that manufacturers send for $5 off baby formula. they have to run them through like checks so they can take a while.  this woman behind me starts complaining about me hogging the line, and using "welfare checks" and i just sighed heavily, and loudly, closed my eyes, and put palm on my forehead.  she kept ranting about it and talking about how my wife is lazy and how she shoudl be breastfeeding. i finally said "ma'am, these are manufacturer coupons, not welfare, and she would be breast feeding if she didn't have cancer and wasn't on chemotherapy."  that shut her up real quick, and i continued, saying "sometimes you don't know the circumstances of another persons life, and in those times you should just keep silent and have some quiet compassion, otherwise you come off appearing to be a bad person.  are you a bad person?"  and she just shakes her head no and i just go back to what i am doing.    i have almost gotten to the point where i have lost nearly all my hope, and respect in humanity.  the only things keeping me going are my wife and children.
t3_10vcg2-t3_10vcg2-c6gzn20	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	from the page you linked: &gt;the nfl, its clubs, players and the nfl players association are proud to support the fight against breast cancer  the issue i have is that the campaign is about breast cancer, not about cancer in general. it doesn't matter to me who gets the money.
t3_1s8ipn-t1_cdv9mvp-cdv9q14	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it didn't matter why do you keep replying?  i'm still chuckling at your first reply. "beast cancer donations are a waste of money." "but i had breast cancer!" good argument lol
t3_3k71e1-t3_3k71e1-cuvjwu3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother died last year from a recurrence of breast cancer that had spread to pretty much every organ. i had also just moved out a month before they found it (and she died 2 months after that). i miss her terribly, and my life (while great) changed dramatically.   she became weak and couldn't breathe. she also kept how bad her condition was from me. one day i was visiting and spending time with her and she began telling me what things to take and give away. i remember thinking she was crazy for believing she was 'preparing for death'. i did get to say goodbye. she had been going through chemo and her white cell count was extremely low. she got very sick and had to be hospitalized. she knew it was over and called in family to say goodbye. i'll never forget kneeling by her bed while she gave me advice, looked me in the eyes and said goodbye. nor will i forget hearing her last breath while holding her hand. i miss you mom, everyday.
t3_3kh8wv-t3_3kh8wv-cuxgrlj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7497	-not entering as i have nothing gold atm-  surviving cancer is only half the battle. i had breast cancer and we caught it very early on. even then it's hard to not want to give up. i'm so incredibly happy for you and your family!! your brother kicked some serious butt. cancer is so crappy and unfortunately effects way too many adults and children. here's to hoping he stays cancer free for the rest of his life. &lt;3
t3_2r8tfs-t1_cndml8a-cne0i7d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6844	fuck, man, i had something similar go on... bilateral mastectomy and 6 weeks of tramadol, then trying to get off it left me completely anhedonic for six months, and clinically depressed on and off for the last couple of years; i also *had* to take tramadol after bowel surgery 18 months ago (codeine would have left me constipated) and it took 6 months of lowering the dose every couple of weeks to get off of it.   fucking fuck.
t3_3x6pgk-t1_cy25ihs-cy2igdw	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was going to say exactly this.  one of my family members went through chemo and radiation for breast cancer 2 years ago, and to this day you can tell she's just a little "off" -- still herself, but with more trouble concentrating, more forgetfulness, etc.    it sounds like this is very much unintentional and suzanne is extremely apologetic about it, so i think the op really needs to let it go.  and she certainly needs to tell her own mother that it's not something suzanne is doing on purpose and not to bring it up and berate her for it if it happens when she's there.
t3_1i4j43-t3_1i4j43-cb11uiy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7997	not until i was 27 and had to tell him in the same week that i had been diagnosed with breast cancer and my husband decided to leave me. he said he cried because he knew i was hurting and he couldn't fix either problem. i kicked ass on both ends so it turned out ok.
t3_2w4dr1-t1_conppii-coo0loh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a family history of breast cancer and ovarian cancer due to the family members who had those cancers taking oestrogen. i can't take a risk like that with my health.
t3_1jipgw-t3_1jipgw-cbfba2j	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm going to give you my honest opinion, and i'm only saying this because i'm going through the same situation right now.   my mum is going through treatment for breast cancer, and she has been losing her hair for about a week now, and has gotten tired of it falling out, so she shaved her head. i was honestly having the same thoughts as you, wanting yo shave my head to show support for her, so i told her that, but she told me "i don't want you to shave your head, you have such nice hair (blahblahblah more mom stuff to say), there's so much more that you can do to show support than to shave your head. raise money, go into science and change the cancer research world" and more things along the lines of that.  i dont know why, but it had a huge impact on my decision. i haven't done it yet since she said she didn't want me to, but also because of she said.   i'm not trying to talk you out of it, i'm just voicing my opinion, but either way op, you're going to do something great to show support for your grandma!
t3_2hzxjo-t1_ckxtq6t-ckxwrlj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if we have a pool of 100 people, only 50 percent of the people who know about breast cancer are going to donate to it.   in 1st secnairo we have 10 people know about it with out any marketing. so they get $50 dollars and put all of it towards research.  in the 2nd secnaior we have 100 people who know about it now and they get $500 worth of donations take some out for the marketing cost but it will still be more than the $50 dollars they would have got.  there is some equation you can plug in to that's a lot more complex than my example but its the same idea.
t3_3gwjb8-t1_cu2zck7-cu307f2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	spaying removes the ovaries, which produce estrogen.  estrogen is responsible for the development of breasts.  so if you develop breast cancer and your ovaries are intact, then, yes, this can hasten the advancement of cancer.  just last year, i had a hedgehog who developed breast cancer, and i got her chemically sterilized to slow the growth of her tumour.  but to say a complete ovoectomy/hysterectomy is the solution to breast cancer is absolutely bonkers.    humans get breast cancer all the time, but we don't generally advise women to remove their breasts or ovaries to prevent getting it, do we?
t3_409eh5-t3_409eh5-cysrrb8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6724	hi there, same boat, different shipmate! i was the child with cancer (at 11) and my mother had breast cancer 6 years afterwards. after the initial shock of the first diagnosis, my mother seemed fine too. she said it was easy in comparison because mine was rare and she was very used to visiting the hospital and dealing with cancer every day. she knew what the process would be now so wasn't scared or unaware. my mum became my cancer buddy too, and we have a very strong bond now because of it.   fast forward to today and i have breast cancer but because it is so easily treated i'm feeling what you're feeling right now. it doesn't feel as big of a deal and i forget i have cancer a lot of the time. but it's the first thing friends ask me about when they see me. i've had to comfort and reassure them instead of them comforting me.   they say when you go through cancer treatment you're stronger. i think, as i was a child, it also made my parents stronger. we've all been conditioned to visiting hospitals often, having tests and treatments and having the tough conversations with friends and family that some days it feels as simple as having your tonsils out.   please feel free to pm me if you do want to talk.
t3_p56vj-t3_p56vj-c3mo0if	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.754	i had a breast cancer scare in the winter of '10/'11. it was because of the free care i got at planned parenthood that i was able to be referred to a hospital for free further exams and ultimately surgery to remove a pretty large mass (which ended up being a lipoma, thankfully). if it hadn't been for pp i would have either gone without any treatment of any kind, or incurred insane costs going to a hospital with no referral. additionally, they have been providing me with free birth control for the last three years. i am a full time student and work part time, i have no insurance, only have enough money to very barely make ends meet at the end of the month, and have no money left over for any fun extras.   i am so fucking sick and tired of the right-wing asshats who feel that their morals should be forced onto my body and take away my rights. it's fucking shit like this that makes me fear for our country; while this particular incident is a largish drop in the bucket, it is a trend that is getting out of fucking hand!!!   i'm sorry for my rant, but i can't stand this kind of shit!
t3_3g70yg-t1_ctw44i3-ctw5saz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7641	you are correct. smoking and negative pressure are the real problems here.   however, just to be clear, its not a matter of generalization, it is a matter of epidemiology. if i said that most breast cancers occur in women, it would be hard to find someone who is going to jump in to correct me saying "yeah, but, it occurs in men too."   it is understood that when someone says "most common" that the "less common" is going to have people within it too, that make up a smaller percentage of the population in which the disease occurs.  back to spontaneous pneumothorax: it most commonly occurs in tall/thin men (http://thorax.bmj.com/content/26/4/409.full.pdf , http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc2950234/ , http://www.merckmanuals.com/professional/pulmonary-disorders/mediastinal-and-pleural-disorders/pneumothorax , https://medicine.yale.edu/surgery/pediatric/care/information/general/spontaneous.aspx)  this isn't to say it doesn't occur in anyone else (breast cancer analogy), it is to say that it is less common within a population looking at individual cases and extrapolating data. a person's body type is going to lend to clinical suspicion. however, body size isn't going to rule out a disease when all of the physical signs are there.   my point is basically this: any and every anecdote can be used to negate a previous statement. regardless, numbers and data do not lie. i am sorry to hear about your roommate, and i hope he made a recovery. let's just try not to invalidate statements without first thinking about the whole more or less common stuff. if its more common in one body type, it's going to happen in other body types, but to less of a degree within a population.
t3_1l12cr-t3_1l12cr-cbvceso	breast_cancer	relevant	0.684	this hits on a few areas for me.  three years ago i was diagnosed with breast cancer, and i have had surgery, chemo, radiation and have been on preventative (hopefully) meds for a couple of years.   this one falls into the whole "here's why you got cancer" thing and "here's what you can do" thing people dole out to breast cancer patients, all the time.  i had someone say to me that she was glad she had kids because it was supposed to help protect.  i bit my tongue from mentioning the women i knew with kids who still got cancer.    people do this, i think, because it makes them feel safe.  that they can look at people like me and think to themselves, well, i'm doing a, b &amp; c and blahblahblah.
t3_1t2yob-t3_1t2yob-ce4210y	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	a few years ago, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. it was stage 1, but her mother also had breast cancer, and ineffective treatment had resulted it metastasizing elsewhere, and she eventually died from it. obviously, we were hesitant to be optimistic despite the doctor's positive prognosis. the various tests were unable to confirm whether the cancer was contained inside the lump or if it had spread into her lymph nodes, which would hugely complicate her treatment. that ended up being our chief concern in the days leading up to her surgery.   now, to put it simply, my mom is a great lady. she's been through a ton of awful shit in her life, but her nature is so incredibly decent and incorruptible that she continues to be the most generous and loving person i've ever encountered. i was devastated to discover her cancer diagnosis, and i started to think that it was just one big cosmic joke that the universe was unfairly playing on such a good person. i had trouble sleeping at night because i obsessed about her well-being, hoping against hope that the cancer didn't and wouldn't spread.   the day of the surgery came, and after a few tedious hours, the doctor came in and told us that her lymph nodes were clear and the cancer had not spread. he had just given her the news as well. we walked into the recovery room and she was sitting there crying with happiness. i couldn't hold it in; the sense of relief was like nothing i've ever felt before. i'll never forget it.
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfr2gm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer about 4 months ago, she went on some kind of operation immidiately,i dont think it was masectomy but im not sure. she has been secretive and been getting shitloads of shots every day. she is on chemo right now. she turned to jesus and started praying and going to charismatic prayers. she doesn't like to talk about it with me and she cries randomly. can somebody please explain to me what happens after it has been discovered, when is cancer gone, can it come back and most importantly is her living span shorter if she had cancer? thank you.
t3_3x8j83-t3_3x8j83-cy2lc1t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you. i was constipated in september (been suffering from gi issues for the last 2 years, have had many tests including colonoscopy and am basically undiagnosed ibs) and tried to fix it myself. then i went to an eye doc for what i thought was a stye on my eye and was told i probably had lymphoma and had to get a biopsy. got through that hellish two weeks and returned to my stomach problems. saw gyno in october and she found a lump on my breast and made me get an ultrasound like it was no big thing. freaked over that. belly distress continued and i continued trying to treat. thought i was getting better but recent x-ray shows i'm still backed up somehow. and am now panicked over that. right now.  my friend's mom has a brain tumor and gets her official diagnosis tomorrow. my aunt with blood cancer is currently in the hospital. and everything sucks.
t3_1jvy6k-t1_cbj4ivp-cbjhkvq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, they've owned small country stores and made their living mostly off of that, being self employed basically for most of their lives. just recently one of their employees sold alcohol to one of those people who go in to stores and try to buy stuff for the police and they were given a huge bill that they were unable to pay, couple this with their new house they just built (which they say in retrospect was a mistake as it was too big anyway) but long story short this caused them to lose their house and file bankruptcy, after this point they’ve just been living off of social and selling basically.   she’s gotten busted a few times, once with over 100 plants (the cops say) even though she only had 16, the rest were dead or bullshit. there’s a story in this as well.   this happened to them a good while back but apparently upwards of 50 cops came to bust her; she said you’d think she was a cartel leader or something. but basically they raided her house and took all her plants and found all her mason jars (b/c she cans her grow every year) and the dea like had never seen anyone put it in jars like that and found it very interesting. looking back on it my grandma said the dea told her she wasn’t what they were looking for and didn’t really do anything about it, the city is what took all of her belongings and charged her. at this point she was working at her store as all this was taking place at her house and the police agent came in the store and told my dad and his friend to leave if they didn’t wanna be involved (they were freaking out at this point) so they left and the agent talked to my grandma. he basically told her to give up all the names of the people who she was selling to and all this other stuff. she told him she wasn’t doing shit and that he would sooner take her to jail before she did that. she said all the people she sells to have a medical need for it as she started using to get an appetite when she had breast cancer and the majority of the people she gave it to had cancer as well, basically telling him that they had enough problems as it was and she wasn’t going to add to it. when she told me about this i was inspired and was so proud to be her grandson, i hope i’m able to get her to tell me again so i can better remember the dialogue between them.
t3_2ado3i-t3_2ado3i-ciu1ohj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5134	i only have one question... when are you going to announce your chicago dates!!??   i also want to thank you for being there (musically) for some of the most poignant periods of my life. when i listen to your music it brings back memories, good and bad, but it always reminds me that i am better for all of my experiences. sleeping to dream got me through my family's first deployment to afghanistan in 2002. i was alone with two toddlers and literally listened to that song every night before i would go to sleep. i was lucky enough to see you at both of the acoustic shows at schuba's and on the second night you played std. my husband called me from korea (our second long separation) just as you started playing that song. we listened together and i sat on the stairs next to the stage with tears running down my face, feeling as close to my husband as if he were right next to me, not on the other line of the phone on the opposite side of the world.   a couple years later you released lucky just in time for an iraq deployment. by the time lucky came out we were on three (going on four) consecutive years of separation. you came to chicago and played at aragon. my friend went with me and stood in the hallway as again, i silently cried as i listened to the lyrics of a beautiful song that held so much meaning to me.   on april 1st 2012 my mom passed away from complications from stage 4 breast cancer. she was my hero. throughout her illness she continued to work in the motorcycle shop that was her and my stepdad's dream. she held fundraisers to help other women in her community who were diagnosed and had families who struggled to make ends meet, even though they themselves struggled. she was in remission after fighting her ass off for two years. then a rare blood disease attacked shortly after the doc told her she was cancer free. she passed within 2 weeks. a couple weeks after she passed my stepdad told me he was closing the shop and wanted me to help pack things up. i drove from ny to ky and as i drove down i listened to love is a four letter word. i couldn't make it through 93 million miles without pulling over and sobbing. she had been my biggest cheerleader and always told me to always make sure that i was doing something i loved because there was no limit to what i could accomplish if i loved what i did. when the song came on as i drove to help my stepdad close the shop i felt like she somehow was reassuring me that she's still around making sure we keep out of trouble. her death was the first time i struggled with the finality of death. 93 million miles made it less final somehow.  thank you for being by my side through so much. i am forever grateful for your part in my life.   also your philanthropic work is inspiring and gives me hope for humanity.   good luck with this tour. i'm sure it will be amazing, as always!!
t3_1omtmd-t3_1omtmd-cctpzc2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.549	when i was working as an orderly in the oncology ward at a hospital, i got to know quite a few of the patients.  we'd talk about their kids, life, past treatments, just because those folks liked to have someone to listen while they spent hours there.  one day, a patient who had completed her radiation treatment and chemo about two years prior came in for a checkup.  she now had a baby girl, beautiful, she looked healthy and happy with her husband.  they were like 24 or 25 years old.  i was her personal transport that day, and she went in for her checkup, and came out somber.  i asked what was wrong, and she said her blood levels were off and they'd need to do some scans to verify she was still in remission.  next week, she and her family come back in.  more nervous this time, but still hopeful.  they came out of the exam room in tears.  i tried asking what was wrong, but the nurse waved me off.  i found out her breast cancer had returned, and badly.  she was at the point where she had to choose between breastfeeding her child, and living for 5 more years.  there are days i'm really glad i left the hospital.
t3_3gfob0-t3_3gfob0-cu1jsyg	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed in feb 2014 with invasive ductal breast cancer and have finished chemo, a double mastectomy with tissue expanders, radiation and i'm scheduled for the final implants in a few weeks. although still scary, i'm always happy to hear when people go ahead with having a preventative mastectomy and hopefully not have to have chemo and/or radiation. i wish we would have known i was brca2+ before being diagnosed. will she have the tissue expanders placed at the time of the mastectomy? or mastectomy with the reconstruction later on? the tissue expanding process was pretty painful, but only for about 24 hours afterwards. in our case w had a limited time frame for the expanding due to needing to start radiation within 6 weeks post mastectomy, but i've heard other people say it wasn't bad at all for them. take the muscle relaxers before the expanding, if possible. the surgery recovery is rough, but not too bad. my husband had a schedule for my pain meds, easy light snacks available, small refrigerator in the room with cold bottles of water, and remember that she'll need to sleep in a reclined/sitting up position for a few weeks. the drains are a little painful, but only last 2-4 weeks. you'll be emptying the drains and recording the amount of drainage and this is what the surgeon will use to determine when they can be removed. my husband has been very help and understanding and i'm guessing by you posting in here you will be too! this will help with any body issues/concerns she'll have afterwards. hoping everything goes well for you two and that your wife has a quick recovery. if she has more specific questions, please let me know.
t3_2hlwhn-t1_cktwfnk-cku4zks	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5776	i have a friend who has been battling breast cancer for close to a decade now. she walks, moves seemingly uninhibited, but because of the frequency of her chemo treatments, she has a handicapped license plate. she told me that people regularly tell her she is a bad person for taking those spots, even though she is weak.  because i know her, i pass no judgment on any person who parks in those spots.
t3_3mluph-t3_3mluph-cvg4gj3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother passed away from breast cancer back in 2003. i was only 13, and really didn't know how to process it at first. my family is so small, and i never had to deal with losing a loved one before.   it sucked, i'm my goon to sugar coat it, but it made me a stronger person once i came to terms with it. something that really helped me was to try to make myself stop thinking "i wish they were still here" to "while they were here, we had a damn good time." if you need someone to talk to at all, i'll do whatever i can to help.
t3_q7ydc-t1_c3vonad-c3vor2i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're right, i missed that part.  i did not know that.  i had assumed that breast cancer could develop *anywhere* in the breast.  this is why i ask questions.  even still, i've seen women who were completely flat chested, and other women as you've described yourself.  it's completely unbelievable that a flat chested woman has the same size "actual mammary glands and ductal systems" as a woman with huge breasts.
t3_4mnw1h-t1_d3z8hjv-d3z8hsp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my heart seized up. half with fear and half with pure joy. my name sounded so beautiful coming from her lips. this woman sitting beside me, this angel, was more than i deserved. i was a demon and she was an angel – two things that were completely incompatible and from different worlds. i shouldn't love her. i shouldn't care about her. but i did. damn it, i did.  "how about we start from the beginning?" she suggested logically. "what were your parents like?"  "my parents are dead." it didn't occur to me that we both shared this depressing aspect of our lives until after i said them.  "what were they like?" she asked again.  i took a deep breath. did i really want to answer her? it would make every brick fall eventually, and my walls would be destroyed. "my mother was a housewife and my father was a doctor." that was all i would say.  "how did they die?" her voice was gentle, trying to soften the question.  "mother died of breast cancer and father was in a car wreck. died upon impact."  "i'm sorry, certifiedrabbi," she said, taking my hand that lay in my lap. her touch was soft and warm, sending shivers through my body.  i quickly stood up and stuffed my hands into my pockets, walking to her cell door. i was a fucking coward. i was scared to tell her about myself, to tell her my fucked-up past. i wanted to keep her here for as long as possible. and if she knew about all the shit i had done, she would reject me.  nothing's worse than a selfish coward.  i turned the lever on her cell door and walked into the hall, slamming it cruelly behind me. i flinched slightly. great, now she was going to think i was pissed at her. but i couldn't go back in there. i couldn't break my composure again.  it was becoming hard to sustain the fortress i had built so long ago. fidesphilio was eventually going to find a chink in the stone, a fracture. it was only a matter of time.  xxx  you have to send me reddit gold if you want me to finish you off...
t3_461n8s-t3_461n8s-d028ij5	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5903	nothing. no symptoms, no clues. the pa at my ob/gyn found a lump in my left breast during a routine exam-that would turn out to be benign. but, for whatever reason because i am also fairly young, she sent me to get a mammogram. that's when they found microcalcifications on my right side. microcalcifications sometimes (not always) indicate a tumor. there was no lump there. no pain or swelling or discoloration. there were no symptoms to indicate i had breast cancer. in fact, i was eating right, had no family history, and was in the best physical shape of my life, training for a half marathon. it was just luck that i got a pa who sent me for screening and a radiologist with good eyes.  the doctors biopsied the area with microcalcifiactions, which indicated cancerous cells. a lumpectomy and then sentinel node biopsy helped me get my final staging and determined my treatment.  i don't know what to tell women now...i don't want them to live in fear. at the same time...i know that if i waited until age 45 (the new recommended age for a first mammogram), i would possibly have advanced cancer or be dead. so, mostly i just share my story so others know that things like this aren't always textbook.
t3_11mjmj-t3_11mjmj-c6o7uf6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8407	what stage of cancer?   my mom was diagnosed with stage 1 breast cancer when i was 18 (i'm 29 now). i still remember exactly where i was when she called to tell me. i was a junior in college and i dropped out for a year to be home to take care of the house so she could do radiation therapy before work every day (she was so mad about the radiation tattoos - she *hates* tattoos). if it was caught early, she might still be fine. my mom is. we still fight sometimes, but she's my mommy and she's still here and i'm lucky every day.  i'm so sorry you have to deal with this. it sucks and it's hard, but tell her you love her and hug her every chance you get.
t3_2cb1cv-t3_2cb1cv-cje597h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7538	a similar (though not as good) thing happened  to me a while back.  your wife probably talked to a friend at the party, and they shared stories of their marraiges.  the friends story made her realize how lame your sex life was and she was inspired to spice it up.  in my case, my wife had lunch with a new girlfriend of hers who explained that her husband was: out of work for 3 years, taking multiple types of painkillers, leaving her to work 2 jobs to try to cover all the bill, oh and she was fighting breast cancer too.    my wife fucked me like a porn star that night for the first time in years.  the next day we spent hours talking about her friends awful life.  i was like, "oohhh, so sad, you should have lunch with your friend more often!".    we actually talk about it now.  the older your wife gets the more she will appreciate you.
t3_3c61b5-t1_cssmpqi-cst5mrb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	steven universe lost episode         &gt;so i was home alone, one day, and it was 3 am in the morning. i was watching adult swim and just finished the latest episode of kill la kill. saoii was next so i was about to change the channel when all of a sudden it said a new steven universe so i watched, but wondered why they're airing a new episode this late at night, but i didn't care because i could spoil it to my friends later. the intro came on, but for 45 seconds it stayed on a frame of steven mid-jump with his head looking down, so i snapped a picture (the one above) and then 5 seconds later the intro continued, but mixed frames of the new and old intro together, but no one else appeared except for steven and the crystal gems which i thought was weird seeing everything empty. the episode title card showed up and it was called "it hurts/kill me", i thought that it was a sick prank and it made me feel sick, but i kept watching. the quality got to bad vhs quality, and it showed pearl standing on the center of the warp pad with her back to the camera crying. it zoomed out and we saw amethyst hanging upside down from the ceiling by intestine that were hyper-realistic, and ruby with her gem shattered in a million pieces all over the place. amethyst gem then blew up and pearl cried harder like he voice actor was being tortured. i tried to cut the tv off, but the remote burned my hand, and something forced me to sit there and i felt paralyzed and i couldn't close my eyes, not even to blink. sapphire walked in the house and screamed like she was getting torturd, then she took a knife and forced it so far up her gem that it broke it. pearl cried harder. then it cut to lars and sadie staring at the camera wth hyper-realistic eyes with hyper-realistic blood tears and hyper-realistic pupils. they then said something it latin that i was later able to translate as *"steven is our god, he is our lord and savior and we must serve him."*, they then got naked and sadie castrated lars and lars gave sadie a mastectomy and then they started coughing up blood and died. then we cut to pear crying even harder and then she looked in front of her an it looked like she was staring at me. then a picture of a dead boy with his stomach and rest of his intestines removed....it was my friend brian..i still could not move and was froced to stare. then another image of a girl head decapitated from her body appeared...it was my girlfriend kathie, my body would not let me cry. then another image of what looked like a massacre in africa appeared. then we went back to pearl staring. then cut to connie laying in a hospital room on a bed holding a baby, and said something in greek that i translated later as *"your the son of our evil overlord and you will continue his name after his death."*,then she died and it showed the baby' face and it had a hyper-realitic black liquid coming out of its mouth and its eyes were hyper-realistic and fully black. then it cut to pearl staring with hyper-realistic eyes. then it cut to all of beach city covered in hyper-realistic blood and everyone in the center burning and screaming like their voice actors were being tortured. then w cut back to pearl and then she said *"fuck you..."* before hr gem broke. then it showed steven on a pentagram with 666 burned on his forehead, laughing, he had black eyes that were hyper-realistic with hyper-realistic blood tears, and hyper-realistic black stuff coming out of is mouth like the baby. he turned to the camera and said in a demonic voice, *"i am god"*, the episode showed the credits, but the lyrics were all changed to talk about death, satan, and other horrific things. i was able to finally move, so i ran to the bathroom and threw up. then i took a hammer and destroyed my dvr, so sorry i couldn't get any footage except for that frame up there. i then got a call from my parents saying that my friends were missing and they were on their way home. i decided not to tell them about this and kept it to myself, but i can't take it anymore, i have to end it all...for my dark lord....                         there's your creepypasta
t3_3cvqfl-t3_3cvqfl-cszip7c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7584	maybe try not eating at shitholes like mcdonalds and chipotles.  maybe she eats in cycles depending on general mood, seasons, whatever...  my girlfriend of 3+ years tends to eat half as much in the summer while drinking 3 times as much.  as a result, in the summer she drops 10-15 lbs.  of course as winter comes, she starts cooking more and between my pies and her meals, she gains it right back.  but if you were to suddenly start monitoring her in april when she went in to try on shorts, and noticed she was a half size smaller, and then came to your conclusion mid-august, you'd think she was full blown anorexic.  now, i'm not blowing off your concern.  maybe she is sick.  but having had many a family member and past girlfriend who have had eating disorders and worse (like breast cancer at 19, lupus, etc) i'm pretty sure you'd notice these things.
t3_1dh7sf-t3_1dh7sf-c9qdpj2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	like it or dislike it, its up to you.  i know where i stand and the reasons i got the tattoo.  i just wanted people to know they have support and even if the world wakes up and stops treating people unequally, i will not regret getting this tattoo. it will always mean something important to me.  i have other tattoos that make statements, i have a breast cancer ribbon for my family members who have battled breast cancer.  i also have a tattoo dedicated to the person i lost from some selfish person who was drunk driving.  i like to think that i am positive person doing good in my community.  i understand not everyone will like my ally tattoo but it something that wanted for many years.  i don't usually just throw it around showing people.  i put it on reddit cause its mostly anonymous. i don't think anyone on here actual knows me in real life.  which might be part of the reasons i have been getting some of the feedback i have gotten.  it doesn't detour me from believing what i believe and supporting the community always.    much love to everyone.
t3_1t3z0x-t1_ce42n2x-ce4339x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom, strong woman, made me the man i am today. she's a breast cancer for 10 plus years now. i have a tattoo with the breast cancer ribbon with her name in it.
t3_vwcr1-t3_vwcr1-c58b9z9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i went to girl scout camp when i was really young. while we were there we had a “nature walk” activity which was lead by the nature counselor, a large older woman in a whimsical dress that now strikes me as extremely impractical for nature walking. oh, and she had what looked like a third boob. in the tactless way of 7-year-olds, one of my cabin mates pointed the huge lump in her dress out and asked what it was. the lady looked at us all very seriously and said “it’s a tumor. i have breast cancer.” we all sobered immediately and proceeded to listen closely for the next twenty minutes as she taught us the names of different plants. she was showing us a piece of goldenrod (the forest the camp was in was not exactly overflowing with beautiful wildflowers) when the lump in her bra started to twitch violently. i became extremely concerned that this was some advanced stage of breast cancer and she was about to need medical assistance here, in the middle of the woods, even though our first aid training activity wasn’t until tomorrow. i don't think i'm exaggerating when i say her breasts were heaving back and forth and i was about to pass out because i was 8 and oh shit this is the reality of life and cancer?  and that’s when a disheveled rabbit poked its head out of her boobs.  tl;dr: old hippie told a bunch of girl scouts she had breast cancer, actually she had a rabbit.
t3_42qppf-t1_czcdakk-czcl75n	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6583	i had breast cancer before the "insurance has to cover reconstructive surgery when due to breast cancer" thing kicked in.  as such, i had a lumpectomy and kept my own boobs.  i wouldn't have minded a great new set, but i am still here 9 years later, so i don't mind.
t3_cii54-t1_c0st6ia-c0stglb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8038	that's a pretty ridiculous assertion.  yes, there are many medications that only treat a symptom of something, like headache medicine, but that's because often the actually complaint is the symptom, and the cause is too indefinable to allow for a 'cure', and often the cause is harmless, and self rectifying, so it doesn't even warrant a 'cure'.  so you can take some tylenol for your headache, which is probably going to work regardless of cause, or you can go to a doctor, go through a series of examinations to figure out exactly why you have a headache, and then, if your headache hasn't gone away on it's own by then, be given a choice of tylenol, a preposterously safe medication for the symptom that is the headache, or some possibly less safe medication to 'cure the cause'.  or, as happened to me, i mentioned the headaches, and the doctor told me that it was likely due to my allergies causing sinus pressure, he gave me some medication, and a referral to an allergy specialist, who can likely provide a desensitization treatment.    mainstream medicine, or as i like to call it, medicine, finds cures and permanent solutions to problems all the time.  they also have lists of preventative action you can take against illness longer than i am tall, that almost no one listens to.    where was the profit in the eradication of small pox?   in the continued effort to eliminate polio, that's in it's endgame as we speak?   where was the profit in the development of the one time, non-invasive procedure to remove my mothers genetically linked breast tumor?   where was the profit in the one time operation to treat my fathers diabetes linked adrenal gland tumor?   where was to profit in the one time operation to remove my pilonidal cyst?  shouldn't they have just put me on antibiotics forever?  they would have made more money, since my insurance pays more for three months of antibiotics than they did for the procedure.    none of the above would have happened if the medical community was in the habit of holding back cures to maximize profits.  not one of them.  they all treat the underlying problem, and they all were permanent, and they worked, which is more than can be said of non-mainstream 'medicine'.    medicine is derived from science.  if it works, if it makes people better, and you can show that it isn't just chance, then it's medicine.  your preventable causes for cancer probably don't meet that criteria, or else it would be developed, expanded upon, the unneeded parts removed, and presented to the general public as a cure for cancer.  and there would be much rejoicing.    medicine doesn't need to manipulate treatment availability to be profitable.  medicine will *always* be profitable, because there will *always* be mutating bacteria, new viruses, subtle malfunctions of organs, new ways for you to throw your kidneys out of whack.  there will always be people who fall down the stairs, fall off ladders, stick a wine bottle up their ass, inhale a gob stopper, put a gun in their mouth and blow off a cheek.  even the best engineering, with the best maintenance, and the most gifted mechanics, can't prevent your car from ever breaking down.    does your alternative to medicine cost money?  do you still get sick?  is there a substantial body of evidence showing that the treatment works better than placebo the majority of the time?  maybe the people selling you this alternative, who are the people yelling about how medicine is only out to make money, are the actual ones scouring for profit.    the funny thing about effective preventative medicine, is that it's easy to not notice that it's working.  my mother hasn't had a heart attack, is it the aspirin therapy and cholesterol control medication, or would she be fine without it?  my sister hasn't gotten skin cancer, despite a long history of working dawn to dusk outdoors in the full sun, is it because she listened to the advisement to use adequate sun screen, or just good luck?    medicine abounds with cures to actual disorders, and effective prevention of disorders.  just because you don't acknowledge them, doesn't mean they're not there.  just because we haven't figured out a way to surgically remove an aggressive tumor from the middle of your parietal lobe, radiation therapy isn't viable, and the only treatment possible is intensive chemo therapy, and drugs, which haven't eliminated it, but have stopped the spread, doesn't mean that the whole field is a crock, out to make a buck.  real medicine is science, and science is *hard*.    **tl;dr:** oncology is hard, let's go to a shaman.  edit:  apologies if my reply came across as a little over the top.  i'm feeling *exceptionally* pro actual scientific medicine lately, considering they just recently discovered, swiftly diagnosed, and treated my mothers early stage breast cancer.  according to the doctors, they found it early enough, and the treatment was super-effective, so there should be no recurrence.  the system worked, and i'm very happy about it.    my opinions towards unscientific medicine are still the same, but i would normally present it in a less aggressive manner.
t3_1ean6n-t1_c9yhwr5-c9yrnth	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is spot on actually. some people below say "move to a developed country and it's all good." well guess what - it's not. in theory, i have, by default, "free" medical care in my country (insurance is deduced - by law - from each citizen's monthly salary), but if a girl tries to do an elective mastectomy here this is what would happen:  - she would be denied coverage due to the treatment not being a "necessity" - should she get cancer eventually, she will be granted a mastectomy, but certainly without any additional testing and treatments. - she would probably also be granted reconstruction, however she will have to wait in a long ass line for it - possibly 2-3 years (without her breasts!). and then when it is performed, don't count on the highest standard either - she will get the cheapest implants and i would just forget about any additional treatments to remove / conceal scars...  there is no such thing as top standard, free, public medical care - there are trade-offs being done everywhere...
t3_mwcbm-t1_c34fz90-c34g4r7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have a rare breast cancer. likely the only one that does need awareness, inflammatory breast cancer. it is the breast cancer without a lump. it also doesn't show up on mammograms or sonograms.  the cancer showed up when i was 30, but i wasn't diagnosed until i was 31. that delay allowed the cancer to spread from the left breast to the right, bone, brain, skin, pleural cavity and 42 of 42 lymph nodes.  it has recurred five times. there isn't enough skin left to have an expander and what is left is so badly damaged from the radiation that reconstruction isn't an option. there are newer surgeries like the diep/siea flap, but my chest's blood supply is so bad, that surgery is impossible.  i have tried dating and it isn't fun. it's one thing to have someone when you get sick. it is an entirely different scenario when you're already scarred.
t3_1nl0kf-t1_ccjjm5j-ccjmrcc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; i am allergic to beer  that is literally the saddest thing i have ever heard :(  they should make november breast cancer awareness month and make october beer allergen awareness month.
t3_2jhg04-t1_clbvsn6-clbwew8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	absolutely! my brother-in-law's donor met my sister, after my brother-in-law's death, and it really meant a lot to her. as awful as the whole thing was, my brother-in-law had an extra year to see his daughter go off to college, and to say goodbye to his family. his leukemia was killing him, so the extra year was good in many ways. hard, don't get me wrong, but he was the kind of guy to take the good and bad with strength and integrity.   my sister met someone a year later, and they're really sweet together. we all miss my brother-in-law, and everyone is pretty open about that, but we also love and appreciate her "new" guy (it's been nearly ten years now). life is good, but seriously, gvh sucks.   i'm sorry about your dad. i lost my mom to breast cancer 15 years ago, and it still sucks. please accept my genuine sympathy for your loss.
t3_1kj16i-t3_1kj16i-cbpj0ca	breast_cancer	relevant	0.587	what is says.   you didn’t even know me &amp; last saturday 8/10/13 i was shopping in aldi &amp; you were the cashier. my total was $25 over drawn in my bank account, due to my check not being deposited &amp; available for me. i was going to take the $25 worth of groceries out of my cart &amp; pay $150 because i knew that was in my account for sure. you, without hesitation,  picked up your own debit card &amp; paid my remaining $25. you had no idea who i was or what my situation was, you were so selfless i was speechless. here’s my story. that check was waiting to deposit in my account was my disability check. at the age of 30 (*the card has “...but they say it all, thank you” printed in the center.*) i was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer that has spread to my bones and liver. i live on a disability set income. i fight everyday to be as healthy as i can. i’m in chemo now and it’s tough. grocery shopping is a difficult task these days. a simple thank you is not enough. i am speechless with sincere gratitude &amp; appreciation. i want to give you a hug, so i bought you a bowl of them! thank you again.
t3_2rvfew-t3_2rvfew-cnjoo13	breast_cancer	relevant	0.663	my mom having brain tumors.  the year before she had breast cancer and she had surgery, chemo and during radiation they found it had spread to her stomach. and it was about 8 months from her first diagnosis.. she had trouble with one of her hands, i forget which. i think it was her right because she was right handed. she couldn't hold a utensil or things like that. her other hand was fine, i remember that. and i remembered learning in psychology in high school how the brain affects the left or right part of our body and i remember thinking it had spread to her brain.  it was my first year of college, i was 18 and i remember going to pick her up from chemo. she usually met me outside. i was working and went to classes. and i remember being annoyed she was late, a memory that has haunted me to this day. i parked and went inside and she was on the floor surrounded by nurses and doctors. and thats the night we found out it spread to her brain. it was a couple of weeks after i noticed the changes in her.  she died a few months later. two weeks after mothers day. i remember that on mothers day i bought her her favorite soup for mothers day and she was never hungry enough to eat it and i had to throw it out after she died.
t3_15jjli-t1_c7n7iuc-c7nee9s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; it was like the entire episode never happened  denial: it's not just a river in egypt. :)  first of all, i'm so glad to hear that the cats are healthy.  that said, with fifty cats in her home, she's not going to be able to keep them healthy for long.    and i guess i should ask: how, exactly, does your mom define "healthy"?  is the cats's living area free of urine/kitty poo?  are all the litter boxes being changed daily?  what kind of food is she feeding them?  does she take her cats to periodic visits to the vet?  are they all up-to-date on their vaccines?  (this last one is particularly important--all it takes is one cat showing up with a contagious disease like the feline leukemia virus and your mom will have a kitty holocaust on her hands).   you wrote in your op that *"they have pretty much destroyed her and her house"*, which would seem to indicate that the environment may not be healthy for either her or her cats.  which would in turn lead me to suspect that her cats may only be healthy at first glance, and may be living on borrowed time.   &gt; she does accuse me of attacking her  that's because, in her mind, you are.  here's something you have to understand.  your mom has a mental disorder, one that's only [just being recognized by psychiatrists](http://www.reddit.com/r/hoarding/comments/15f5nk/merry_christmas_rhoarding_hoarding_is_now/).  her mental disorder drives her to collect animals under the delusion that she is protecting them and taking care of them when no one else will.     that delusion provides her an immense amount of emotional comfort.  it gives her a part of her life where she's in full control.  it gives her living creatures that love her.  it gives her a sense of purpose and direction.  it makes her feel important and needed.  it supresses her anxiety (and increasingly, hoarding is being seen as an anxiety-driven disorder, the hoarding resulting from some sort of trauma your mom has experienced).   you need to understand that from her perspective, you're threatening to take all of that emotional comfort away.  if you talk to her about reducing or removing her hoard--in this case, her cats--you're talking about destroying the entire reason your mom gets out of bed every day.  this disorder makes people tie up their sense of self into things, so when you talk about taking away her cats, you're literally--in her mind--talking about taking away her entire reason for living.   this sort of mentality creates huge trust issues when you're dialoguing with a hoarder.   and if your hoarder doesn't trust you, she will fight you every step of the way, with every resource at her disposal.  i don't want to alarm you, but here at /r/hoarding we've seen stories in the press just in the past year alone where hoarders have taken unbelievable steps--including [hostage-taking](http://www.reddit.com/r/hoarding/comments/147jmt/animal_hoarder_holds_exboyfriend_captive/), [stand-offs with police](http://losangeles.cbslocal.com/2012/07/05/shots-fired-in-alleged-hoarder-standoff-at-long-beach-home/), [arson](http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2012/10/02/fire-kills-1-badly-burns-another-in-extreme-hoarding-intervention-gone-awry/), and even [suicide](http://www.reddit.com/r/hoarding/comments/y9u2r/the_story_of_local_hoarder_spencer_harris/)--to protect their hoards.  animal hoarders are among the toughest nuts to crack, so to speak, so be prepared to face a good deal of resistance and denial.   here's what i would try, were i in your shoes:  1) i would first of all absolutely contact that birchall person and let her know you're dealing with an animal hoarder who's deep in the grip of the disorder--complete denial of reality, feelings of persecution when confronted with her problems, fifty cats in a ruined house, etc.  see what resources she can offer you.   2) i am completely clueless about canadian geography, so forgive me if none of these are a reasonable option for you.  did i understand that your ma's in ottowa? try calling the [ottawa public health information](http://ottawa.ca/en/residents/public-health/healthy-living/hoarding)  line at 613-580-6744 (tty: 613-580-9656) for info and possible assistance.   the [gatekeepers program at catholic family services]( http://www.cfshw.com/gatekeepers/) in hamilton is an initiative aimed at assisting seniors with compulsive hoarding tendencies.  they have people working closely with the hoarders to slowly move them out of their disordered thinking.  they might be able to provide support to you.   and vancouver is trying out a [hoarding response team](http://www.reddit.com/r/hoarding/comments/zrpbp/vancouver_canada_a_look_at_vancouvers_hoarding/), so if that's local to you, you might try talking to them.   3) in discussions with your mom, i would focus completely on the health and well-being of her cats.  if you can get her to understand that you're every bit as concerned for her cats as she is, then that will go a long way towards getting her to trust you to help her make decisions about her cats.   so talk to her about her cats well-being.  "hey, mom, when did you last get your cats vaccinated?  there's an outbreak of rabies in the area, you know" ([a mostly true story](http://metronews.ca/news/canada/239723/labrador-rabies-outbreak-cause-for-concern/)], but you can embellish it slightly for your needs.).  or  "hey, mom, look--there's a [low-cost spay/neuter clinic](http://ottawa.ca/en/residents/animals-and-pets/registration-and-regulations/spayneuter-clinic) in the area now.  we need to look into that--did you know that neuturing tomcats prevents prostate disease and certain cancers, and neuturing female cats prevents breast cancer in them?  i'll call them for an appointment--i'll bet they give you a group discount!"   etc., etc..  work to earn her trust.  show her you're concerned about her cats, too, and want them to be healthy.  get excited at any and all opportunities to improve her cats' health:  "mom!  petsmart is having a hell of a sale on some really great cat litter and litter boxes!  i'm on my way to pick you up--we need to hurry to beat the crowds!"   it's a long shot, admittedly, because animal hoarders hold tight to the delusion that only *they* can provide the best for their animals (and when i say "delusion", i mean that they can literally be standing on tops of the corpses of their animals, screaming at you that *everything is just fine*).   but if she believes she can count on you to have her cats' best interest at heart, she may listen to you when you start talking about reducing the hoard and re-homing some of her cats.   good luck with everything.  i hope this all works out, and your mom and her cats stay healthy.  do let us know how it goes.
t3_2jbg57-t1_cla5bzy-cla645g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sorry i should have explained it better, if i was told i had an elevated risk of breast cancer but that if i voluntarily removed my healthy breast tissue right now that chance would become normal again, and it included a free reconstructive/cosmetic boob job, i wouldnt even shed a tear, but yes i realise i am probably alone in this opinion
t3_2l3a19-t3_2l3a19-clr27lk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am going to assume that you are speaking of casually dating someone rather than in an actual relationship for most of this.   i have cancelled tons of dates at the last minuet reasons have included:  * temporarily lost the ability to walk (before i had emergency wheel chair) * spent all damn night in the emergency room and i am freaking exhausted and frustrated.  * spent all damn night at the hospital because someone i care about is in the emergency room and i am freaking exhausted and frustrated and worried.  * unexpectedly had a huge bout of fatigue and i can barely make it to the toilet never mind out on a date. * in the middle of dealing with the police because someone broke their restraining order.  * in the middle of some form of family emergency that may include (but is not limited to):  * my niece is in the hospital.  * my mom's breast cancer returned yet again  * my sister was hit by a car  * my niece is having severe ptsd flash backs and my mom has phoned me to try and help talk her down.    how i would respond to the suggested reactions   a) be the nice guy and say "it's okay, another time then."  *  would make an effort to go on a date in the future. may suggest something low key at my place if my health still isn't great.    b) don't respond and never contact again  * might follow up with once. call someone else i was seeing casually. have fun adventures with the other person.    c) ask her to be completely honest in telling you what's up and where you stand  * depending on what crisis i am dealing with at the time i would probably get kind of annoyed that this person is expecting me to sooth their ego when i am in the middle of a crisis.   would not go on any future dates.    d) express my discontent in saying how i thought it was rude, etc.   * same answer as c.    if i was more than casually dating someone and they reacted with b, c, or d... i would have to weigh if i still wanted to remain in a relationship with them and unless this was extremely out of character... i probably would not be interested in seeing them any longer.   edit to add: in both cases i have never cancelled at date maliciously or due to lack of interest. i would really freaking resent the implication that the reason why i couldn't make a date was petty or anything other than legitimately not being able to make a date.
t3_11175a-t1_c6ieq70-c6ieqof	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i do have a heart, that's why i would rather help a woman prevent breast cancer, than dress in pink and pretend that what i'm doing is meaningful.   i  have family members with breast cancer. that's why i care so much about helping another woman avoid it.  my mother would be very happy that i would want to protect another human being rather than dress in pink, after all her dear sister (my godmother) has breast cancer and the family is ruined because of the expense and the emotional pain.
t3_2upifz-t1_coaxvnv-cob0qti	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6079	it depends on if they have disability insurance through their employer a/o if they would qualify for some sort of social security disability coverage. neither of which would pay out what the person was making before (it's usually just a percentage of your pay- for example my coverages pays out 60% of my pay).   social security disability, from my understanding, takes quite a bit of time and redtape to get through so you could potentially be using unpaid fmla leave for 12 months before any of that kicks in. i had a neighbor that had stage vi breast cancer and was denied ss as they felt she could continue to do some sort of work...even though she had a morphine pump that meant she was pretty much out of it most of the time. she had to fight it and eventually won but it took another 6 months- she passed away shortly afterwards.
t3_38vccd-t1_cryectf-cryn4dv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6781	when my mom was in treatment for breast cancer she always consented to have students in the room and participated in any studies for which she was eligible. she said that if she had to do through this, it helped her to know that she was helping train the doctors and develop the methods that would be treating her sisters/friends/daughters if they ever had to go through something similar in the future.
t3_48t60g-t1_d0mhfcw-d0mkbz1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you for this! when my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer many of my friends said things like, "oh, well my [insert family/friend here] had cancer and they didn't even need chemo and were totally fine, your mom will be fine too, don't worry"   please don't do this. it made me feel like i had to justify my worry and pain over this news. i understood they didn't know how to help and were just trying to be positive but it made me feel like i couldn't talk to them.
t3_2ud30c-t3_2ud30c-co7n1bx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6655	be there with her no matter how it goes. whatever happens is not her fault although she may feel that way. if it goes well praise god, if it goes badly praise god, although that's a little harder to do. my wife fought breast cancer for 21 years and we both said it made us better people and we wouldn't change it. ask the lord to lead you to the right doctor, get second opinions, talk to people who have been through it. don't let a scary diagnosis become something unspoken. talk often together about your hopes and dreams, your fears, tell her you love her over and over. if surgery is the treatment then tell her you love her more and more, she will still be the same person but will be wondering how you feel, she'll be afraid. don't let surgery separate you, do the opposite because she will still be the same beautiful woman you fell in love with and married. if you're angry with god tell him, he's big and he can take it. don't waste time in getting treatment, aggressive and early are words to remember. there are so many many things they can do today and there is so much hope. watch out for the miracle cures, we watched them come and go. if it's cancer find a good oncologist even if it's not convenient. but i'll be praying that it's just a false alarm. and if it is then look more closely at prevention!
t3_2chkri-t3_2chkri-cjfobeu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had breast cancer once. my boob ws incredibly painful &amp; felt hot &amp; swollen. turns out, i had mastitis. but wait, you say, that only happens to women while they're breast feeding. apparently not. while more common while breast feeding, infected milk ducts can happen anytime.
t3_4s1fth-t3_4s1fth-d55zmye	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm feeling for you...   my wife is in the hospital right now, stage 4 breast cancer that has spread to her skeletal system.  began halaven chemo last week and came down with an infection, now struggling to speak with mucousitis.  she's been fighting for about 5 years now, unfortunately it seems to be making a push recently.  hospital staff are confident she'll recover, nonetheless i wish every moment that it was me in the bed with all the wires and beeping machines hooked into my arms.  watching the one you love most in the world struggle is painful beyond words.  my deepest sympathies for you and your families.  your warning will be heeded.  we've made some plans but will make sure they're all written in stone as soon as possible.
t3_4btrmr-t3_4btrmr-d1cla4c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"sentimental old fool."  that's what they called me just before they banished me from europe.   any vampire would have done the same: many did. she was my last living granddaughter. i couldn't leave her to die when it was within my power to save her. it was long known that the vampiric curse amplifies everything you are making you stronger, faster, quicker and smarter. what doomed me and my granddaughter was the madness living within her mind. i prayed that she would be cured when turned, but it was not to be.   she quickly lost control once the curse had taken hold and attacked and drank the nearest mortal, and then the next and the next. i subdued her before sunset, but the damage was already done. the public outcry encouraged pope honorius ii to recognize a catholic military organization known as the knights templar. they were officially charged by the church as protectors of pilgrims to the holy land, but their true purpose was to eliminate vampires from the european continent.   the knights tracked her down and publicly executed her and she wasn't the last vampire to come under their cleansing fire.   it was for my actions and the actions of my granddaughter that i was cast out of europe and later exiled to the americas.   i sighed as the well lit buildings in downtown portland rose up around me. here it was, more than 900 years later and thoughts of my former life had not yet left me. so long and nothing to show for it. at what point do i give up this existence?   my brooding mind was interrupted by a trickle of psychic information. since the time of the crusades and the american revolution i had not felt many other vampires. i moved in the direction of the contact, interested in what i would find.   she was young by the smell of it. the curse was churning through her veins burning out the last vestiges of humanity while she sat...   i looked up. her figure perched on the edge of the wells fargo center tower looking west. i knew she could sense me more than 500 feet below, but she barely acknowledged my existence as i quickly scaled the tower dropping to her left.   she sat, looking small and frightened, shivering as the human parts of her fought and died.  finally, she spoke. "what do you want?   her eyes pierced through the center of my being, leaving me trapped like a pinned bug.  she shivered and doubled up from the pain. i took a step closer to her.   "it will stop hurting, soon." my voice was raw from disuse.   "you don't understand. i've never felt so alive. i could climb down the side of this building and run a thousand miles."  she watched me, her voice breaking, "i still want to die."   before i knew it my arms were around her; her body tightened like a string. as i held her, gently, she gave into my embrace. through her open mind i saw the world through her eyes.   parents dead at a young age, doomed to walk the streets alone; an outcast. sold herself for money, raped by men who only saw a child. she'd walked through fire and come out the other side tempered like inexpertly hardened steel; strong but not without weakness. two years to get a four year nursing degree, and find a girlfriend who loved her unconditionally.   then disaster. breast cancer struck down her lover at the age of 25 shattering her life and once again leaving her unbound.   she looked at me through the tears. "i was supposed to die today, and then that man bit me. i know what you are and i know what that means."   she sobbed harder against my shoulder.   our moment was interrupted by a shrill beeping coming from my wrist.   her eyes turned toward my face as i spoke. "ten minutes to dawn."   she sat back and let me go. "you should leave. i want to watch the sun rise."   i grabbed her again and held her close letting her see into my mind.   no family, no friends, cast off from my world and left to wonder alone; my heart slowly turning to stone. thoughts of my granddaughter and the slaughter of my people because of my actions intruding into my mind more and more as the days went by. until, suddenly, thoughts of death come welcome and unbidden filling me with peace.   finally, i spoke.  "let's watch it together."  we did.
t3_3xshpf-t1_cykkwpy-cykvvn0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, she is a really cool plant. she is designed for cbd and terpene production but isn’t a huge producer like marijuana plants that have been bred for production. our next steps are to try to get her to be a bigger producer and raise her terpene levels even higher. there are some strains such as “albert walker” (marijuana genetics) that run around 10% total terpenes. typical marijuana is around 1.5%. so, she is our baby, but there are always ways to improve on strains.  we do not offer undiluted cbd oil because we feel it is illegal. international hemp laws state that hemp must be at or under .3% thc. we follow these same guidelines when making our products. this is not only done to protect ourselves, but it protects our customers too. if a police officer confiscates your “cbd oil from hemp” that is 70% cbd and over .3% thc, he or she isn’t going to care that you told him or her that it’s legal because it’s hemp. it is also possible to convert cbd into thc through chemical process. if the “.3% thc” guidelines didn’t have relevance, then it would be possible to create 70%+ thc oil from hemp.  there are no consumable grade “legal in 50 states” cbd oils available at this time. this would require cbd/terpene rich hemp plants testing around .07% thc to keep them around .3% thc when in concentrated form. some industrial hemp strains don’t even pass until they have been seeded up to ensure “seed weight” when testing to bring the thc levels down. .07% thc will be done, but it hasn’t yet in fully mature plants.  limonene has beneficial properties on its own. it is doubtful that adding limonene to cbd oil is going to do a whole lot for the “entourage effect”, but it may be of some benefit on its own. our vape product was our first product that we launched. the limonene was added to balance out the flavor of the peg 400 more than anything. we still do not add limonene to our “avocado label”. our “blue label” in mct oil originally didn’t contain limonene, but we have a breast cancer client that requested we do it, so we did. the science is not there yet on if it will add benefit, but organic limonene is cheap and we like to give our clients the opportunity to try new things.  we actually bought the domains “cbdshatter(dot)com” and “cbddabs(dot)com a while back before it became impossible to buy good cbd domain names. we occasionally dab cbd, but we just aren’t there yet when it comes to making a “legal in 50 states” unadulterated cbd oil.  please let me know if you have any more questions or would like more clarification on anything.
t3_e1xnx-t1_c14n57d-c14ngzy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"obamacare" is never going to be as popular as medicare.  wikipedia says that 15.4% of the country was uninsured for at least part of the year in 2008.  [this article](http://www.csmonitor.com/usa/2010/0323/obama-signs-health-care-bill-who-won-t-be-covered) says the cbo says that 32 million people will have coverage in 2019 that otherwise would not have.  in that same year, the u.s. population is estimated to be 357 million.  less than 10% of the population will see significant benefits from "obamacare," compared to every single old person and every person who thinks they'll live to be old.  if premiums keep going up (which seems likely given the meager attempts at cost control in the bill), the vast majority of americans will perceive either no effect or a negative one from the reform.  only a small portion of the population suffered under the pre-existing condition exclusions.  only a small portion hit the lifetime caps that have since been removed.  free preventative care won't be much consolation to people in the face of continuous premium increases.  woo-hoo, the annual breast cancer screening is free, but premiums went up 7%.    gay rights aren't popular now and probably won't be any time soon.  that's like saying the democrats should have passed civil rights in 1905 because giving rights to blacks was going to be popular in the future.  it is a nice policy goal and perhaps expanding equality is worth losing elections, but that's what will happen if democrats become the gay rights party.  they'll lose any socially moderate/conservative blue-collar voters they had for a couple decades til societal attitudes change.  financial reform is all well and good but voters don't even know what derivatives are, let alone understand the impact of moving derivatives to a central clearinghouse.  it isn't a salient policy issue and won't win (or lose) many votes.  stem cells are the same as gay rights (the right is morally opposed), although i can see the "popular in the future" more here than with gays.  christians will always think gays are sinful and evil, but they could well change their mind about stem cell research if it starts curing alzheimer's or parkinson's.    i'm not sure why democrats can't accept that perhaps people aren't thrilled by democratic policies.  pushing more and more liberal policies isn't going to win back the moderate and conservative voters who voted for obama in 2008 but voted republican or stayed home this week.  if the democrats want to win back some seats, hold the white house, and actually make the country better, they're going to have to work with republicans to pass moderate reforms and make incremental improvements.  if they try to ram through relatively far left-of-center policies, they will either fail and be accused of making the perfect the enemy of the good or they will succeed and alienate moderate voters.  tl;dr "obamacare" won't help most americans who already have insurance and are concerned with costs; pushing further left will result in getting nothing done or alienating moderate voters, neither of which is good for winning in 2012.
t3_wiqhr-t3_wiqhr-c5doem2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ah, nipples &amp; derp... my favourite cancelled 70's cop drama.  nipples: derp, we got a case.  derp: guffaw, wats-a dat boss?  nipples: i don't know, but something's telling me this is gonna be... a hard one.  derp: don't you mean a hard two, nipples mam. *audience laughs.*  nipples: what the fuck did you just say?  derp: i uh...  nipples: what did you call me?  derp: well i uh...  nipples: i had breast cancer you motherfucker. i had a double mastectomy. you think that's funny? you think that's a funny nickname?  derp: it's... uh... i...  nipples: you know what? i'm glad your girlfriend died in that housefire.  it was a deep show.
t3_4ugvkj-t1_d5qcn08-d5qd08i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5023	luckily, i feel fine otherwise.  not weak, or tired, or anything else really. i did notice that my upper back is a bit stiff this morning though, so all signs are pointing to a trapped nerve in the upper back. i'm still going to be scared until i get the x ray results back. seriously though, as long as it isn't cancer, i'll actually be happy with the disgnosis.  my mom had breast cancer, and she survived that, but then it spread to her spine, so anything that could be cancer in that area hits a little too close to home for me.  it's no longer just a statistic when you know the person i guess....  i seem to have picked up a new symptom this morning, but i think it may be related to the fact that my back is stiff.  when i'm leaning forward in a chair, if i drop my head forward, i feel a bit of a pull in my neck, and a weird feeling shoots through both legs from just above the ankle into the foot.  it seems that it's stretching my spine a bit, so it's almost definitely a pinched nerve.  again though.. why is it pinched?  that's the part i'm going crazy thinking about.  in what way are you feeling ill?  not that i can diagnose, but it might be something for me to watch for, and i can let you know if anything similar comes up with me.
t3_4ctkc3-t3_4ctkc3-d1llib6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok...so i was 16 and was getting a driving lesson from my mum. it was one of my first times driving through the middle of the city i live in and the traffic was fairly bad. she already hated having to teach me to drive, and so was stressed out by the traffic situation...i remember we were having a ~normal~ conversation and suddenly she went nuts. i'd accidentally said something she didn't like. you know what she did? she screamed and cried and sooked and waited until we got to a stop sign and then she got out of the car. yeah, i was a 16 year old with next to no experience driving in a big city and she got out of the car. i could have been arrested for driving without an instructor. she also nearly broke my arm slamming the car door on it whilst i tried to grab her to stop get getting out. i was so scared and had no idea what to do so i drove around the block and thankfully i didn't crash and she was waiting where she got out. apparently she'd "had enough of putting up with my shit" that was probably the most wtf thing she's ever done as a parent.  edited to add something i just remembered: my aunt/her sister had been diagnosed with breast cancer and she told her to "get over it" and stop making everyone else sad because she'll be fine.
t3_1ojffb-t1_ccskmfb-ccslm7t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, i have discussed this issue with friends. breast cancer only effects a portion of half of the population. but without these sexualized, rarely used parts of the female body, the world is ruined. not only that, but most campaigns are sexualized and aren't productive in causing awareness. "no bra day"? what does that do? research proved long ago that bras do nothing to one's chances of getting breast cancer. this campaign is just as bad.
t3_3103ke-t3_3103ke-cpxjbnd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6662	i totally understand your fears, given the genetics involved and the fact that everyone gets scared and worried when they find a lump. by all means do look into your options for testing. i can't promise anything, but if you pm me with your location, i'll even see if i can help you dig up any resources.  it is also good to remember that the vast majority of lumps don't turn out to be tumors and the vast majority of tumors are not malignant. in other words, you don't get any gain from assuming the worst. i have had breast cancer (over 10 years ago, phew), and it is still the case that most of my lumps have turned out to be nothing.  the only way i could find this out, though, was to get them checked out. and the one time that i did have cancer, the same principle applied. and i am still here. you can do this.  edited to add a resource i just found: cdc’s national breast and cervical cancer early detection program (nbccedp). they provide diagnostic services for underserved women: http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/nbccedp/
t3_11iaa6-t1_c6n1iq8-c6n1vjo	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a patient who died from breast cancer because she was too shy to have a lump looked at. over time it spread to every inch of her body :(
t3_wx6ua-t3_wx6ua-c5hc0wu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6754	my grandmother finally left her abusive marriage, took on the two children. she met my grandpa. she then was diagnosed with breast cancer, which she beat. years later, she was diagnosed with breast cancer again and beat it again. she now is 70 and going strong.
t3_92uku-t1_c0b8zyv-c0ba8i1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my wife had type iiib metastaic breast cancer (age 40) . she got her first sonogram days later, and within a couple of days had biopsy. after our initial consult with the oncologist we started treatment the next day. we started chemo in a beautiful clinic, served individually by our own nurse. we had top notch state of the art radiation followed by fantastic surgery by a specialist who was a boob specialist. surgery came out perfectly, she retained more than half of her breast. soon she will have reconstructive breast surgery on both breasts and our only out of pocket will be for the medicine, which we only had to pay for because we could afford it. we wanted for absolutely nothing. she is 3 years cancer free, and we asked the oncologist what this would have cost in the states, and he suspected it would have been almost a quarter of a million dollars. our cost .. nothing.  (well nothing plus drugs)
t3_2uc8en-t3_2uc8en-co7hg86	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6569	green eyes, great hair and skin, naturally smart, but... i have depression and a chance of having breast cancer and/or diabetes! also my sister is as thin as a twig with a black-hole stomach while i have to exercise and eat right to stay a healthy weight.
t3_1ecofi-t3_1ecofi-c9yx992	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6578	&gt;my mother fought cancer for almost a decade and died at 56. she held out long enough to meet the first of her grandchildren and to hold them in her arms. but my other children will never have the chance to know her and experience how loving and gracious she was. &gt; &gt;i carry a “faulty” gene, brca1...i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer. &gt; &gt;i made a decision to have a preventive double mastectomy. &gt; &gt;i wanted to write this to tell other women that the decision to have a mastectomy was not easy. but it is one i am very happy that i made. my chances of developing breast cancer have dropped from 87 percent to under 5 percent. i can tell my children that they don’t need to fear they will lose me to breast cancer. &gt; &gt;i choose not to keep my story private because there are many women who do not know that they might be living under the shadow of cancer. it is my hope that they, too, will be able to get gene tested, and that if they have a high risk they, too, will know that they have strong options.
t3_4cf0pa-t3_4cf0pa-d1hs9g2	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have triple negative breast cancer. this means i am undergoing proper "scorched earth" chemotherapy and then surgery and radiation. two cycles of hellish bastarding, evil shit storm of doom drugs to go. i'm young and healthy and i've never suffered as much. each day is a new thing....i diminish per day, hair, nails, skin, gut mucosa, tears, eyelashes, oral and vaginal mucosa. i cannot imagine a sick person enduring this.   there is a special place in hell for this motherfucker. to do this to someone with no medical need is like putting a person on the wrack each day and turning it a half turn.   my chemo is working. my cancer is almost completely gone but it is a monster wrecking ball. it can cause lymphoma as a side effect and permanent heart damage. so the magnitude of what this prick has done to healthy people is stunning. may his anus prolapse.
t3_4x1lx5-t1_d6c2vog-d6c91t7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this. i have breast cancer - am in remission now but worry it will come back.  would i love to cash out my 401k and dance (i've put in max since age 21)?? yes. will l? no - i want my husband to be comfortable w/out my income and college/house to be paid for my children.
t3_1q4cs2-t3_1q4cs2-cd92ngl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think your boyfriend is being very selfish. this is a trying time for you and you're not even out of the woods yet. i'm glad to hear that you're dealing with it very well when your bf isn't. i would suggest when you talk to him to try to compare it with breast cancer survivors and them getting implants. try to get him to also come out with why it makes him squeemish. in all honesty it doesn't affect him one bit as it's hardly noticeable that it's fake. having a fake testicle also won't affect your sexual performance in any way. you'll still be able to get erections, ejaculate, and make sperm with your one remaining good nut. i went through the orchidectomy, and had it spread to my lymph nodes thus putting me on chemo. if you have any questions about what to expect feel free to pm me.
t3_1n3m1t-t3_1n3m1t-ccfc4hw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sexual abuse survivor here. i read earlier someone asked the difference between being a victim and being a survivor? being a survivor means you conquered the abuse and got help and have moved on from self destructive behaviors.  i'm 16 years old, and from the time i was 10-13 years old i was abused by my adopted brother. to answer the question of why about promiscuity, it goes two ways for someone who's been sexually abused.  1.) always being focused on sex 2.) being terrified of anything sexual or even the thought of sexual experiences (even as little as holding hands) brings panic attacks and other side effects.   unfortunately i fell into the first group and i can explain my reason, which many of you may relate to. he took my virginity when i was young. and being young, i was clueless and innocent. i had barely kissed a guy. with that being said, he manipulated me into thinking that sex was okay and normal to have with anyone. so growing up i never gave it much thought that sex was supposed to signify love. another one of my factors was the constant need to feel approval from a male, no matter how they treated me or used me for sex. the craving for attention, approval, and "love" made me promiscuous. aside from promiscuity, i also fell into drugs and alcohol. at the time, i had my abuse bottled up and i never told anybody. i tried to force it away and "forget" it. but it always lied in my sub conscience. drugs and alcohol was how i coped because i didn't know why i couldn't stop doing drugs and drinking and having unwanted sex. alas, my grandma was the one who came to me and predicted she knew why i was so self destructive (she is a former survivor as well). after realizing that the core to my self destructive behaviors was the abuse, i got into intensive sexual abuse therapy.  i have been graduated from therapy for about 8 months. i got my first tattoo on my back of peace doves with the sexual abuse ribbon (it's like the breast cancer ribbon but teal) with the word survivor underneath. i've been in a solid and steady relationship with a wonderful and respective guy for almost a year now and we're engaged.  so to add on to your question, not every victim of sexual abuse will be promiscuous forever. for everyone on this thread who relates to all these posts, go get help!!! no matter how hard and/or embarrassing it is, it is so worth it. i promise self destructive behaviors will never stop until you get the proper help.. i am so sorry for everyone who's gone any kind of sexual abuse, but remember this: it's not about how bad the situation is, it's about how you handle it and make yourself stronger from it.
t3_12qls0-t3_12qls0-c76h1qx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	age i am: 21 but i feel 21 ( i know very boring)  gifts  handmade gifts are: awesome, heartfelt and arousing but not if they are made from pvc.  lifestyle when i'm not working i'm acting the fool and when i'm working i think about playing.  i've always wanted to: travel the world trying every form of exotic food out there. the crazier and more obscure the better!  you can find these things around my place: photos of loved ones, food, laptop, portable tv, xbox kinect, tennis racquet, football, cricket stuff. dvds (100s), puzzles, board games, books, and a lot of mess.  the book i read last was: harry potter and i loved it, i never grow up when it comes to books.  if i'm alone somewhere, trying to pass time, i usually: find something to do, can't keep still, usually results in my trying to find the ball shaped objects and juggling.  my favourite thing to wear when it's warm out is: play sport and drink an ice cold beverage (possibly alcoholic) and when it's cold, snuggle up in front of the fire with a hot chocolate and board game.  i'm allergic to: nothing  i can't quit: you (sorry couldn't resist)  don't give me: weed as i'm pretty sure thats illegal  the feeling of being loved by the person you love is the best feeling in the world.  if my life had a soundtrack, this would be the single: "ain't no stopping me now"  i care for: kind people  i get nostalgic by: old movies and songs  if i was a character in a tv show i'd be: in my dreams it would be abed from community, but probably more chandler from friends, (thinks he's popular and fun but really nobody knows what you even do!)  buys my choice of charity is: breast cancer  this is what i spend money on, when i'm spending it on myself: ha toothpaste, but before that an expansion pack to the game munchkin.  my latest impulse buy was: expansion pack to munchkin  i collect: theatre programs and autographs  lastly... i'd want my santa to know that: i am so thankful for you doing this, christmas is a huge time for me and i love it so much, the idea that someone is trying to find a present for me out there in the world is one of sheer awe. i know you are forced upon having me as a giftee, but still it means a lot to know you would go to any effort to get something for me, thank you and have a merry christmas.
t3_1j2az9-t3_1j2az9-cbadmmq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mine would be the "i &lt;3 boobies" bracelets for breast cancer awareness. breast cancer is not about the breast itself, it is about a woman and her battle. some women have to get their breasts removed. will you no longer care about  her because of her lack of "boobies"? they've always struck me as incredibly immature, and i get really pissed when i see them. when my grandma told me she had breast cancer, do you really think we talked about her tits? fuck no. if i had breast cancer and was in the hospital after getting a mastectomy, do you think i want to see that bracelet? fuck no. testicular cancer sucks but i'm not about to wear a shirt that says that i love balls. and people would think that's completely ridiculous! so why does "i love boobies" seem ok to people?testicular cancer sucks but i'm not about to wear a shirt that says that i love balls. and people would think that's completely ridiculous! so why does "i love boobies" seem ok to people?  i am a woman, i am not my breasts.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrvftc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.649	i found a 3cm lump in my breast, had it checked out, and the radiologist told me it was a benign hamartoma. she told me they go away at menopause and maybe i should switch birth control. she didn't want to remove it because of the potential for scarring.  i had night sweats like a motherfucker but i thought it was just hormones.  two years later the mass was at 10cm and i went to a plastic surgeon to remove it (i'm still thinking it's benign at this point).   she said the moment she opened me up she knew the radiologist was wrong. it took almost two weeks for the lab to identify the type of cancer i had (it was a malignant phyllodes tumor) because it was very rare, and likely that the first radiologist had never heard of it.   i had a mastectomy a week after they figured out what it was.   *tl;dr - get a second opinion. just always.*
t3_343std-t3_343std-cqr8eyz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you had ten people answer you, 5 might say adn, another 5 might say bsn. the most solid reason i can give you to help you choose is what's best for you now and what will help you in the future?  i needed a decent paying job quicker than if i had accepted at one of our 4-year bsn programs. i also had a daughter and was broke as hell. i was 27 living with my mom and step-dad who, it seemed at the time, couldn't stand me.  i was a medic in the army and went to iraq twice and got out in 07. instead of being smart i dicked around for awhile getting in trouble and whatnot. finally i took one class at the local community college: english 101. why? i don't know, just to see how i'd do. i ended up making an a and that really motivated me.  a younger more mature version of me would have went to medical or pharmacy school. but that's not how things played out. so i took the adn route and got a job fairly quick, actually before i even graduated, and now i've been doing this working weekend option, and going to school part-time for my bsn. it's worked for me. i have no regrets.  but if you think you'll have loads of regrets if you decide to jump into the adn program, then don't do it. bsn make take longer, but that's what it's going to anyways these days.  if you feel it is right for you (adn), go all in and don't look back. nursing school will stress you in a way that you've never been stressed before. you need to know you made the right decision for you. not for anyone, but you.  be careful about listening to the rumor-mills. i have a very hard time believing the ed and icus only accepts bsn -- makes no sense. you're not trained to handle drips and codes better at a four-year school then you would at a two-year. if that were the case adns and bsns shouldn't take the same boards. also, at least at my hospital adns and bsns are started off at the same amount of pay.  as far as gaining experience and truly learning your trade? you know where you learn that? you learn that with your preceptor on the floor while you're orientating. nursing school gave me the tools i needed to be a nurse, but my preceptor showed me how to use them efficiently and effectively. she showed me everything there was to being a nurse. i was very lucky to have her. always cool under pressure, answered any question i had and was always so patient; she never made me feel nervous or called me out in front of a patient when i did something wrong. now when i'm training new nurses i try to be as professional and patient as she was. unfortunately, she passed away at the young age of 36 a couple months ago from breast cancer leaving behind three young children and a husband.  but anyways, wow, i got off topic. do what's best for you, my friend. don't let anyone tell you otherwise.
t3_182l8s-t1_c8b4u85-c8b5kzy	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5021	not everyone who has cancer dies. i have a facebook friend who had breast cancer and is still living many years later. try to have hope and be strong, people always fear the worst and more so with cancer for good reason. i hope for all the best for your friend.
t3_3gwzmv-t3_3gwzmv-cu2hm7c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7574	congratulations on kicking cancer's ass! my mom recently was diagnosed with breast cancer, she too had a positive outlook, glad you viewed everything on the bright side as well! what have you learned most about friends and family, and about yourself throughout this whole process?   p.s. don't know if i can post his here, but for anyone else here who is going through cancer or knows someone going through cancer, i documented my mom's experience showing the ups and downs along the way. hope it helps! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dwyggb5ptqy
t3_18duxj-t3_18duxj-c8dwoov	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7461	cfierro, unfortunately there is no way to edit the title of your submission without resubmitting the ama. the title of your ama needs to address who you are so that people are aware of what your ama is about.   your ama has been removed, but please feel free to resubmit under a descriptive title. may i recommend something along the lines of:  &gt;i have an 87% chance of breast cancer, 50% chance of ovarian cancer, and have had a double mastectomy and a full hysterectomy. ama!  a descriptive title is also likely to obtain more attention for your ama. if you have questions, feel free to ask. thank you!
t3_34tw6y-t3_34tw6y-crgzrxf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	year in school: graduating august 2015, biomedical engineering   country/state of residence: connecticut   schools to which you are applying: uconn, rutgers, suny, bu, umass, penn state, pitt, temple, yale, harvard, upenn, usc, ucla, columbia, mount sinai, stanford, ucsd, ucsf, tufts, georgetown, nyu, cornell   cumulative gpa: 3.786   science gpa: 3.788   mcat scores: taking in july   research: my research is biomedical/electrical engineering focused.   * increased maximum led modulation capability in order to help in the realization of a more affordable noninvasive breast cancer imaging system. leds are composed of a pn junction which at high frequencies acts like a capacitor. large parasitic impedances result in lower overall power output of the illuminating source thereby decreasing signal efficacy through the imaged tissue. this results in a obtaining a low quality, low resolution image.   * senior capstone project: construction the aforementioned lower cost breast cancer imager (using diffuse optical tomography technology, or dot). replaced photomultiplier tubes with photodetectors and laser diodes with leds. accomplished a 17x price reduction and constructed a system consisting of a standard two stage amplifier and filter. the system was successfully able to differentiate absorbers (which simulate the behavior of tumors) and a clear, unimpeded signal.   volunteering (clinical): 40 hours during a medical misions trip in honduras. provided basic aid under the supervision of various doctors.   physician shadowing: 25 hours during a medical missions trip in honduras. worked with plastic/reconstructive surgeon, gastrointestinal and endoscopic surgeon, orthopaedic surgeon, and anesthesiologist.    non-clinical volunteering:   * 2007-missions trip to kensington, philadelphia 1 week (reconstruction, community outreach, general community service)   * 2008-missions trip to kensington, philadelphia 1 week.   * 2009-missions trip to south korea 2 weeks.   * 2010-missions trip to west virginia 1 week (community outreach and service).   * 2011-missions trip in honduras 2 weeks (different trip).   * 2012-hurricane katrina relief alternative spring break 1 week.   * 2013-tampa alternative spring break 1 week (construction of women's safe house), missions trip in honduras 1 week (same as above but multicomponent trip).   extracurricular activities:   * 11 years of professional piano training. performed in 5 annual benefit concerts to raise funds for: genocide prevention in darfur, malaria prevention in the amazon, providing food for socioeconomically underprivileged grade school students in bridgeport, ct.   * regular member of my local church for 7 years. was youth group president and worship team leader for 2 years.   * member of tau beta pi (tbp) engineering honors society for 2 years.   * member of alpha eta mu beta (aemb) biomedical engineering honors society for 2 years.   * founding member of engineering in medicine biology society (embs) and served as event coordinator and vice-president until graduation   * also love me some volleyball. played intramural for my whole college career.    employment history:   * worked at my university's quantitative tutoring center for 1 semester.   * provided private tutoring services for 1 year.   * teaching assistant for junior level biomedical engineering course.   immediate family members in medicine? no   specialty of interest: surgical oncology, emergency surgery   graduate degrees: none   interest in rural health? no
t3_1yphl2-t3_1yphl2-cfmxri4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8575	i am a female and just got my genetic test results back for hereditary cancer risk. i went in to see if i had the brca 1 and brca 2 gene mutation (breast cancer and ovarian cancer) because my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer at 31 and passed away at 33. she died in 1987 so there wasn't genetic testing at that point. i turn 30 this year and thought for my 9 year old daughter's sake i needed to get this test done. the test i had not only tested breast cancer genes it also tested for something like 23 other hereditary cancers. prostate, stomach, cancer of the pancreas, and uterus among many others. i am happy to report i was negative for all gene mutations. i had one variant on my test results for pancreatic cancer, which is low on the variant scale and is not thought to increase my risk of cancer. before the test it was computer that i had a 27% chance of having breast cancer in my lifetime. after the test i now have a 17% chance, which is just 5% above the average for females. my breast cancer risk for the next 10 years (i turn 30 in may) is less than 1%
t3_2pqrc2-t3_2pqrc2-cmzbn36	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this will probably be buried but the following is my story.    i was an employee at a call center for a little over a year. i needed money at the time to catchup on bills otherwise i would never have stayed for as long as i did. well, that and the people that worked there, although most being quite "sketchy" - maybe this is the wrong word of choice but it will be my description for those who were generally poor or who clearly made wrong decisions in life (ie. people in their 40s and 50s working at a call center for minimum wage..) - were kind and created a fun working atmosphere.   anyways, the call center i worked for was selling charities. that is, we would call people and ask them for donations to whatever charities we were calling for. your question is regarding what is the worst encounter i would have had during calls? how about the entire system itself. the most i will disclose is that the call center i was working in was in canada and we were selling charities and making calls to the u.s. the charities we were calling under - whole bunch of bullshit. cancer organizations, breast cancer organizations, police departments, fire departments, first responders, whatever you can think of, i have probably called for it. the organizations were stationed in the u.s. at first glance well sure, i'm getting people to donate to a good cause! fantastic! that is until you find out (and this information is given to us directly on the scripts because if asked, we cannot lie) that for all of those charities, the charitable contribution only results in about 10-20% of funds getting to where they are supposed to actually go. think about that for a second the next time you give a donation to a charity and really educate yourself. 10$ donation, 1$ of that is going to where you are expecting it to go. where's the rest? it's paying us, the managers of the call centers, the organizations marketing department, their awareness products, etc.    here's another thing. a lot of organizations that call you keep records of whether you have given a donation. once you do, you're on their list for good and you will be put on their call list for all other organizations they call for. what's bad about this is that many of them are actually subsidiaries of themselves. i have literally called for 5-10 breast cancer organizations with different names that were actually the exact same company. if you're good enough at your job you can get the same person to donate multiple times over the course of a shift, and guess what, they're giving to the same shit.    all the other stuff, that's petty. i've heard it all and i've heard every excuse in the book. my cat just died, my parents, my grandparents, etc. it doesn't matter even if this sounds morbid. what matters for a calling agent is to keep you on the phone while they talk, not you, because statistically that gives them the best chance of a successful call and a sale/donation.   you know what else is messed up? if you don't say the exact magical words, you're staying on their calling list whether you hung up, told them to go fuck themselves, threatened to kill them, or even if you're on a "government do-not call list". none of that works and they will call you again.       tldr: worked at a call-centre selling charities. please be careful with your money people.    if by chance my post has anymore interest i can explain a lot more details including how to actually be good at calling, how people get hired/fired, other call stories, etc. at the time i was working, if you are familiar with it there was also a story done on this topic by anderson cooper.
t3_yoybn-t3_yoybn-c5xlq45	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what? so shaving the hair off shows that she's against cancer?   i'm pretty sure everybody is on that side of the issue.   seriously though, unless she donated her hair for wigs (which it doesnt seem she did) all this accomplished was to spoil the good looks of perfectly attractive girl.   i guess its supposed to get people to donate money to research?   i just dont get why she had to shave her head to garner donations.  its the same problem i have with breast cancer walks... i mean does walking do anything to cure the disease?    people really need to cut it with all the useless crap and either donate their time doing something productive (**like collecting donations**) or simply skip that bit and hand over the cash.
t3_4ae4d6-t1_d0zybk3-d10dfq7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i feel you, u/hkmommy, but for different reasons.   not even a year after getting the merena iud (which i **loved** because no periods!), i was diagnosed with triple positive breast cancer that was fairly aggressive and changed to a copper iud. that was almost 3 years ago. i had a bilateral mastectomy (no reconstruction), underwent chemo, radiation, herceptin, and now i'm on fareston (alternative to tamoxifen). although my cancer is gone (knock on wood), i'm afraid if i get pregnant the hormones will kick start any latent cancer cells. i know it's irrational, but it still scares me. now all this talk about getting pregnant while using an iud is making me paranoid!   even before i had cancer (at the ripe age of barely 32), we were done having kids, although i would be receptive to having another (i think) if it were unplanned. getting hormone-dependent cancer has taken away my choice to have more kids because i value my life and want to be alive to raise and be there for my existing kids.  sorry for the tangent.   i think you should get the abortion and let your mil deal with the fallout of her actions. both you and your husband seem to be on the same page regarding kids at this point in your lives (kids weren't supposed to be part of the equation), so act quickly before your window of opportunity closes. you don't need to explain anything to your mil; it's not her business. use the great responses that other posters have given you if you feel cornered to speak about the pregnancy (or lack thereof).  you aren't a bad person for getting an abortion. you aren't a bad person for getting an abortion while married. you are making the best decision for you and your family, whatever it may be.  hugs, and i wish you the best with your decision.
t3_2lypad-t3_2lypad-clzd2ix	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	see this: http://www.reddit.com/r/pakistan/comments/1vqjwg/challenge_rises_to_pakistans_breast_cancer_taboos/  &gt;&gt;there is no ban; people discuss breast cancer on tv and radio and call it just that, *breast* cancer.  here's a popular morning talk show as an example:  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wa12edenjoa  &gt;&gt;i have also seen pink breast cancer awareness bill boards set up during *pinktober* around islamabad as well as peshawar.  yes, with breast cancer written on them.     &gt;&gt;by the way,  suppose word "breast" had sexual connotations in pakistani lingo, has the scribe (or you, the reader) considered that the doctors could still use the urdu word for it just as effectively?   the whole premise of the story is farcical once you think about it. (urdu/punjabi psas call it "chaati ka/da ~~cancer~~sirtaan" or "pistaan ka/da sirtaan".)
t3_4a9r66-t3_4a9r66-d0ymfzp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i don't want to be debby downer or anything here, but i think the "save the ta-tas" campaigns are actually really potentially harmful. think about if your boss has to get a mastectomy, but doesn't want to because campaigns like this value a body part more than health. you better believe if i had breast cancer and it would help, i'd cut off both my ta-tas, societal expectations be damned!
t3_af5hs-t1_c0ha3uz-c0ha859	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6087	i suppose it depends on the stage the patient is at.  by the time they diagnosed my mother's (terminal) cancer, her nutrition was such a problem because of nausea that she had to spend some weeks in a hospice just getting her eating again.  had she not been a little overweight she would probably have died in those first couple of weeks, before they stabilised her.  i'm not disagreeing with you by the way - everything i have read about carbs suggests they lead to a multitude of evils and bodily imbalances, including cancer.    i think my mother's diet could have been better once she was stabilised, but to be honest when you have been given a six month death sentence, cutting out favourite foods seems particularly cruel, especially if there is really no hope (which there wasn't in her case, due to the severity and spread of the cancer, multiple secondary tumours in the liver and lymph glands, absolutely inoperable and growing rapidly).  someone who had been diagnosed more at a "fighting" stage - before you get so weak that you need blood transfusions just to be strong enough for chemo - could possibly benefit from dietary changes.  but that said i have a friend who died of breast cancer earlier this year:  after her first diagnosis she went on some strict, macrobiotic-style diet aimed at fighting cancer, but it still returned a couple of years later and spread almost instantly to every part of her body.  maybe the diet delayed that return, it's impossible to say.  in any case, by the time you are diagnosed with *serious* cancer, carcinogens aren't going to make a hell of a lot of difference.  the damage is sadly already done.  it's the rest of us - those that haven't got cancer yet - who should really be heeding the low-carb and vitamin d advice i suppose.
t3_4xzxe3-t1_d6karlx-d6kbalo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5243	my aunt had breast cancer and my nine-year-old cousin has stage four brain cancer. i understand the pain and the fear, man. my aunt is alive and well (successfully had a mastectomy) and my little cousin is a fucking warrior and is receiving chemo right now. all you can do is support your mom. i know this is terrifying for both of you, but you can find strength in each other and others that care about you both. try to keep strong, but don't be afraid to acknowledge the hardships that you and your mom are battling, and don't be afraid when you occasionally feel weak. hope it works out. i'm sure it will
t3_2pqrc2-t3_2pqrc2-cmz6dg1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6673	i was a caller at my school who asks alumni how they are, updates information, and then asks for donations. i fucking hated it.  some background, my mother had breasy cancer and my whole life we thought she would die. after tons of invasive surgery, maiming her, she has survived by the skin of her teeth. but there have been close calls, she was brought back to life twice.  i spoke with a woman who's whole family had passed or was gone,  about 50 yo, and i was the first person she had spoken with and had a real conversation with in over a month. she told me the whole story of her breast cancer, and had almost the same surgeries my mother had. at the end of the conversation,  which lasted 15 minutes, she told me it was fantastic talking to someone who cared and that she knew i was calling for money but had none to give. i didnt even ask, i told her to have a wonderful night.   the fat fucking pig supervisor comes over, and says 'what the fuck was that' in my ear. i stood up, cussed her out, throwing shit everywhere and making a scene. reported her, quit on the spot, and got a better paying job through my fraternity i had just gotten initiated in.
t3_1ol8wy-t3_1ol8wy-cctsdxs	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	right away i should mention that i have never had breast cancer.      that being said, my mom had breast cancer. three times. each time was just as bad as the last. the first two were fairly close. with on three years of one another. the last was after more than 11 years of remission.       while i was with my mom for all of it, it started when i was little. first time she was diagnosed was when i was 9. the first and second time she got to level 5 and lived both times. so being far away i cannot really relate. but i do just want to say this.      going through treatment is scary. and honestly it is reasonable for her to be scared. but treatment has come a long way sense my mom was first diagnosed 20 years ago. her doctors are going to tell her all she needs to know. and there is so much support out there in terms of groups, funding, research and people who are going through or have gone through similar things.      so really my one piece of advice for you mom is to not let this take over. her life does not need to become about the cancer. she is going to do great as long as she stays positive and healthy. yes it will get hard. yes cancer effing sucks. but she can beat this. lots of women do.      i hope this helped.
t3_49zfvb-t3_49zfvb-d0wtrkc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so, i'll start this with i'm non religious, non spiritual, anti new age medicine stuff and all that. this is truly a marvelously strange coincidence thats circumstances have yet to reoccur, and had never occurred prior. was there for it to happen.   my mother's mother had died from breast cancer 4 years prior to this event,  a few days before her own birthday.  a  few years before she died she got my mother a little ornamental heart, gold-plated looking with a gen in the center, it wasnt too heavy and was hung by one of those plastic suction cuppy thingies. it had hung on our living room entertainment since it she received it. so here we are,  on her birthday several years after she died, me, brother and my mom just casually chatting around the kitchen table. my mom brings up it was her birthday so the conversation turned to grandma and during that conversation that ornament fell. we all just kind of stared and were shocked at the timing. we uneasily chuckled it off and hung it back up. to the best of my knowledge in the years since it has yet to fall again.
t3_2uxfjo-t3_2uxfjo-cocuw67	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7594	don't lose hope and fight it. my step mother had stage 4 breast cancer almost 10 years ago; it'd spread to her lymph nodes.  a brutal knock down drag out fight with chemo and surgery, she's alive and kicking and traveling when she can. (and by that i mean when she can afford it, she's perfectly healthy today (knock on wood)).  it took a double mastectomy plus some, but she is happily retired today.  she can beat it and live to encourage others.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hg2k0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6644	my mom has had stage iv breast cancer for 18m now, and we're starting to run out of options to keep fighting it back.   it's... so fucking hard. i'm not even sure how to even begin dealing with my emotions.  lots of pts for your mother, and if you ever want to talk or just need someone to listen, i'm just a pm away. ((hugs))
t3_2k6fcn-t3_2k6fcn-cligfsf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6232	okay, citex; first things first. you gotta teach those kids that if you have spoken to the wife about something and it isn't resolved, then they do not approach her about it. if anything, they are to get out of her way and if they are scared, contact the police.   the kids have got to understand that she will hurt them, and if you can't get her to see sense then they absolutely will not be able to have any impact on her. it is not safe for them to try to make things better.   what about these legal proceedings? where are they at? can you have her removed from your home and placed in a remand centre - especially in light of her escalating behaviour?  it's also time to sit down with them and explain all the implications of your diagnosis and treatment. they have to know that you aren't going to die tomorrow and leave them at her mercy - if you haven't had them in counselling or appointments with you, it's time to start. cancer is too big of a scary beast. it is so misunderstood and the ability of current medical treatments are so effective that it's like being scared of a toothless tiger with arthritis. it isn't the death sentence it once was. (i had triple negative breast cancer at 32/33; highly aggressive, in situ at diagnosis, i was so lucky). teach them about it, knowledge is empowering.   kids are incredibly easy to reassure, but you have to trust that they will ask questions about things they are worried about. i'm not suggesting all the ins and outs, but i am saying that you have to supply age appropriate information. if it helps, talk them through your will - who they would live with, where and for how long. this information can be quite liberating for them. find some web sites that are written by health professionals and governing bodies that have information on the type you were diagnosed with. bookmark them for the kids. trust that your kids are growing stronger and more capable all the time, and that as this happens their need for your protection and support will decrease.  my kids are reassured that they will live with someone who will love them and teach them what they need to know. who that is with changes as their needs change, and as their oldest sister gets older and more mature, the potential for them living with her grows. she's nearly 21; and we have very good financial provisions for our children and each other should the worst ever happen.    you know where i am, pm whenever you need, you know i'm on reddit several times a day (unless i'm sick).
t3_2wy061-t3_2wy061-cow18gn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.505	usually i am. i have dense breast tissue that they have trouble getting clear readings on. i think i had four in one year when i went to a different place than the previous year. they said they couldn't compare the new scans to the old, so they wanted a 2nd set. then my gyno got wigged out and wanted another opinion (since i had breast cancer in the family). so i go to a specialist for a 3rd one. they say the same thing; we have nothing to compare it to, and take a 4th. i usually end up getting a mammogram and then one breast ends up with an ultra sound. i say i get the annual, "wait! we see something! nope, it's nothing. see you next year."
t3_2zue50-t1_cpnbbk7-cpnelsq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7463	this is a bit lenghthy but it's important to know the background of how the situation i was in became the perfect storm. i had been working at a college for 11 years and wanted to eventually work in the diversity &amp; equity office.  i was so excited when i got the job. the director, dee was new and had formly been employed by a very prestigious university. i didn't like her even in the interview but i don't need to like someone in order to work for them. her position was separate from human resources (which makes little sense) and she reported directly to the president.   all complaints of harassment or discrimination had to be reported directly to her, not hr. i think it's important to point out the previous director had sued the college and they had to settle.  during the entire time i worked for dee, she had only come into to work a full eight hour day once. other than this, she would come in for 2-4 hours once a week if that but would email me or call me most days.  anyway, typical episodes that would occur was her frequently yelling at me in private over the slightest thing and being extremely condescending in front of others. for example, she was responsible for putting together the affirmative action plan which she promptly gave to me and when i completed it she immediately placed it under her desk for two months. when she rediscovered it, she yelled at me for not reminding her to submit it to the president. dee would constantly contradict herself asking me to work on a particular project then screaming two weeks later that i was working on the project that she instructed me to. this was a frequent occurrence. when i pointed out or had evidence of her contradiction she would never acknowledge it or apologize for her behavior.  she would become incensed over the smallest of things or make something up to criticize. for example, at a very successful event i had coordinated she became angry over napkins placed on the end of a buffet table (placed there by caterers) that were turned diagonally.   because she was never there, i was in the position where not only did i need to fulfill my obligations but also hers. so being incredibly stupid and thinking things would eventually change i worked late each day and most weekends. i had always had a good reputation at the college and had never made any sort of complaint or difficulty working with people.   i was losing leave constantly because i would be raked over the coals when i requested leave. at that time, i had been in recovery from breast cancer for just about two years so i needed to take time off for follow/monitoring for oncology appointments every three months. of course, i took the time but there was always he'll to pay for it. toward the end of my tenure, i had to file for accommodations requesting that i be able to take leave for doctors appointments and work a 40 hour work week. once i did this, things became worse. i can talk more about this later if you choose to reply. there are just so many unbelievable things that happened.  when she decided to roll into work, she would come into the office and slam doors, yell at me from her office. keep in mind there was no one else in our office except a student assistant who worked a few hours each week.   after two weeks of beginning my job, she told me that i couldn't ask her former temp assistant (on loan from hr) prior to my arrival any questions. i ignored this because not only was it ridiculous but dee knew nothing about the office so i had to ask someone. i had been given no training. then dee would get mad if i ran into someone who greeted me with a hug or warm comment. she would say "we don't have time for this!"   one day i was visiting another one of our campuses (we have four) and a colleague said "i hear she talks to you like a dog" i was so embarrassed and that was a turning point for me. you're probably wondering why i allowed someone to treat me this was. however, how do you report someone for harassment when the person harrassing is the investigator for such complaints? the only place that i could submit a complaint was directly to the president which i did. hr was fully aware of what was going on so i was supported by numerous people.
t3_14sd9w-t1_c7g289j-c7gchem	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the pink ribbon campaign achieves things. just not the things you want it to achieve.  things it achieves:   * lining corporate pockets  * giving people the warm fuzzies  things it does not achieve:   * helping cure breast cancer
t3_220djq-t3_220djq-cgib63b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8392	phil sat in the waiting room with his daughter, holding her hand as they waited for the results.  "it'll be alright, darling.  don't worry, i hear they're making great advances in cancer detection and treatment these days."  he said, hoping to sound optimistic.    "but what if it's malignant, daddy?  i've seen the donation letters, they're getting better but it's not perfect yet...  and we just sold the mansion and everything."  he hugged her close.  "we'll make it work, don't worry.  money can be earned back."  the nurse stepped out into the waiting room.  "ms carter, the doctor is ready for you."  the young woman got up.  "come with me?"  she asked quietly.  he got up without a word and followed her into the pastel green office.  the doctor was balding older gentleman who sat behind the cherrywood desk, looking out at the pair.  "i'm afraid the test results are in.  ms carter, you have breast cancer."  his daughter buried her face into her dad as phil stared stone-faced ahead.  "of course, since we live in canada, all the treatments are covered by your taxes.  we can start treatment next week."  the doctor smiled kindly.  "don't worry, we caught it early, and thanks to recent generous donations and research, the survival rate for this is nearly 100%.  you're going to be alright."
t3_2t4mj0-t1_cnw246x-cnw2r4y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it did not end well, true (she was twenty-six when she passed), but she got about an extra year because she got diagnosed when she did, which would not have happened if she had not tried to nurse.  being as young as she was, she might have died from the disease before it got diagnosed as one rarely thinks of breast cancer in women in their twenties.
t3_257l35-t3_257l35-chfb4gl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6533	it takes a while to recover from years of celiac disease. i'm not denying it the diet can be a pain, as a kid i brought my own food to birthday parties and school events, but it was so worth how much better i felt after. if you have celiac disease and continue to eat gluten there can be serious consequences, and you were lucky to have found this out early with enough time to correct it. i have had a family member discover her celiac disease too late, developing breast cancer and dying a few years later. it's going to be hard to do it, it can also be expensive and a massive pain. but it is absolutely worth how much better you will feel, and you can only notice how terrible you felt, until you have stuck to the diet for a good long while and noticed how you just feel all together better. thinking more clearly, less tired, it's worth it.
t3_xdndh-t1_c5lg9sr-c5lq2wd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8218	when i was 9 i told my mom i thought i had breast cancer because there were these hard little nubs developing under my nipples. turns out boobs have glands and stuff in them that need to develop and aren't just huge lumps of jiggly fat.
t3_3zmr6q-t3_3zmr6q-cynn7ik	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with breast cancer 8 months ago, stage 2.  within those 8 months i've had chemotherapy, a double mastectomy, was also diagnosed with thyroid cancer, and am going back for more chemo next week.  it's terrible, especially as a younger person.  i'm 32, so not as young as your girlfriend, but it's difficult.    a few things to decide:  1. does she want to have children biologically? if so, she will need to consider freezing her eggs.  chemo can destroy your eggs and this is a vital step before beginning chemo.  insurance does not generally pay for this, but a few companies do.  some fertility clinics will offer a discount for patients with cancer.  wallgreens has a charity program that covers the cost of many of the medicines needed to do this.  it's several thousand dollars, but if this is important to her then it's worth it.  2.  3 sites worth looking at, for information ignore the rest: susan g. comen, breastcancer.org, and national institute of health.  breastcancer.org has message boards that are incredibly helpful with specifics (such as her particular chemo regimen) and day to day needs.   3. there is a lot of waiting, even from diagnosis to treatment beginning.  i was diagnosed may 12th and didn't begin chemo until july 27th.  don't be surprised if it feels like it's taking forever.  4. she may not know how she feels, it's a lot to take in, especially at such a young age.  the best thing you can do is ask her what she wants.  the best thing my husband has done for me is assure me every day that i am beautiful and he is here for me, no matter what.  this fucking disease and treatment completely changes you mentally and physically and it can be horrible to look in the mirror and not even recognize yourself.  every time i cry, he is there for me, assuring me we are a team.  it means more than i can express to have his support.    5. finally, i receive counseling services from cancercare.org.  it's free and they are wonderful.  if she wants someone to talk to, sometimes it's nice to talk with someone who isn't deeply involved in your care.  best of luck to you both.
t3_whx12-t3_whx12-c5dnwcx	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	just wanted to be another voice to add support.  i found my lump last december...have had a lumpectomy, chemo, and will finish my last radiation treatment on monday.  the treatments for breast cancer patients has come so far, i have no fear that in the end you will be fine.  the scariest part of it all is the stage you're in right now--finding it, getting tested, getting the tests back.  once you have all the info, you and your doctors will make a plan and you will feel better.  you're smart not to be looking things up online...if it is cancer, you'll do better not to compare it or your treatment to anyone else's--everyone is different.  i will also mirror comments from the other girls and say that going through this will change you for the better--and perhaps have an even greater effect on your life since you're so young.  i'm in better physical shape now than when i was diagnosed, and appreciate my life more.  feel free to pm for a vent or with questions any time.
t3_2id1ag-t1_cl11jmy-cl19t9z	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6727	a good friend of mine had to have a mastectomy and now has fake breasts.  we worry about fat shaming and skinny shaming, but it never seems to occur to anyone that someone might have had plastic surgery for a *reason* and your comments can hurt.
t3_4wk59j-t3_4wk59j-d67u7gr	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iii breast cancer about 2 years ago. a few weeks after my diagnosis, i had an appointment with my oncologist to discuss treatments. since i was considered a young patient when i was diagnosed, my parents where accompanying me. during the appointment, he announced that i would be starting chemotherapy in 3 days. he then asked my parents what was their biggest worries about me starting chemo. my father replied : "finding a parking spot when we attend her treatment sessions". there was an awkward silence and i started crying. to this day, my dad hasn't apologize.
t3_14ocvw-t3_14ocvw-c7fdzf9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5044	i want to add an angle i haven't seen in the comments so far. i'm 27 and dating, so pretty close to your key demo, and i've already had my fair share of losses to cancer. the worst being my mother to breast cancer when i was 18.  if you were to tell me you were a survivor, i'd be reliving going with mom to chemo, or other moments i try not to revisit. my point being, if we are in various stages of undress, this is not the ideal time to wax emotional about the pain of cancer --and i probably couldn't help myself.  all i'm saying is it might be good to broach that topic before you get into a place where it might be more... let's call it out of place.  having said that, i can also say i know it takes a strong person to be a survivor, and an even stronger one to have the self-confidence and poise you clearly have. in short, i think any guy would be lucky to find out you have no nipples.
t3_1qqedy-t3_1qqedy-cdfkc9e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6764	i totally see your point, but let me give you the counter arguement. my wife had breast cancer several years ago (all clear now) and she was treated by the willow foundation. similar idea to make a wish, but smaller scale - we got dinner and a show. it made a massive difference to her. chemo doesn't just make you ill, it destroys you mentally. you feel you have nothing to look forward to, and staying strong gets harder every day. that one day out gave her something, and she held on to it for months. it git her through the mental torture. now while that money could have gone to cancer research, it wouldn't have helped anyone currently suffering at all. maybe it would help find a cure 20 years from now, but there are millions suffering right now. the willow foundation and make a wish help those people. cancer research doesn't. both are needed.
t3_fbycm-t3_fbycm-c1et5g8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry for your loss. i have a friend who's been battling breast cancer for 4 years now. thanks for posting this and reminding me of how important it is to tell the people you love how much they mean to you everyday.
t3_2i88ec-t3_2i88ec-cl4narn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.757	i have a funny anecdote. my aunt had breast cancer in 2007, and they placed a port. after the surgery, she made us take her to chili's, where she ate nachos and a burger plus some cheesecake. the surgery made her hungry. i wish i had half the ability to recover from surgery that quick!
t3_444ffy-t1_czo2cgt-czofyf0	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a double mastectomy last year also. they usually remove the nipples too, but they do have nipple-sparing options. unfortunately the nipples don't always survive those procedures, so you may end up losing them anyhow.
t3_1tvq04-t3_1tvq04-cec0byf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i didn't have breast cancer, but i had five other types of cancer and two major surgeries.  (i know, i am not the survivor you are looking for, but many things are the same.)  ask if you can go with her to the doctor to ask about medication and after care. do not skip the pain meds. pain will cause people to tense up and it pulls slightly on the surgery site and will prolong healing.   after the surgeries, try and help her turn or get comfortable in bed. it is really hard to turn yourself over or even adjust yourself. it is going to be really painful, and sometimes impossible, for her to wiggle about. one wrinkle in the sheet can start driving you nuts.  make up some small meals for the family, and freeze them. this is good for anyone expecting a baby, but for someone who can barely lift their arms, this is a really big deal. food is necessary for healing and regaining your independence is hard.   she is going to have good days and bad days.  if she starts getting really upset on bad days, try and reassure her that this day will pass. it will be a bitch, but it will pass. allow her to have her own feelings and don't try and own them.   my mom got me fancy pajamas and an ex gave me stuffed animal. when i would get sad, i would be comforted by their love.   let her be tired. cancer is exhausting and the treatments are even worse. i wanted to be around people, so i spent a lot of time on the couch. some folks want to sleep in their bed.   clean the house. seriously, this is so helpful. it is so much easier to get well when the environment is pleasant.   juice and water are her friends. keep them at the ready.   errands! take care of all the running around so that she can concentrate on healing.   i liked going to parks and being around animals. i couldn't handle staying long, but it was nice to get out for a bit.  caring for the toddler and the baby are wonderful things to do and probably the most help. she knows she can trust you with her family. keeping them going is the most heroic thing you can do.
t3_1ybx3w-t1_cfj6omk-cfj8hrg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there aren't any studies that will provide statistics on exactly how much soy is contributing to breast cancer, but it will definitely help fuel breast cancer because estrogen is what fuels breast cancer.  anything that has estrogen mimickers like plastics and pesticides will also help fuel breast cancer.  the only stats that i have is that breast cancer incidence [rates are going up](http://www.cancer.org/acs/groups/content/@epidemiologysurveilance/documents/document/acspc-030975.pdf) and so is [consumption of soy.](http://ec.europa.eu/agriculture/markets-and-prices/market-briefs/pdf/01/consumption_en.pdf)
t3_44w1wn-t1_czti5u7-cztiks6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; if charities let people choose where their money was going, they'd only be able to get the flashy stuff done.  that sounds difficult to support. there are many general purpose charities for needy people. but yes, people want to donate to the things they feel important. there's nothing wrong with with donating specifically to breast cancer research and not having any of that money go to toilet paper.  &gt;the us does need a military  probably so. but does it need the military we have, the involvement it has, and the funding it has that we are powerless to stop?  &gt;what you can do is do your best to influence the yearly budget. go against military spending. tell your congressman/woman  why should i have to spend my time getting the government not to take money from me under the threat of imprisonment and then use it in a way i don't approve of? what kind of insanity is that? the default position should be people voluntarily donate their money to the places they want it to go and the causes and programs they want to occur and use.  &gt; at the end of the day, you have to pay into things you don't agree with. that's how taxes work. if it didn't, nothing would be funded properly.  again, that is insanity. just because it's the norm, doesn't mean it's sane, or ethical. you say if they didn't work, nothing would be funded properly. what is "properly?" are you suggesting that many programs would cease to exist because not enough people would support them? if so, i whole-heartedly agree. if you believe in consent of the governed and will of the majority, then the government spending money on things people don't want represents a violation of their right to govern.
t3_wyjrm-t3_wyjrm-c5hkv6m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	out back takeing a few shots my gf decided to try out her hi-frame video, it is a xdm 40, 4.5 barrel, i was shooting tulammo, the grip i was adjusting for better pick of the weapon, and yes i have breast cancer bracelets, they were my moms and she gave them to me before she passed three monthes ago, i dont remove them.
t3_30m28h-t3_30m28h-cptoryh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have four: a breast cancer ribbon on my ankle, a bumble bee on my shoulder, an anchor on my wrist, and my personal favorite, the state of california as a beer mug on my hip.
t3_423aoh-t3_423aoh-cz8m3n8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7857	sorry. i'm pissed too. i have stage 3 breast cancer at 34. when i was diagnosed i was the perfect weight, ran every day, lifted weights three times a week and ate ridiculously healthy. i had breastfed each of my kids for a year, which is supposed to protect against breast cancer. i didn't drink heavily or smoke or what have you. i have no relatives who got breast cancer so young.  i was diagnosed two days after my eldest daughter's 5th birthday. no advice for navigating uncertainty. just know that we're right here with ya'.
t3_3dfiwk-t3_3dfiwk-ct4pyuo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6637	so, okay.  i'm angry to read this, because i really slowly lost my grandfather to cancer, watched my grandmother just *sneak* by barely surviving breast cancer, and my wife had some rare type of cancer at 14.  my mom was diagnosed with melanoma and operated on last month (she's more than fine).  holy shit that's a lot of cancer i just realized.  life can be gone at any moment.  for some people that's a freeing thing, for others it's a nightmare.  it looks like your girlfriend doesn't have the same reality that you do when it comes to death.  ***  this wasn't okay, but *man,* you need to take a deep breath.  you are describing rage, and no matter how right you are rage isn't going to help you in any way.  don't scream.  don't call her names.  don't throw things.  don't storm off.  talk and listen.  no, this isn't okay, but man, you are describing yourself in a *very* volatile state right now and i worry about what you're going to do in the heat of the moment.  i don't think anything can be resolved when you're that angry.  what she did was wrong, but how you respond will always be *your* responsibility.
t3_wxfty-t1_c5hctwc-c5hdz8h	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	the "nice" thing about triple-negative breast cancer is that it does respond well to chemo (fiancée just went through stage iia treatment). when they did the surgery, they couldn't find the original tumor and there were no signs in the lymph nodes. she's brca-1, so she also had the bilateral mastectomy. we have often referred to them as having been fired for trying to kill her. will have to look for your t-shirt.  also: fuck cancer.  edit: she went with the chemo first, which is why the surgery found no evidence. the docs say the survival rates are the same whichever you do first, though.
t3_14drub-t1_c7cbqzy-c7ddd0t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandma who i have been with my whole life won't make it to christmas. she was diagnosed with 3 cancers; breast cancer, which is gone now, liver cancer, which is also gone now, but now she has stomach cancer which will kill her 80 year old body within a week or so.
t3_2qqi8q-t3_2qqi8q-cn8je6k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;overhaul of the monthly event model. the network will run 4 yearly events (royal rumble, wrestlemania, summerslam, &amp; king of the ring). twice a year, there will be specials on nbc: night of champions &amp; money in the bank. not only will this bring balance to the year, but it will make the events much more meaningful. the events on nbc will be major productions designed to bring in more viewers.  and how do you justify the financial losses to the board and the stockholders?  ---  i will now provide my perspective changes for the wwe.  1. an experienced and successful acting coach(s) will be available to all the superstars and will be paid for by the company.  2. take away the gimmick theme ppv events and using the stories to provide reason for having an elimination chamber/tlc match/fatal 4 way match etc.  3. this is a general idea to divvy up the writers into defined teams that work within a certain set parameters for the card such as an upper card team, mid, lower. then to set into motion a long term idea of writing take the month of december off and allow the writers to write long term during that month. december will also have the tribute to the troops but it will be treated as a filmed house show and the faces will go over for television but have no impact on upcoming storylines.  4. performers should be welcome to talk with the writers and discuss promos and things to say and while they should have bullet points to hit in promos, a good majority should still be scripted. this is a television show after all.  5. work toward having more culturally related tie ins and guests on the programming, including discussing breast cancer affecting men, pancreatic cancer affecting men. actively looking for television and film personas who are fans to participate in live events, network shows etc. start to create more podcasts that can be hosted both on itunes and the wwe network and more content directly related to wrestling and its characters.
t3_2i4cue-t3_2i4cue-ckza393	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6263	i was diagnosed with breast cancer last year and had a double mastectomy. holding my girls now and again is something i really miss. my new fake boobery is cold and firm. not the same. enjoy yours!
t3_1dz70o-t3_1dz70o-c9vcfht	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey man,  i am sorry to hear about your dad, i lost my mom to breast cancer when i was just 12, and i know every person is different and though i may not know exactly how you feel, i have been there, and it is rough. i just turned 24 last month and finally decided that it was time to go to a therapist and honestly it was one of the best things i have ever done for myself. it was very helpful to just find a neutral third party that didn't know or judge me so i could just bitch about anything that was bugging me. it may sound stupid and i know therapy has a stigma attached to it which kept me away so long and i wish every day that the stigma would go away so people don't feel judged for going.  i may not be a therapist but i do know venting about things can make you feel better so if you ever need to just bitch about anything please feel free to pm me...i may not have good advice for anything but hey if it helps, to me it is worth it!  i would also say maybe talk to a teacher at your school or if you have a job talk to your boss to see if they have any off campus connections to a free or low cost therapist or an employee assistance program, it never hurts to ask.  keep your chin up man and as i said before, pm me if you need to just vent about anything!
t3_3a1twt-t1_cs8mv0b-cs8n4hk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8041	i'm going to -- there a genetic test my mom can do for the brca gene. if she has it then i might have it, and have to be tested myself. if she doesn't have it then i can't have it, which reduces my chances of getting it significantly.  only thing is we have to wait until we can do it through an independent lab. if we do it through our insurance and my mom has it...it'll hit my medical records and will significantly increase the future cost of all life insurance plans, etc.  so i'll be waiting to see about that.  another variable working against me is that i have breast implants. my mom does as well which is how her cancer got missed (she had a mammogram just a month before her diagnosis and they didn't find anything -- she later found the lump herself). it doesn't necessarily increase my odds of contraction, but it does mean i have to be significantly more vigilant with self-exams because it will be harder to find due to the obstruction.  it is what it is. i'm not particularly attached (no pun intended...) to my breasts anyway because well, they're plastic. they'll need to be replaced eventually and i will likely look into the preemptive double mastectomy (like angelina jolie did) at that time. such a small percentage of my breasts is actual tissue, i can't say i have an issue with just getting it the fuck out if it'll decrease my odds of contraction as much as it will.
t3_90eoa-t3_90eoa-c0b0muf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6665	whatever happens to me i know that it won't cost me a penny(besides taxes) no matter how many operations i have to go through.waiting times may be long in some cases, but the doctor knows how bad your condition is, and people in worse shape get first priority. there are the stories about people waiting hours in the waiting room but that is because it's minor things and because some people go to the doctor everytime their kid feels a little sick, but if you are really sick, die tomorrow sick, you will be sure to get your threatment today. when my mom had cancer she had to wait because the doctors didn't see it as that big of a threat at the moment, 1 months i think, but my grandmom got threatment the day after because they saw her cancer as a immediate threat to her.   my mom had breast cancer and she got a letter some days ago that she is going to have a boob job, she talked with her doctor and asked if he could give her new breast, but she will first get them in 2010 because there are people dying that need more attention.  lesser sick people have to make room for more sick people.  and that's fair.  i would not trade my universal healtcare for anything and any politician saying we need privat healtcare commits political suicide.  when i lived in the us there was some stupid decease my doctor back here hadn't given me a shot for because the decease have not been seen for 20 years and there were no medication left for it. but then i came to the states and people started bitching and sending me letters that i needed to go get this shot, they made it sound like my life was in danger and i had no choice so i went, got a vaccination for a decease that doesn't exist and then i had to send papers to my insurance company, but they couldn't pay it all (why the fuck do i even pay them then if they don't pay the hospital) so for 5 minuts at a doctor and a shot for a decease that don't exist, costed me 400dollars i think it was.  this also keepspeople from seeing the doctor, if you are sick and know it won't cost you anything you go see him everytime something feels wrong, in the us many people can't afford to go see the doctor when they are really sick.   it saddens me that everytime you try to talk healthcare with a american they always throw the same public healthcare is bad aguments that all are myths, it's sad that the insurance companies have been so successful in brainwashing people to see it this way.
t3_4sohd3-t1_d5aw4nx-d5ayvnx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	1: a combination of things.. we had the whole pink think going, and a relative of one of the guys on our team actually got breast cancer, and he suggested the idea of connecting our pink theme to breast cancer research. then it was a matter of finding an organization that wanted to work with us, and it all grew from there!  2: it was always going to be released (it just took forever to finish it, so we were joking internally about how it would never be finished), michael was just trolling on that live stream, but people "read" so much into it, it was hilarious  3: no, we have several lighter, poppier tracks in the works! but also heavy ones..  thank you! &lt;3
t3_43jrq0-t3_43jrq0-cziwyfq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok - true story.  we had this guy at work who kept doing that to all the females.  all of us.  it was creepy and annoying.  our boss had a old pa - let's call her joan.  anyway, we would all stand with our arms tightly crossed every time we had to speak to him and mumble later.  well, old joan had quietly had breast cancer - and as such, she'd had a double mastectomy.  then she had falsies or 'chicken fillets' as she used to call them.  one day, creepy tit stare man was asking her something and, we just heard, two 'slap sounds' and ..."there you go.  you cannot stop looking at them, so, have a proper look, ya creepy....dirty....git."  she had taken out her two 'breasts' and slapped them on the desk in front of him.  needless to say, us girls were all exchanging wide eyed stares and  hysterically snorting in the bathroom.  i'd like to say, he didn't do it again.   but he did.  another lady complained to the boss for fear it would lose us clients...but, he thought it was me that had said it.  one lunch hour, there were just the two of us and he locked the (never before) door to our shared office and ...confronted it.  it was...really scary.   i wasn't touched but i was freaked the hell out.  the boss came back and started to rant a bit...he made the mistake of 'ranting' at me - and i fucking blew up. he went extremely quiet.  apologized.  and the creepy git was never seen again.  nasty experience.  shout loudest is my advice
t3_476naf-t1_d0aoftz-d0bboai	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	you are allowed to feel any feeling that you feel. nobody gets to dictate that stuff. that being said, i would like to tell you about my mother, who is the most bad ass woman on the planet. she had breast cancer when i was 4 months old, at the age of 34. she had a double mastectomy, and the chemo made her go through menopause early (about 3 years later). she decided to not get breast reconstruction. she wears prosthetic boob inserts in a bra, and gets to take them off at the end of the day (i'm a bit jelouse of this, because my boobs are stupid big). she is every bit as feminin as she ever was, and even stronger than she was when she still had her own breasts, and functional plumbing. you're body is going to be different, but you're youness isn't going to change. nothing can make you less than you are. one of my favorite quotes by cs lewis is "you don't have a soul. you *are* a soul. you have a body."  i wish you all the best as you recover from this hard time in your life. i hope you have an amazing support system in the people around you that you see every day. and never forget that you have at least one online friend who is rooting for you every second of every day.
t3_1yurh8-t1_cfo28fz-cfo3pln	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8049	thank you for the reply.    i love how you described how it feels, i can  almost imagine that.  i suspect that it feels much more comfortable to you than any kind of older and less forgiving prosthetics (sp) might have done.  i learned about silicon's temperature properties from my grandmother who had a mastectomy - she elected not to have surgery, but to have a silicon "false boob" to put in her bra so that she didn't look "wonky".  she explained to me that the silicon never got hot and sticky, like plastics might, but it was only cold to her skin when she first put it close to her, but within moments it felt like there was nothing there.  i.e. the same temperature as herself.  in the photo, it really looks like the foot is part of your body.  it amazes me that you can slip it on and off!  so, do you only wear it when you are out and about, and having to wear shoes?  or is it more comfortable to be wearing it whenever you are awake, but you slip it off at night?  sorry, i am asking too many questions again, but i really am fascinated.
t3_46cwcw-t1_d058n82-d05bv6p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8016	i learned that first hand on a recent trip to a legal state :) i have bone cancer (actually it's breast cancer, but it is in my bones), fibromyalgia, and other joint pain. a friend gave me a back massage with cbd-infused coconut oil, and it was great.
t3_2ojaoo-t3_2ojaoo-cmno00d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i hope it will get easier. you'll probably go through the stages of grief; i did when i found out i had breast cancer. what helped me was to shift to fight mode. ok i have cancer, what's next? i wanted to protect my future.   as far as why now, maybe you're meant to do good things like educate young women about uterine cancer. i don't know. that's what i have done with my diagnosis.   if you are a patient at a cancer center, they have psychologists on staff as well as other resources to help you.   you might want to get tested for the brca mutation.
t3_1jq3w7-t3_1jq3w7-cbhbnsj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm starting to deal with my whole gender identity thing, but i also worry about all those things...   about the mastectomy though; why would no breasts make you not pass either way? girls without a bust always seem to pass fine in my experience. also, starting from the feminine side, androgyny and wearing boys clothing and stuff is pretty widely accepted, most people don't think twice about it anymore (presumably because male = defualt and so obviously everyone wants to be a dude sooooo bad)  anywho, good luck with everything. genders are social constructs that need to be completely disrupted anyways, so good luck fighting the system, comrade :d
t3_3iqzwp-t1_cujk7ju-cujl47o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.758	thank you. i had a novel written, but i don't want to bore you.. but still a bit long, novelish. sorry.  i'm doing "good". it's my mom, so its hard.   she originally was given at most 3 months. it was all down her spine and for the efforts of the doctors they couldn't find "the source", as in, she most likely had that rare 1 in a million cancer that just goes to the bones. they checked everywhere. nothing but a benign in the breast and an over large pituitary gland.  i left my job and essentially my entire life and moved home to help her, even though i was her least favourite and she was never shy in telling me so. but it was the right thing to do (her "favourite" never showed once, the other had a fun habit of bringing himself and his kids when they were sick to see her, putting her in the hospital multiple times, twice she had to be revived.)  she was very stubborn and lasted 5.5 years. it was like a cycle. when on treatment, she only spoke "gibberish". when "healed" she would be walking and running around like nothing was wrong (she would, however thank me for being the only person to actually understand her needs and what she was saying when medicated and talking gibberish.) she gained easily 100 pounds, despite her refusing to eating anything other than homo milk, yogurt and crackers. her thick hair went to her waist and wasn't going anywhere (she kept it in a bun.)   our last conversation was the first time since i was 11 that she told me that she loved me. and i said it back and we hugged it out before the medics took her. i wasn't looking for that, but, damn, it was amazing and gave me closure. enough closure that i was able to be strong for her husband and other family members to get them through the hard parts.   my mom mentioned a few times when i was younger that when people are dying, they can hold out for a bit in certain situations. she died the day after my birthday and i like to believe she held out for me. yeah, i'm crying right now.   anyway, who knows. your friend, if she isn't asking for money, maybe it was a misdiagnosis. maybe she is in remission. maybe she is a liar that likes to lie for attention, or maybe to get out of a bad relationship.. just in case it is legitimate, i wouldn't say anymore. my mom fucking hated talking about her cancer. if she is a liar, you have nothing to win by calling her out.
t3_4z2cts-t1_d6shi1f-d6ss80h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[general election polls don't matter during the primary -- bernie hasn't been attacked by the republicans yet](http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/politics/2016/04/polls_say_bernie_is_more_electable_than_hillary_don_t_believe_them.html)  &gt;it’s true that sanders does better than clinton in hypothetical matchups against the republicans.... but that’s not because sanders is the stronger nominee. **it’s because republicans haven’t yet trashed him the way they’ve trashed clinton**. once they do, his advantage over her would disappear.  &gt;the problem with current polls that test sanders against trump or cruz is that they don’t capture the effects of the fall campaign. as harry enten points out in fivethirtyeight, **early general-election polls in previous cycles were predictively worthless**. early in the 2000 election, for instance, george w. bush led al gore by 12 percentage points. “bush, then the texas governor, burst onto the national scene with relatively little negative media scrutiny,” enten observes. between december 1999 and november 2000, as the scrutiny intensified, bush’s net favorability fell 27 percentage points. he ended up losing the popular vote.  &gt;......thanks to a voter who recorded the call and passed it to abc news, you can listen to the whole spiel. first the caller asks the voter which candidate he’s planning to support. then she reads talking points from each candidate and asks the question again. then she tries out some pro-clinton and anti-sanders messages. “next, you’re going to hear some statements that someone could make about bernie sanders,” she says. “after each one, please tell me how much it concerns you.” one statement is: “bernie sanders is making big campaign promises that will cost up to $20 trillion. the new york times said his plans are not realistic. other independent experts said his plans are unworkable and dead on arrival in congress.” another statement is: “bernie sanders’ plan is to replace obamacare and put all americans into a whole new health care system. his plan would force 70 percent of americans to pay more for health care through higher taxes. sanders himself said he will raise taxes.”  &gt;that’s what a general-election campaign against sanders would look like—except it would be much, much worse. **republicans would rip sanders as a big-spending, big-taxing socialist. they have plenty of ammo. they could quote the 2015 letter in which sanders urged president obama to “raise revenue” through “executive action.” they could dig up quotes from decades ago, in which sanders called himself “clearly anti-capitalistic,”** complained that u.s. interventions in latin america “have been for the benefit of large corporations,” and praised communist countries as culturally superior. “contrast what the young people in china and cuba are doing for themselves and for their country as compared to the young people in america,” sanders argued in 1976.  &gt;republicans could hammer the back-seat foreign policy sanders conducted as a mayor in vermont: **going to cuba to seek a meeting with fidel castro, visiting lenin’s tomb in the soviet union, and traveling to nicaragua, where he met with sandinista leader daniel ortega and praised the country’s cultural minister as a “hippie” whose government was “teaching poetry not only to peasants and to workers but in the military.”** they could go after sanders’ countercultural mockery of “respectful clerks, technicians and soldiers.” they could rehash his attacks on compulsory schooling, dairy laws, and fluoridation, or his freudian analysis of napalm use in vietnam, or **his advocacy of public toddler nudity and genital touching as cures for porn, or the sexual quackery through which he attributed breast cancer and cervical cancer to orgasm deficiency and capitalist conformity.**  &gt;**basically, if you were designing the perfect target for republicans—a candidate who proudly links socialist economics to hippie culture, libertinism, left-wing foreign policy, new-age nonsense, and contempt for bourgeois values—you’d create bernie sanders.** clinton could have attacked these weaknesses in the primary—her supporters had an opposition research file on sanders’ “associations with communism”—but she didn’t. in a general election, republicans wouldn’t hesitate.
t3_4zsuux-t3_4zsuux-d6z48pi	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother passed away of breast cancer 6 months ago, and she took her final breath in my arms as i gently repeated to her over and over that she won't be forgotten, that she did a good job and all her kids will be okay, and that it was okay to let go. not necessarily creepy, but it will haunt me for the rest of days. anyone who's witnessed end stage cancer will understand.  i'd do it all over again though - i wouldn't let anyone die alone given the chance, no matter what the cost to me.
t3_30ppj2-t3_30ppj2-cpv3gxm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6138	15 years of marriage.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer last week.  all i could think of is getting to my husband, because no matter what, when he holds me, i know it's going to be ok.   i had surgery friday, looking forward to the future, because if we face this together, we're going to be just fine.
t3_1dhc4f-t1_c9qohr4-c9qq9ep	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;i don't see what the problem is here - are you upset that people donate to cancer research? upset that this particular type of cancer doesn't affect you and so doesn't deserve money? upset that it's easily marketable? what? it's cancer research - i'm having serious trouble figuring out why you'd vilify that. do other cancer types require money too? of course! are you under the impression that women somehow only get breast cancer and would have no interest in stopping other kinds of cancer? that feminists want to minimize the public's awareness of lymphoma or lung cancer?  &lt;deep sigh and facepalm&gt;  calm down, captain conspiracy. for starters, i have nothing against money being raised for breast cancer. i have big ol' floppy mantits too, so i have just as much of a reason to be concerned. my point is that komen is lying to keep the money flowing. there was once a time when breast cancer genuinely did need greater awareness. that time passed twenty years ago. everyone is aware of it now. yet breast cancer charities are still using the same tactics to draw in funds. and if this didn't mean that deadlier cancers were getting less funding because they're overlooked, and if komen actually gave more than 13% to saving lives, i would merely write it off as capitalism-as-usual.  &gt;because they are. women are predominately raped by men - are you contesting that?  emphatically yes! that's what this entire thread is about! that neither gender is the predominant aggressor in sex crimes or domestic violence, and so it's clearly an injustice for the vast bulk of funding, resources and public sympathy to go to only one gender. feminists may not be the cause of this, but they sure as hell aren't going broke off it.  &gt;is your issue that you don't see the same kinds of psas regarding male rapes? if so, how is that the result of feminism or even these psas?  maybe because they are typically put out by organizations that have 'women' right in the title?  &gt;caring about the plight of people who have been affected by sexual violence isn't a zero-sum game, it's not like women are stealing all the sympathy  yes they are.  &gt;our culture (western culture in general, really) has, since long before feminism, considered men to be too strong and emotionless to warrant sympathy.  and feminism from its beginnings has gone along with that because playing up women's oppression gained them political power.  &gt;feminism is actively fighting that cultural stereotype of men!  since when?  &gt;this assumes that the emotional dissonance is good for women and that they make money off negative cultural temperament of issues relating to men.  that sounds just about right. but change 'women' to 'feminist organizations'.  &gt;cultural awareness of women's issues isn't causing cultural depreciation of male issues.  it does if 'raising awareness' means presenting an inaccurate version of reality. for example, the duluth model of domestic violence, which is completely backwards, and relying on it has led police departments to automatically arrest men in most dv cases, even if they were the ones who called for help.  &gt;think about the big picture here for a minute. lets say you're right, that it's all about the money - and that money goes to curing breast cancer and eliminating male on female rape - now what? what is the loss here? do you wish to argue that we should defund breast cancer research and stop trying to prevent sexual violence against women because, as a man, it has no direct discernible benefit to you?  no. what i want is for feminism's version of reality to not be the only one heard. i want cancer research funds to correspond to how deadly and how common each cancer is. i want the real, factually-accurate statistics on rape and domestic violence to be the basis of rape and domestic violence laws. because if you are basing your laws on an inaccurate version of reality, you are not going to be as effective as you can be in preventing crimes. i am glad to see that sex crimes have been on the decrease for decades now, but i'm certain they'd decline further if we prioritized facts over ideology.  &gt;i'm clearly not understanding the problem - i see social benefit as a rising-tides-lifts-all-boats situation.  is that belief backed up by facts though? i'll grant you the breast cancer thing; that was only ever meant as an allegory anyway. but considering the reports i've heard that prison rape is an unchecked epidemic with 90% male victims (and many of the perpetrators are guards), that 80% of men who report domestic violence end up getting arrested due to cultural prejudice, that there are virtually no shelter services available to men, that men are far less likely to report being the victim of sexual violence... whose boat is rising!? if feminism is supposed to take care of these issues, why aren't they doing it?
t3_lrf7a-t1_c2v0hpm-c39855l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you are interested in knowing more, you should do some research on nf kappa b and turmeric.  i now make it a point to include 1/2 tsp of turmeric in my diet every day. i'm quoting from a book anti-cancer by dr.david servan-schreiber:  1. indians consume on average 1.5 grams to 2 grams a day of turmeric... perhaps, then, it is not surprising that indians have one eighth as many lung cnacers as westerner of the same age, one ninth as many colon cancers, one fifth as many breast cancers, and one tenth as many kidney cancers. this is true despite indians' exposure to numerous carcinogens in their environment, often on a worse scale than in the west.  2. turmeric magnificently illustrates the benefit of the great culinary traditions, in comparison to the consumption of isolated substances. when researchers in taiwan tried treating cancerous tumors with turmeric delivered in caposules, theu discovered that it was very poorly absorbed by the digestive system. in fact, when it is not mixed with pepper - as it always has been in curry - tumermeric does not pass the intestinal barrier.   3. according to the aggarwal team in houston, turmeric's extraordinary effect seems to be due in large part to its capacity to interfere directly with the black knight of cancer, nf-kappa b, which protects cancer cells against the body's defence mechanism.
t3_30noh2-t3_30noh2-cpu3qql	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6824	so. i had breast cancer in my early 30's and beat it, but the odds of having my particular "brand" of breast cancer are really small. like less than one percent. there's nothing i can do to lower the odds of it coming back, either. not taking a pill of tamoxifen for five years, not having a prophylactic mastectomy and/or an oophorectomy, nothing.   so i got that going for me, which is completely shitty.  however, if breast cancer doesn't come back to bite me, my mother has the beetus and it's bad. she's 17 years older than i and walking with the help of braces ('cause she's been falling a lot thanks to the deadened nerves in her feet) and a cane. not to mention that *her* mom (my grandma) died from gangrene which was a complication of *her* diabetes.   so breast cancer to win, diabetes to place. shall we go for the trifecta? i smoked for a total of 8 years until a month ago. i'm in my 40's. lung cancer to show. the odds of dying in my sleep as an old lady (who can still walk around, breathe without oxygen and has most of her marbles) are virtually nil.
t3_4xwlo3-t1_d6j7rx7-d6j8nak	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was in the same boat.  i did not want people feeling sorry for me.  i had a few friends who had breast cancer in their family.  i told them from the start and they were an invaluable resource and support.    outside that, i kept it pretty close in the beginning.  i told my boss and a few co-workers who i could trust.  it helps just talking to someone.
t3_437qej-t3_437qej-czgjuwh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have heard that breast cancer doesn't hurt so that's why it can go unnoticed sometimes. the lumps could be cysts, many women have them and they only sometimes need to ve removed surgically. i also have pain in my left breast! it has been going on for about a week or 2 now and it specifically hits in the nipple area. it's a sharp pain and then dulls for a sec then nothing. this has been on and off for a couple of weeks now. i have no clue what it could be expect that maybe i am sleeping on my arm weird and it is making my left side all effed up. where are you located? maybe we can help you get set up witj an affordable doctor. have you signed up for obama care? i have it now and i pay basically nothing every month and i have kaiser. you do have options if you're in the us.
t3_97x8i-t3_97x8i-c0bqteb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5016	great. this story couldn't have come at a better time.  let me share my story to all the people who think pitbulls are the greatest things since sliced bread.  i used to not have too many problems with pitbulls. i knew they were mean dogs, but they definitely hadn't done anything bad to me or anyone that i knew, so i had no reason to hate them as a breed.  my sister adopted a dog which is a chihuahua / dachshund mix. it was rescued from the humane society where it had been attacked by a pitbull and was in stitches from head to toe. that was 3 years ago.   4 days ago, my mother was watching over my sister's dog and decided to take it on a walk in our neighborhood. she was walking (on the sidewalk) past a house with my sister's dog's leash in one hand and hot chocolate in another. as they approached this particular house, the neighbor started yelling to to have my mom "pick up your dog! pick up your dog!". my mom quickly realized what was happening and before she knew it, a pitbull was clenched onto my mom's arm tighter than a duck's ass. the lab was definitely going for my sister's dog, but in the process was shredding up my mother's arm. this pitbull did make contact with my sister's dog while at the same time making contact with my mother's stomach (in one bite). suffice to say she went to the er.  my mom also recently just finished her reconstructive breast surgery from breast cancer a couple years ago. during operation, the doctor removed her lymph nodes. my mom is susceptible to lympodema because of this. the very next day (monday), her arm was infected.  let's just say i cannot respect those dogs anymore. they are nothing more than a territorial piece of shit breed. whoever wants to disagree with me will make me laugh. the dog that attacked her was 8 years old and had no history of previous attacks. bullshit if the "owners" are the ones who should only be held responsible. i don't buy that for a second. both parties are to blame. more so the dog, since it is in their nature to be violent.
t3_decc0-t1_c0zlndd-c0zm1rp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.749	when i felt a lump right under my nipple and saw it was pointed awkward i for worried as hell thinking i have breast cancer or something. would have saved me some worries a year back. luckily it seems to have subsided to practically nothing and i didn't even bother revisiting my doctor to get it rechecked.
t3_34d63g-t3_34d63g-cquml89	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this story reminds me of a coworker. she's an older woman, twice now survived breast cancer. her threshold for bullshit is low. we work at a grocery store with a gas kiosk in the parking lot, she works in the kiosk a fair bit.  in the kiosk, we're all alone out there, there's no manager to turn to and you have to be fairly thick-skinned to work out there because customers know you're alone out there and they will sometimes try to bully you into letting do whatever the fuck they want. like pumping while the engine is on, or smoking. now, i know that the chances of an actual ignition is low, but them's the rules and we get into some shit if we let these things slide.  anyway, j, my coworker, she's running the kiosk, and this spanish man tries to throw away a freshly killed and plucked chicken from his car. *why* this man apparently killed a chicken in his vehicle away from where he's undoubtedly going to cook it, is beyond us all to this day. j is cleaning the pumps as she sees the man walk to one of the trash cans and pull up the lid.  j: sir, what are you doing with that?  man: ....throwing away this chicken.  j: oh, no, no, no. look, ain't nobody wants to lift that trash bag out later tonight and find chicken blood leaking from it. and it will smell. no one wants to deal with that either.  man: but i *must* throw this away!  j: no, what you *must* do is take that chicken to the dumpster behind the store or take it wherever it is you're going. it's not going in that trash can.  the man grew frustrated and then drove off with the dead, gross chicken to parts unknown after that.  then there was this lady that tried to back up to the trash cans, of which there are four and they're not all that big either, and opened the back of her suv, revealing no less than 10 entirely full large garbage bags. j went out just as the lady was beginning to dump them.  j: ma'am, you can't do this here!  lady: what? no, i can and you're going to deal with it.  now, that's entirely the worst way to talk to j if you want her to even slightly bend the rules for you. otherwise, she'll follow the policy to the letter and she will be as polite as you are about it.  j: no ma'am, i'm not going to deal with it. i can see your license plate right there, and i'm gonna write it down and turn you in for illegal dumping if you leave those bags here. if i find them later tonight in the dumpster i'm going to turn you in for illegal dumping.  the lady starts cussing as she loads those big-ass bags into her suv and peals out of the parking lot, but j got what she wanted and didn't have to worry about hauling ten heavy trash bags to the dumpster at 65 years old and recovering from cancer treatment. not that a good 80 percent of the store would have let her, but she's a stubborn woman and we'd probably have to argue with her about letting us help her with it. but yeah, people don't think about what happens to all their trash when they dump it random places or the poor people that have to deal with it. it's entirely selfish and the people from your story deserved getting their trash returned plus maybe some random shit from the store you worked in. anonymized of course, lol.
t3_1xijl4-t1_cfbnpvs-cfbrllj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7593	similarly when we went to see the london gospel choir perform in camden just before xmas. the lead woman singer (who was really belting it out in the second set) gave this big spiel about how she'd been diagnosed with a life threatening illness the previous yea and how through the power of prayer and the lord jc she had recovered and was now singing the best of her life.   the choir's leader then told us that they had a 24 hour prayer vigil running for her when she was going through all this and the power of their prayer healed their sister..  i then noticed she'd had a double mastectomy and thought to myself... 'yea, nothing to do with the surgeons, radiographers, nurses, research institutions, universities, nhs, pharmaceutical companies, thousands of people who work for and support cancer research charities and the whole ecosystem around healthcare in the uk, just praying to jesus h fucking christ is all they needed to do..'.  i couldn't believe how utterly disingenuous their attitude was.
t3_ap2k1-t3_ap2k1-c0ioth3	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5119	i have breast cancer too but i'm not as far along in my treatment.      she'll be losing her hair so scarves are nice as you end up losing most of your body heat through your head. there are lots of nice stores if you google "breast cancer scarves"   i agree with everyone else too.
t3_15kdnl-t3_15kdnl-c7n9w53	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	after reading the "sad songs" post &amp; the "who would miss you if you died" post, i can confidently say that i am miserable &amp; want to die.  i work as a stripper &amp; have not been earning a lot of money, so i have 2 phone bills due, rent for next month to think about, enough dental problems to cost roughly $15000 &amp; haven't been to a doctor for a check up in 4 years coz i'm pretty sure i have breast cancer &amp; can't begin to think about the worry that will put on me or the cost.  i have fucked my life &amp; i'm only 20. right now i am relying on having sex with men to take my mind off things, &amp; reddit (so far today reddit hasn't done much help).  i went out drinking last night to cheer myself up, would have gotten on pills if i had any, but instead got wasted &amp; puked in the bathroom of a 24 hour restaurant. a girl at the bar i went to found me in the bathroom asleep on the toilet seat &amp; she (in plain view of the cute bartender i have been crushing on) got me out &amp; into a cab home.. &amp; this was the start of my day... didn't pick up much from there....  i'm miserable &amp; broke &amp; can't do anything right.. but i'm gonna hold out till i run out of money, or my body self destructs.  thanks for asking.
t3_14bql4-t3_14bql4-c7brbqb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she had a lot of emotional baggage and hated more people than she liked. "i just don't get along with other girls" was a phrase of hers. still she was the love of my life at one point and she ended things the first time because she assumed falsely that a good relationship would mean that she wouldn't be upset all the time. i agree, except none of the things she was unhappy about had anything to do with me :/ i cared about all of her problems honestly and helped wherever she would let me but yeah she broke it off because i couldn't save her from all of her different issues. also i then found out from her friend that she cheated on me a month before the breakup and when i confronted her with that she said the cheating was my fault too. i didn't really accept the splitup well and went on a bender of drugs/sex/blackouts for the next 7 months before she showed up at my doorstep one day before i was about to make things official with a girl who was super into me and didn't make everything about her all the time. needless to say i'm a moron, i let her in my house to "talk" and somehow i forgot all the pain she put me through and got back together with her and very poorly blew things off with the other sweet girl. i broke up with her 4 months later when i finally started to see everything wasn't  my fault. never got together with sweet girl but we're still friends and don't see each other that way anymore. i couldn't even imagine being friends with an asshole who blew me off the way i did her but i'm glad she thought enough of me to still be friends.   the zinger: also months later ex called me up claiming to have breast cancer in some ploy to get me back. literally said the words "i thought you were coming back" because i indulged her phone call after the grave cancer news. who would just leave somebody hanging after telling you that? asked her best friend about the news and she had no idea what the fuck i was talking about.  staying mostly away from women these days. just the casual hookup i allow myself to risk once in a blue moon. horrible trust issues to deal with before i could put a girl through dating me. not that many women are after me currently lul :p  good thread, got some shit of my chest!  tl;dr: i'm suspiciously bad at oral.
t3_4b8w2z-t1_d172mzr-d17329t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6687	i think the nurse may have been buying the coalition of the rational (op and her dad) some time until they can get more staff in on monday.  nurses seem to be good at recognizing the n brand of crazy when they see it.  my stepmom who is a nurse picked up on it in my mother and her cousin mimi way before anyone else did.  and the nurse who was dealing with my mother's tantrums when she was in a hospital for a mastectomy was really sympathetic and patted me on the shoulder after one of my nmom's screaming fits.  because apparently is wrong to want to know how to milk a surgical drain when you've never done it before and are expected to do it for the n.  i'm squeamish about medical stuff to begin with.  i didn't want to try out my skills on a n with no instruction to go on.  it was one of the few times i shut my nmom up.  i asked her, "do you want to be in a situation where it's 2 am and i don't know what to do and we have to go to the er?"  she had the fit while someone was showing me how to milk the drain and what to check for.
t3_2xsdkh-t1_cp353ml-cp38uqj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8275	so true -- bad enough to be eliminated for such a dumb reason, but for such a dumb cause.  i have several friends who've had had breast cancer and the whole pink marketing scam enrages them.
t3_302wvc-t3_302wvc-cposor3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	be a man.  i've been telling myself this the entire hour i've spent in front of the mirror. while i ran the razor smoothly across my face i'd considered using the words as my manta against the tiny voices of doubt in my head. the three little words built up with an intensity as i continued to groom with q-tips, toothbrush, and a bitter cologne that choked me with its masculinity.  i had asked her on a date and now i was driving myself insane with anxiety.  “be a man,” i mumbled under my breath as i ran the comb through my feathered bangs for the fiftieth time. my hair was perfectly fine and i knew it, but the nervousness had mauled my common sense. to me my bangs had become a mangy lion mane. now that i'd failed to tame it i might as well shave my head.  but i adored my hair. losing it had been one of my fears when i started therapy. i shuddered at giving up anymore of myself just to fit into the pride.   “maybe i was wrong...” it was a moment that clamps my neck in its icy jaws. that niggling doubt that i'd made the wrong decision came back with a vengeance. what did being a man even mean? why was i cramming myself into a stereotype when i was anything but? why couldn't i stop worrying and just be myself?  “no, i am a man,” i told myself with a dominating growl. being a man was what i knew in my heart to be my path. that was the entire purpose of my journey up until that moment. it was, and is, who i am, even if society told me i was a lioness. if this woman couldn't accept me as a worthy lion then i still had my pride.  i reached up with both my hands to touch the fading surgical scars from my double mastectomy and i took a deep breath. i centered myself with a smile on my lips. i could be whoever i wanted to be and right then i wanted to be me.  be a man.
t3_4zt41k-t3_4zt41k-d6ytmhd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7627	i haven't breastfed since 2013 and i still have milk and that let down feeling. it's totally killed any kind of nipple action by my husband.  i even worried i had breast cancer b/c of it and the doctor was like, nope, this happens to a lot of moms.    thanks kids.  anyway, i think there's nothing wrong with telling her sorry charlie, no more milk and offer her a bottle of water instead. it might mean a few hard nights but i think she'll probably get used to it super quick.   i did that when my son was 2, i was just done with breastfeeding and night wakeups. i was so so done.
t3_wm6aj-t3_wm6aj-c5em7gn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7119	i'd insist on new boobs.  this time frame was right after i was diagnosed with breast cancer. unfortunately a bilateral mastectomy was required as the cancer had spread.   i've never been able to get new boobs.  i'd insist on new boobs. living boobless makes for a forever alone life.
t3_14sd9w-t1_c7g289j-c7g8rct	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a friend whose mother is a breast cancer survivor, and i went with one year (while she was still undergoing treatment) to one of the walks, and this one thing stuck out so much that i would up writing a bit about it later-there is *no one*, not a single person there who isn't already aware.  everyone at those walks is either a survivor or related to one.  in fact, if there had been someone there who *didn't* have a story about someone in their family, that would be extremely weird.  it's just a weird culture where they are "raising awareness," but essentially ostracize anyone who can't relate.
t3_2wq6cn-t3_2wq6cn-cotg3j5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i despise the komen foundation. i have a relative who had a breast cancer with a lower mortality rate than a colonoscopy but she's become a slave to that stupid pink ribbon.   we're aware of breast cancer. awareness is no longer an issue.
t3_36j173-t1_credomn-creduyk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	depends on the patient. i have had breast cancer patients request that i cancel other patient's appointments so they can be seen on their time. that's not so much a cancer patient problem as "this entitled bitch thinks her titties are more important that some else's."
t3_nsuot-t1_c3bp662-c3bpd2x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;incidentally, i managed to forget my goddamned password. ha.  oh my goodness, that is funny.  it can.  in fact, a little over a year ago, i had a breast cancer scare.  i have really thick and fibrous breasts (the kind where you can't feel a lump), and when they sent me for a ct scan, they found a nodule in my lung, and some lymph node involvement on the same side.  doctor sent me to an oncologist, and she was concerned to the point that she pushed my insurance to agree to pay for a petscan.  with insurance, the total cost was 4700, but before the insurance agreed to pay for it, i asked the place what would it cost if i were to go straight cash, and they said they'd do it for $1650.  but that same afternoon, the insurance agreed to pay for it, so i was only out my deductible and 20%.  i really think that you ought to see at last a family doctor.  maybe there is something that manifests like this that is fairly common, and i just haven't heard of it.  the fact that it is flat and not round is kind of puzzling.  i makes me wonder more of it isn't some kind of dislocated tissue.
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czrarvd	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6736	mother in law waited as long as she could when she went through breast cancer treatments. eventually she just took the plunge and shaved it all off. it was a shitty day but it has since come back just fine. no patches and it's about shoulder length
t3_2cncuw-t3_2cncuw-cjib29j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7462	all the time... i actually found your post by searching for medical anxiety. i have pretty much convinced myself that i have breast cancer at the young age of 21. its awful, the panic attacks suck, and the sleepless nights never end. i'm glad your brave enough to go to a doctor...i'm freaking terrified. either she will find something, and i actually do have cancer, or she'll think i'm a complete idiot...  it's nice to know someone else struggles with this...i hope you are doing well.
t3_2d2hi3-t3_2d2hi3-cjlg9li	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	putting down one potentially life-saving intervention is no way to boost another. in a way, this reminds me of the advertisement for pancreatic cancer that stated "i wish i had breast cancer." yes, let's talk about this subject, but why bash another vulnerable area (colon cancer) to do so?
t3_44kvgi-t3_44kvgi-czqwx93	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8376	*i am a bot whose sole purpose is to improve the timeliness and accuracy of responses in this subreddit.*   ---  **it appears you forgot to include your location in the title or body of your post.**   **please update the original post to include this information.**   ***do not delete this post and create a new post with the requested information*.**   ---  [report inaccuracies here](https://www.reddit.com/r/locationbot/) | [github] (https://github.com/ianpugh/locationbot2.0) | [author](https://reddit.com/u/ianp) | locationbot v2.0.0   ---  original post:  author: /u/second_place_  **grandmother died, nobody told my family for over four months.** &gt;hi reddit, i made a throwaway for this post in fear of jeopardizing  &gt; any possible legal actions i can take from here forward.  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; my mother called me today and told me that her mother (my grandmother) had passed away, on september 28th. my mom found out when she went to her doctor for a check up... he happened to be my grandmother's doctor too, so he began to express his condolences for her passing, much to my mom's surprise. he was beside himself when he realized she didn't know about my grandmother's passing.  &gt;  &gt;  &gt; my mom's siblings cut communication with my mother &amp;amp; immediate family about 4 years ago after my grandmother was diagnosed with breast cancer &amp;amp; my mom admitted her to the cancer hospital she works in. her sister was unhappy with the distance she would have to travel in order to visit/drive her to the appointments, so she took it upon herself to take her out of the hospital and bring my grandmother to one that was more convenient for her. &gt;  &gt; this might sound like a clusterfuck, and thats because it is.  &gt; we don't know what to do... we know my grandmother had over $100,000 to be split three ways between my mom and her two siblings, but after finding out 4 months later that she had passed, we're thinking it wasn't dealt out in the right way. i need to know what steps to take from here in order to find out whether we are owed money, or if it was wrongly divided in half rather than in thirds. if this is the case, what can we do to get what we are owed?  &gt;  &gt; i don't know where else to turn, and i will not/have not contacted any of my mom's siblings. please let me know if i need to fill in any gaps in this story as i had just found out a few hours ago and my mind is kind of all over the place.
t3_26hwaf-t3_26hwaf-chrd882	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had something like this a couple years ago. my grandmother died of breast cancer and i'm at a pretty high risk for it, so when i felt those lumps (yes, plural), i had a royal panic attack, talked to my mom, and cried the whole time. turned out it was just fatty lumps, but i was having all kinds of twitchy pains in my right breast. when i talked to my doctor, she said this was psychological due to the fear i had over the possibility of me developing breast cancer.   however, she said it was good that i was checking as young as i was with the family history that i have and to just keep an eye on it. if i start to get worried again, go right in and have it checked. it's been two years and i'm fine now, could stand to lose a few pounds, but those twitchy pains come back every time i check my breasts for lumps.
t3_22kt5a-t3_22kt5a-cgnve4b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	because it is really easy to cure cancer in a very specific environment in rats.   it is far harder to cure it in humans with the hundreds of thousands of different variants and situations that exist.  firstly, i absolutely hate the term "cure cancer" because cancer isn't one disease. it's hundreds, with varying levels of danger. breast cancer, if detected on time, is nearly never fatal. the worst that happens is the loss of a breast, but that is nothing compared to keeping your life. hard to detect cancers like lung cancer are much more dangerous. it is nearly impossible to treat and even harder to catch, so when they do catch it it's too late. there is also skin cancer, bone marrow cancer, prostate cancer, brain cancer, etc etc. each with different causes, each with different treatments. there is no and never will be a singular cure for cancer.   but it is easy to write "octopus eggs cure cancer". it is really easy to write that. when in fact they found that protein xy1234 in the eggs of an octopus makes cancerous cells in rat spinal chord cancer more susceptible to chemo, meaning you can use slightly less powerful chemicals and have people not experience such bad effects.   but, after the trial with rats are done they may go on to a more complicated animal. find one with spinal chord cancer. see that the protein did nothing to said animal and that maybe with the rat it was a fluke, or something else made the cancer weaker. whatever it is, it's back to the drawing board.   so yeah. blame the media for hopping onto each lab report that the sap from an african tree cures cancer in one rat and making it read sap cures cancer.
t3_4ksy8d-t1_d3hj3xh-d3hk75a	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7106	no, i think you're correct.  they all see themselves as "victims" of everything on the planet because of their delusions.  my aunt had to have a single mastectomy in her 50s, which was botched and resulted in a horrible staph infection in the drainage site, but she also refused to wear the weighty (at the time) prosthetic.  it never affected her feeling of being female, though.  the cancer eventually spread and affected her internal organs, from which she died about 15 yrs later.  she was married 3x and never had children she birthed, but was my surrogate mother (sister of my mom who died aged 28), a wonderful woman who never saw herself as a victim of anything except how she was treated by men.
t3_111q1u-t1_c6il68t-c6ila3w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	and i think it's stupid to not accept money made from "immoral dealings." if i had breast cancer i'd be pissed. they're denying money that could help people because of their opinion on porn, that's really silly.
t3_2lxew8-t3_2lxew8-clz2mz5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	other medical issues, haha.   i had a prophylactic double mastectomy this past summer due to genetic mutation and major family history.  i also was recently diagnosed with gastroparesis (this involved several weeks of vomiting and pain and a week's stay at a hospital because i couldn't keep down water).  i'm scheduled for the second part of my reconstructive surgery in a couple days. i also have an ongoing condition called pots. postural orthostatic tachycardia syndrome.   that infected toenail is really just a nuisance.   i suppose eventually the whole thing will just swell up and i won't be able to wear my shoes and then the doctor in the er is going to think i'm the grossest and most hygenically irresponsible excuse of a person, and he's going to have to amputate and i'll just kinda shrug and say meh.   choose your battles. i've got boobs and belly and overall fatigue and heart rate issues going on right now. i'll get to my feet... eventually...
t3_2rim57-t3_2rim57-cngmnrp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a breast cancer scare. i was told that tumors do not cause pain. if this is causing her pain it could be a cyst, boil, etc. still though, encourage her to see a doc.
t3_2cg7c7-t1_cjfwpo3-cjfxbdn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am so sick of your lies!!!  i come to this page for support and you have to invade it, and start typing out your political responses.  you most certainly have said all those things about me.  you said all women are disgusting--that the female vagina disgusts you because you don't like fluids and smells.  (nevermind the fact that you want women to rub your fluids all over their face and breasts!)  you have said i am loose....that the only way you can finish is to flip me over so it's tight.  you did say stuff about my breasts--commenting how stretched out they are from breast feeding, and that you will pay to get me a boob  job when i'm done nursing our son. you have said i am fat, and especially harped on the time when i gained weight after the birth of our first child, when i had a life threatening thyroid condition that began shutting down my liver and kidneys.  you didn't even want to come with me to the hospital when they thought i had cancer and needed to do tests.  you are self absorbed and care for no one but yourself!!! honestly, you add insult to injury.  as if the porn wasn't enough, you add lying on top of it.  you have destroyed all my trust in you.  as if that wasn't enough, you isolate me and make me feel awful about myself!  i begged you for years to workout with me, and you refuse, but now go running alone with your female co-worker.  that's messed up!  coming home and telling me about how pretty she is and about her tight yoga pants, and how you wish i had her sense of humor, and how i should take the same acne meds that she is so i can look more like her....it's all repulsive!!!!!   you add these political answers on top of everything and insult my intelligence.  the only part of me you haven't torn down yet is my intelligence....but now you are going after that too.   you think you can wake up and declare yourself "cured from porn".  you cant!!!  and you trying to say things like that makes me realize all the more that this time will end in failure too.  so then you go google and ask me "what am i supposed to be saying"....and then start to repeat it back.....repeating it is not the same thing as feeling it and living it!  you don't deserve my support anymore.  and i don't deserve to get strung along with false hope anymore.  if you even want to pretend to love me, then at least grant me that one thing.  stop selling me false hopes!  stop setting me up to be crushed over and over.  you seem to love hurting me and are also addicted to hurting me over and over.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jjdrb	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	in the summer of 1990 when saddam's army invaded kuwait, my 14yo mother was sent to america to which she would be married at 16 and have had born 2 children by 19. at age 24 she divorced,at age 25 she adopted me. we had a nice family, but years later her father had gotten sick and she put everything on hold to take care of him and after two years he passed away, causing her to have severe anxiety and depression. 2 more years later she got in a car accident totaling her car and destroying her back. after losing her job and not being able to get unemployment and her saving dwindling down she goes to see her gyno. and is sent to take a scheduled mamogram to witch we find out she has stage 3 breast cancer. this was back in aug. 2011. in sept. 2001 she has a bilateral mastectomy and starts her first of 6 cycles of infusion. we are about to have her 4th infusion this friday coming up. right now she has about 500cc of saline in her expansions in each chest. after  the chemo and radiation she will have the expansions removed and have silicon implanted.   this is the first time ive got to tell this story so that's why it's messy.  here are some pointers.  side effect: nulasta shot bone ache solution: claritin/antihistamine  side effect:rashes solution: hydrocortizone  side effect: hot flashes solution: effexor, trazadone, adavan  side effect: uti solution: cranberry juice  side effect: anxiety/depression solution:devil lettuce (vaped)  i hope i've helped  edit:everything
t3_2p8es8-t1_cmwj67i-cmwoo27	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was mad but also blamed myself for not insisting on a mammogram from the start.  i have a strong history of ovarian and breast cancer in my family that he knew about as well.  knowing my family history i should have insisted. could, should, would.    i wrote him a letter explaining that i did have cancer, the most aggressive form of breast cancer.  not only was i not too young but neither were all of these other people (and i provided him with lots of information about the young survivors coalition (for people diagnosed under the age of 40 with breast cancer).   the jerk had the nerve to contact me while i was in treatment trying to push some miracle supplement that he was selling.  i brought the information to my oncologist and she threw a fit.  she contacted him and asked him to kindly not interfere with or bother her patients treatment plan with his trash.  i loved her.
t3_2dv3a2-t3_2dv3a2-cjte2qe	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5108	found a lump in my armpit in the shower the other day.   i'm pretty scared because i had breast cancer a few years ago and had to have chemo and radiation. i keep telling myself to get it checked out but i love my life and i don't want everything to come to a halt again.  i'm so screwed.
t3_do9kh-t3_do9kh-c11poqg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the perfect example of what he was saying is when pro sports teams use pink equipment on the field during games.  recently, nfl players wore pink gloves and cleats...and mlb players use pink bats and gloves often as well.  don't get me wrong, i have no problem with people supporting breast cancer research, but wouldn't prostate cancer be a more relevant issue for them to be addressing?  or lung cancer?  that poster couldn't be any more right, the only reason why people make their products pink in 2010 is to gain female viewers and/or money.
t3_28axzi-t3_28axzi-ci96h93	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes they are stupid in this, but lets talk about depression vs adhd.    1)  people commit suicide due to depression and it is obvious after the fact that the person was depressed and it was probably one of the reason they committed suicide (even though with suicide there is often no single reason but instead a multiude of reasons).  2)  everybody can be sad so it is a lot easier for people to understand a bleakness that does not go away.  it is a lot easier to empathize with.  -----  add to the fact  3)  scientist while they know adhd exist have not "proven" how adhd occurs.  scientists though have a good knowledge of how to treat it, and thus a good idea why it occurs, but they have not found the multitude of magical genes and environmental factors that will trigger the various forms of brain chemistry that causes adhd.  thus you have doubt it really exists unlike something like breast cancer where you can say this defective gene causes you to have a 50% to 66% to have breast cancer by age 70.  4)  there is no good test for adhd, instead you watch a person with adhd and once you have a good knowledge of their history, you test drugs on them and see if they improve.  -----  now combine 1, 2, 3 and 4 and add these things (which add controversy and non seriousness to the discussion)  5)  corporations are evil, adhd drugs have massive increases in sales in the last 35 or so years and the amount of diagnosis have skyrocketed.  i would argue this was due to the ama adding adhd in 1980 to the list of official disorders and thus more attention was going to adhd.  with more people being diagnosed we gain a better understanding of adhd and the drug companies modified existing drugs to work better for adhd (time release).  furthermore by discovering by accident we found out other drugs (wellburtin, other antidepressants, strattera, intuniv, kapvay) actually also treat adhd symptoms.  in effect it was not a science problem but instead a testing and marketing problem and the drug industry excels at the last two but they are not good at creating new drugs from scratch/accident for that is damn hard.  6)  younger and younger kids are being diagnosed with adhd and treated with medicines and this scares people.  how can you know a toddler or 5 year old has something with no test?  7)  there are some people that do not believe adhd exist, and the media (not just the nyt) tries to be "balanced" by stating it as a controversy.  **8)  people that advocate adhd suck at communicating.**  if you can not give a 2 sentence answer on how you are like people (so they can empathize) and yet tell them how you fundamentally are different and **why this disorder is serious and life changing.**  then you will not be taken seriously.  on point 8 we do have a two sentence answer, but the two sentence answer stinks.  "saying its hard for me to focus.  unlike you its all the time" is a thing people associate with silliness and non seriousness.
t3_2e2ib2-t3_2e2ib2-cjvrjfg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7469	my boyfriend went through similar. my mom was diagnosed with the spread of her breast cancer 3 months after we got together.  if it wasn't for him, i would have handled it so much worse than i did.  the best thing is to make yourself available to her. when you notice she's distracted or withdrawn, just ask her if she is doing alright or what's on her mind. don't push her to talk, but let her know she can confide in you.  hold her when she cries and all that jazz. you don't have to understand what she is going through; you may or may not. just be there for her to get the details and happenings out of her head so she can rationalize and understand it herself. she just needs someone she can trust to listen to her.
t3_2hs6mv-t3_2hs6mv-ckvspbu	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8641	when i had breast cancer i had to go through many procedures. the injection i got for a nuclear medicine test was so incredibly painful that i was trembling and sobbing after the shot. to top it, the test was unsuccessful. i've given birth to two kids before and so i know what real pain feels like, but this was intense.
t3_1p542a-t1_ccytv8x-ccz0585	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5849	my mother had breast cancer, and just drove through it like a champion. done in a year. that was nearly ten years ago, and i forget it even happened. yeah, my mother was lucky and this woman wasn't, but cancer is *not* a death sentence, and you can kick it so hard in the nuts it won't come back. don't let this take your hope.
t3_2j0s75-t1_cl7d3vk-cl7m7ce	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my coworkers like to go to happy hour, i like to go to happy hour.  unfortunately, the best and closest restaurant that offers happy hour is hooters.    we go there often enough that they know our group.  it is always the same group of girls working, no biggie.    i drink a lot of things, but after work, if i am going out, i start with a kettle one, up, with a twist.    to make this drink you need a shaker a martini glass, ice, vodka, a strainer and a tiny bit of lemon peel.  you shake the vodka, strain it into the glass and drop in the lemon peel.    they manage to fuck it up every single time i go.  i have to send it back every time.    sometimes they squeeze a lemon into it, sometimes it comes out as a shot of vodka, sometimes it has olive juice in it...last week when we went, it came out pink.  the bartender thought that we should be celebrating breast cancer awareness (as the restaurant was) and she added "a touch of cranberry to make it festive."  that one broke the camels back for me.    i went to the manager and complained...i ran through the past few times we have been there and he sort of figured out that it was me who always sent kettle one drinks back, as he has to clear them from the computer.  he was nice enough, apologized, promised training, bought us some apps...so we will see what happens when we all go back again, but i am going to wager the dumbass behind the bar will fuck up chilling vodka again...
t3_1huxnq-t3_1huxnq-caya73x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sdm is useful where there is a great deal of uncertainty in the decision, either due to a lack of useful data, or the relatively high risk of unwanted outcomes in the decision branches.  (i.e. which bad thing do you want least).  however, it is not useful when the outcome measures are clear.  the example the author gives of prophylactic mastectomy is a great example.  in the vast majority of cases, it is unnecessary, dangerous, and wasteful.  however, to deal with patient fears, it is done.  this is a case where the patient's desires probably should not come into play.  sometimes, physicians have to do what is right, even when it isn't what the patients want.  or think they want.
t3_4bnkth-t3_4bnkth-d1b7jtc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	please please please go to a specialist for this. it doesn't sound normal and your mother's history of uterine cancer indicates you're at increased risk for hormonal related cancers. my profession overlaps with the medical field and i have met breast cancer and uterine cancer survivors who have a family medical history like yours. they ignored irregularities and didn't go to the doctor until they had advanced stage cancer. this could be nothing, but don't risk it.
t3_11ke9x-t3_11ke9x-c6nalvi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had to pick between my mom battling breast cancer and my girlfriend. so right now i'm at home in grad school that i didn't want to go to so that i near my mom and my girlfriend is halfway across the country and we're working through a long distance relationship. i regret my choice. but honestly speaking, even if i picked to stay with my girlfriend i'd regret that choice too.
t3_2how3z-t1_ckvkpmn-ckvrrbc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6707	i've never had long term prescriptions.  i'm just saying, i've never had a problem getting them when i need them.  my point was if you need them and your doctor is jacking you around unnecessarily, then get a new doctor.  i had a friend with breast cancer have to do the same thing because everyone thought she was abusing them and she wasn't.  she changed her doctor and they were much better about working with proper pain management strategies rather than knee jerk a "no" all the time.  it doesn't mean she gets all the meds she wants but at least now she has that dialogue and trust that's necessary to have a successful patient doctor relationship.  finally,  i'm perfectly aware of pain meds addiction but the answer isn't a complete lockdown.  i'm not talking about walking into a doctor with some vague ailment and walking out with horse tranquilizers. i'm talking about getting the right amount and type of medication for my real problems and not getting hassled about  legitimate needs.
t3_2iufwq-t1_cl5qufm-cl61mlq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but let's be real: most people don't know that. i didn't know that until this thread. every month may be *officially* a cancer awareness month, but i guarantee you the vast majority of people only know about october's breast cancer awareness month. it's *by far* the most publicized and highest funded type of cancer awareness. when the nfl officially makes it a huge part of their identity for a whole month, even though it's an obvious marketing ploy to draw in a larger female demographic, then you know it's a big force. i have an aunt fighting breast cancer right now and i have only the highest hopes for her and her treatment. it's good that research has progressed so far so fast. however, breast cancer has one of the lowest mortality rates of any cancer. pancreatic, liver, brain, blood, and tobacco related cancers all have exponentially higher mortality rates and some of the lowest levels of funding and public awareness campaigns.
t3_3su6er-t1_cx0zmu1-cx12imw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes get a second opinion! also, don't trust reddit for diagnosis. however i wanted to share some info that might make you feel better. general rule of thumb is that breast pain isn't associated with cancer (which in my opinion makes it scarier). if it turns out it is, file a complaint against that physician who told you you're too young to the facilities patient advocate and they might write off the charges.  source: years i worked with mammography techs and the years i've dealt with disputed medical charges.
t3_1cduz4-t1_c9fty8y-c9fv42h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5087	i moved here to be with my husband. he's an engineer and started working for a company last april. he was later offered a permanent position and so i decided to move, since i've always wanted to live in europe.   i was diagnosed with breast cancer in less than a month of showing up. let me just say that the german health care system is fucking amazing. i'd be financially ruined if i were in the states.
t3_doxk5-t3_doxk5-c11umcx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7587	i had no problem with breast cancer awareness until they stole my month. october used to be physical disability awareness month. now not even my school's dss takes notice to it and instead everything is colored pink and pink ribbons are everywhere. wouldn't mind it if my own struggle wasn't overshadowed by an illness that gets year round notice. best i get is when the special olympics occur and all the jokes start. :\
t3_1c1c2p-t3_1c1c2p-c9cb6mp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have a few things that have happened to my family that have defied explanation for me. this story has bigger picture but this is the best synopsis i've got.  1: my grandmother, about 20 years ago drove up on a car accident in her town. relatively small town and a two lane highway. she noticed the car smoking and in the ditch and saw the driver in the seat struggling to get out of the car. she talked to him for just moment and assessed injuries. serious head trauma, open wound across his head and arm. he was coherent, but was scared to death due to a severe loss of blood. she asked him his name and he told her. she got up and went to her car grabbed her bible and recited a verse from it including his name, about a minute in time lapsed. she kneeled next him and both the head wound and the arm wound had stopped bleeding. he was very awake, looked at her and asked "what did you do? the bleeding just, stopped." she said that she said a prayer.   2: growing up in a christian home, i've witnessed prayer do alot of things. another thing that happened was to my wife's first cousin. 8 years ago, she was diagnosed with breast cancer. my wife, told the pastor about it and we began to pray for her. she eventually had to have her breasts removed and underwent chemo as well. lost her hair, everything, it was really, really bad. so about 6 months go by and she starts complaining with horrendous headaches. she goes in and finds out that the cancer has spread to her brain. they do chemo, and ultimately brain surgery. they remove what they can, and say there's nothing they can do and stop all treatment. the church finds out and starts praying for her. she goes in for a followup a month later to find out how long she has and it's gone. in its entirety. i mean, literally, gone. she's been cancer free for 5 1/2 years now.   got several other stories but don't have time to write anymore right this moment. edited for fat fingers hitting the wrong numbers
t3_2ia8d6-t1_cl0apsb-cl0eq9x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you're very likely to get breast cancer you might remove breast tissues to avoid the possibility.  but you don't want to *cause* malignant cancer just so you can find a solution to it.  to wit, there's no good solution because it's a fundamental problem with the protocol.  mitigation of a future threat is smart and perhaps possible but at the end of the day to be absolutely secure:  &gt; you have to consider [any usb device] infected and throw it away as soon as it touches an non-trusted computer  as much as you might try to detect an infection or mitigate against it's damages, a smart infection can act normal until it spots an opportunity moment to modify the data being sent between the usb device and machine.  you'd have to create a whitelist and check usb firmware against it each time you plug it in?
t3_1qtc7t-t1_cdg9u6c-cdg9zu4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;one of my biggest fears was that i was rediscovering something.   it can feel sucky, but don't fear it. it means you had an idea that you know for a fact was good enough to get published.   &gt;i have tested the algorithm on breast cancer data.  that is only one data set! you will need to test with more to get an idea of how well (or not) it really works.   &gt;a naive bayesian classifier worked with only a 89% accuracy. a k-means algorithm worked with 78% accuracy. a kohonen map worked 88% accuracy  you are going to have to define accuracy here, as you said clustering - "accuracy" doesn't have any natural meaning for clustering. and naive bayes isn't a clustering algorithm.   &gt; and im not sure how to approach one without looking a naive kid who is way over his head.  dont worry about it. no professor is going to go "hah, look at this kid trying to *learn* and shit. better not let him into my university - we only want non-learners here!". you may not get a response, but thats probably an artifact of them being busy all the time more than anything else.   if you don't have anyone that could introduce you / set up a meeting, just email one. explain what your trying to do - and give them a week or so to reply (if you email then during a paper or grant deadline - they probably aren't emailing anyone for that week anyway).
t3_30t9r7-t3_30t9r7-cpw5fh1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8055	this brings back memories, from the summer of 2010. my wife, had been diagnosed with stage iv breast cancer in the spring. chemo, etc. and then she caught pneumonia in july. hospital stay for a week. she finally got out, and just asked me to please just take her to a concert (she loved music). so arcade fire it was in philly. she had lost her hair, so she wore a cap, and had to carry around an oxygen tank. and goddamn if some fucking assholes didn't point at her and make fun. at an arcade fire concert, which should have been filled with all loving hippies, but apparently not, because people can just be assholes. well, she unleashed hell on them. good for her :)
t3_dj7tf-t3_dj7tf-c10p2k8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.664	i don't have much else to say other than you should tell your loved ones as soon as possible, and get back with your girlfriend after explaining why you broke up with her.  it isn't for you, it's for them. they will need time to cope and they will want to spend more time with you. the sooner you die after they find out, the harder it will be for them.   my mom died after a 7 year battle with breast cancer (including one year of remission) back in 2005, but we were only told she was definitely going to die a week before she did. i still can't believe it happened so fast.
t3_259odz-t3_259odz-chf64lq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[you can get a taste of home cookbook for under $10 if you poke around](http://www.barnesandnoble.com/listing/2690587578856?r=1&amp;cm_mmc=googlepla-_-book_25to44-_-q000000633-_-2690587578856) and it is such a helpful resource that i picked up when i was just starting out on my own in college. there are a few similar editions out there. i have a breast cancer awareness one i picked up on clearance. each chapter has more than just recipes, it also includes helpful resources.  for example, in the meat chapter, in addition to recipes there are pictures of the different cuts of pork and beef and what temperature to cook them to. it also includes terms like the difference between braising or broiling. i reference mine all the time, even when i'm not making a recipe from it. there is a whole chapter dedicated to soups and stews and i think you would find the pasta and casseroles also easy to learn.
t3_2zy7cm-t1_cpr384a-cprvre4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well to be fair if i had a predisposition to breast cancer i might have something done about it...although i'd go for some sort of cosmetic surgery to at last look normal afterward.  of course we also have a stupid taboo about plastic surgery.
t3_14ks1a-t1_c7e6143-c7e8mjx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6499	wow. what you described sounds incredibly traumatic. i admire you ability to soldier on through everything you have experienced. i wouldn't blame you if you didn't feel like you had soldiered on though; even though you have described what it feels like i still have no way of knowing exactly what it does feel like to cope with your experiences.   long story short: my mother died of breast cancer when i was 9 and left me with my dad who was an abusive alcoholic. when i set about reclaiming my past and coming to terms with what happened to me as a child i found what helped me was talking to my family, namely those who were around when i was growing up (my dad, my grandparents, my brother, and my sister). i talked about everything that had happened to me and how it had affected me; without being too honest.  it was a chance for me to hold my dad and my grandparents accountable for treating me poorly. even if they did not accept and admit guilt i still got what i wanted off my chest and it was no longer a problem for me. it was also a chance to share my grief with my brother and sister who had similar experiences.   have you ever had a chance to hold you parents responsible for your childhood? also do you talk about it with your brother about your experiences? i am assuming he would have gone through similar things as you.  what do you think would help you be able to look back on everything that happened and accept it as something that you had no control over and is now a thing of the past? do you think this would allow you to take control of your life and move forward?   your passions in life don't have to be limited to ambitions, desires and material items. you might be passionate about ideals, values, or a certain philosophy. for example you could be passionate about trust, honesty, or individuality. in my case i am passionate about health care, one aspect that i am really passionate about is offering the highest standard of care available to everyone, regardless of their ethnicity, socio-economic status, religion, life choices, or any circumstances. while on a global scale i realise this is a futile pipedream, it is something that will guide the way i conduct myself as a paramedic when i finish my degree and go into employment. having considered that, is there anything that you are passionate about?
t3_303kxo-t1_cpoz78d-cpp5zfa	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8017	i had my ovaries and uterus removed when i was 30 due to endometriosis. at 35 i was diagnosed with aggressive, late stage breast cancer. i am also brca positive and my grandmother had ovarian cancer and the other had breast. i swear having that hysterectomy saved me.
t3_4x1s2k-t3_4x1s2k-d6budrl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm a carrier for brca2 and chek2 mutations. between the 2, i have a 95% chance of getting breast cancer, 60% chance of getting ovarian cancer, 7% chance of getting pancreatic cancer, and am at unknown/increased risk for melanoma, colon cancer, and there is some evidence that i am at risk through chek2 for lung, kidney, thyroid, and gastric cancers. i'm very interested to see if there is a way to correct the mutations in my dna to avoid cancer. for now, the best i can do is take out my ovaries and tubes and cut off my breasts and do regular screenings to catch the other cancers early. it'd be nice to not have to go through all that, but i also understand the slippery slope this opens up. it might just be best for people like me to be at the low end of the gene pool and get cancer when we get cancer.
t3_1545gz-t3_1545gz-c7jgk9h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah... my aunt died of breast cancer because treatment took to long in canada and had to come to the us for treatment, it helped for a while but because she couldnt get treatment in canada earlier and waited to come to the us she died because of it. nationalized healthcare is good for colds and broken arms, but not for serious illness'. think about how long it takes the government to do anything, and imagine if you had a serious illness and had to take a number like the dmv.
t3_yim8y-t1_c5w3vap-c5w98bh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	webmd once told me i had breast cancer when i (a boy) was 15 years old. i went to the doctor and he told me "don't worry it's probably just a pituitary tumor". thanks doc...  turns out that if the gf plays with your nips too much then boys develop a host of weird symptoms.
t3_32pe3d-t1_cqde65b-cqe27uj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is the reason why i tell people right up front that i have a super high risk for breast cancer because of my family history. i'm terrified my significant other won't be able to handle me when i absolutely need them, and will leave from the incapability to deal with the stress.
t3_2y1rsv-t3_2y1rsv-cp6yv9r	breast_cancer	relevant	0.665	you're right. outlook is not good. went through it with my mother. it was the metastasized breast cancer. i did a lot of internet research and knew it was coming and think it helped me process the death before it happened. other family members were in denial and the impact was much more severe to them once she passed. if i personally was talking to someone about to go through what i did, i would suggest seeing a therapist throughout to process what is going on. i did and am glad i did. i cried a lot in there but it helped me process. like i said some family members didn't and i can't help but think it would have helped them tremendously. just be there for your friend if he wants to talk about it or if he doesn't. i got very tired of talking about it that i avoided people to not have to talk about it. it will be on his mind with every conversation, interaction he has.    i never understood people giving food for people in tough times until i went through this and realized between all the trips to the pharmacy, doctors  and with care giving no one has time to cook or even get take out. dad lost a lot of weight, he was too exhausted to remember to eat. perhaps organize people giving prepared meals when things progress and your friends days are filled with the care giving.  with my mom they found the lesions in her spine first when she complained of back pai n after 17 years in remission. the doctor said the longest they had seem someone live from that stage was 2 years. my mom made it 4. once we knew it was in her brain stem the doctors said they were stopping treatment. it was heartbreaking to see someone hear that news when they wanted to keep fighting. my mom passed away within 4 months of them finding it in her brain.  over the 4 years she fought like hell and tried every cancer fighting drug available, was part of many drug studies, had blood transfusions, took bone strengthening meds. she did radiation and chemo.  some of the drugs that were in study stage when she tried them have now passed so i hope these drugs improve the outlook.    going through it all it was comforting to know people i did not expect to care did care. so touching to see who all came to the funeral to provide support. people are amazing. a group of friends sent a gift basket full of tea, cheese, snacks, chocolate to me with a thoughtful thinking of you card. that was very comforting. we didn't necessarily sit down and enjoy the basket, more so had snacks and comfort food when we were on the run. i was so touched by the unexpected gesture.  i think responding to this may have helped me too. i am a reddit lurker, not a poster but feel like i was meant to come across this post and respond. you are a good friend! just keep doing what you're doing.
t3_1nid0x-t3_1nid0x-cciws42	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6626	the day the doctor told me i had breast cancer. in the same breath, she also told me that i was going to live, survive it, but that it would be tough. dr. allison laidly of dallas, texas is one of the greatest, most caring doctors in the world. she was right and 13 years later, i am cancer free.
t3_2uqww7-t3_2uqww7-cob00eq	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a friend who got breast cancer in her late 20s. fit, petite, etc. the chemo drugs made her face swell to twice its size, she had bloated hands and arms and steroids caused weight gain even when she tried to do moderate exercise. her whole body changed. robin was about to die, she's way older, and was prone to having a slow metabolism to begin with - let's  just be thankful she's here. it will be at least two years meds free before she can start making real improvements.
t3_3igw7w-t3_3igw7w-cuge39d	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6154	i had a preventative double mastectomy 2 years ago and i've had nothing but trouble. normally the entire procedure from mastectomy to reconstruction takes about 6 months. i have had a lot of issues with healing properly and wounds bursting open. do not let them use dissovable stitches! i had to have all removable stitches this last time around, they left those in for 3 weeks and then removed them. my last surgery was july 31 of this year and i still have 2 tiny scabs left.   if you need to have this procedure done, don't let them make huge incisions or nipple resizing. the less incisions you have the better and faster you should heal with minimal trouble.
t3_bir9o-t3_bir9o-c0mz4k5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	during the wedding ceremony, it says in sickness and in health, good/ bad times, ect. you may not want to stay with someone who will leave you if something bad happens. maybe you should talk it out with her more. it would be a pity to break up with her if you really love her. try to talk sense into her.. just be like, what if i broke up with you if you got breast cancer someday?
t3_wpl3h-t3_wpl3h-c5ff2n9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6663	i feel your pain.  admittedly, i am a bit of a hypochondriac; one time i was convinced i had breast cancer...the most severe type of breast cancer because of a spot i discovered on my breast and a few bad google entries.  the way it usually goes is i will notice whatever it is that stimulates my anxiety, then i will look it up online and obsess over it for a while until i either go see a doctor or realize it's no big deal.  how i go about doing that is i imagine the worst case (ie the almost zero mortality brand of breast cancer) then, i ask myself what the odds are of this happening...almost zero.  then, i decide that if anything changes or if i notice symptoms, i will go see the doctor.  it always turns out to be nothing either way.  i don't know your situation, and i don't want to tell you it's nothing, but just consider what the probabilities are, and realize that the worst case is rarely the case at all.  you are much more likely to have a neutral outcome or even a positive one...depending on how you look at it.  it's all about how you look at the situation-if you can control that, you will be golden.  but it's much easier said than done.
t3_2698a3-t3_2698a3-chpab8t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5006	it might just be me but i feel like these are too..  look at me i had breast cancer. like where the boobs would have been on most of these women are cut out and exposed. if you want breast cancer survivors to feel normal and confident with their bodies make bathing suits that look like normal bathing suits. not these things. but i do give props to all of those women for being able to model something that isn't socially accepted as  beautiful
t3_1cav1h-t3_1cav1h-c9evbvd	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer a few years ago.  i was supposed to do some sort of nuclear medicine test.  the test involved injecting a needle directly into the tumor to help light up the sentinal lymph noe or something. the doctor told me that it could be painful when he injected the medicine into the tumor.   he was not kidding.  when he did the injection i started shaking uncontrollably.   i will never forget that feeling and i will never allow that procedure to happen to me again.  the kicker is that they could not rind what they were looking for with the test and when i had my surgery the doctor removed all of my lymph nodes because they could not find the sentinal node  my boob was so discolored, it looked like an eggplant.
t3_dns3k-t1_c11omv4-c11qgb3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5167	i agree there's a big problem with the funding disparity, however the "awareness" push i am completely behind and fully support.  breast cancer awareness is important precisely because it is treatable and easy to diagnose.  greater awareness has a direct impact on lives saved.  this isn't talking about research dollars, but rather just making people aware that breast cancer is something they need to be on the lookout for.  i had an extended family member die to breast cancer specifically because it was not diagnosed early enough.  greater awareness could have saved her life.  meanwhile i've lost more than a couple family members to lung cancer where there wasn't anything that the doctors could really do, except string it out as long as they could.  we're talking months in each case.  not years.
t3_1hvrxp-t1_cayfs7u-cayg0lw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lol. thanks for letting me hate you, it feels nice. i completely agree that if you have a shitty server, they should receive a shitty tip. i am not a shifty server however and always treat my guests with whatever "hook up" i can get them.   as for my other job (yes i have two). i cofounded a breast cancer charity called skim2live with my friends years back, and are now a recognized non profit. so if you want to man up and donate that $100... check out skim2live.com
t3_1oy20d-t1_ccwyedt-ccwyhht	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i had breast cancer amd even if this did somehow offend me, i'd still much rather see the money thst came from it go towards research and treatment than into those guys pockets. that would be more fustrating. you're the idiot here.
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czr5fac	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7613	my mother had breast cancer a few years ago and went through chemo. when she started treatment she knew that the hair loss was inevitable, so when it started to fall out she shaved her head and so did our family and friends in support. she kept it shaved for the duration of treatment, and actually loved it.  she used the baldness as a badge of honor, or rather as a big "fuck you" to cancer and also to show her strength through the whole thing. about two months after chemo her hair began to grow back, but it never really grew back to it's original strength or quality. she gets braids or clips interlaced into her hair to make it more lush, but it really bothers her that it's not as lush and full as it was before the treatment. your concerns about your hair growing back differently are valid, but it won't be because you shave your head, any issues are going to be results from the cancer and the treatment. i hope this was helpful and i'm very sorry that you're going through this. i wish you the best of luck. fuck cancer.
t3_1kg2a4-t1_cbotcp4-cbotlk2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; any boyfriend who leaves because of that isn't worth having in the first place.  this is fantasy. any time a compromise comes up and someone says, "anyone who would leave you over that isn't worth having in the first place." isn't considering how relationships work.  i'm not saying that it wouldn't be a poor judgment call. i'm saying that if the boyfriend was adament about not wanting you to disfigure your body and you went along with it, it wouldn't be completely unreasonable for them to leave.  imagine if i wanted to chop off one of my arms or legs. i use legs to get around and removing one would mean that i would need to be in a wheelchair and my wife would have to help with things that i normally would do. if i lost an arm i'd have to either learn how to handle a computer with one hand or lose my job. both of these are life changing. if i really, really felt that they needed to go i'm sure i could convince my wife and she would stick with me but if i did it without asking her and talking it through with her? she'd leave because i'd be a crazy person.  the difference may not be the inability to walk or the inability to use a computer but it would alter your ability to make friends, it would cause society to ostracize you, and it would make it harder to enter sexual relationships because of people who aren't familiar with your past and aren't in love with you. those people don't get a chance to meet you for who you really are. they just see a girl with no boobs. either you have to lie to them so they think it was cancer related or tell them you self mutilated. neither are ideal scenarios.  &gt; you're a shallow shit who shouldn't be in a relationship. with anyone.  relationships are based on physical attraction just as much as emotional and personality attraction. to ignore one whole facet just because you want to seem "deep" is patronizing. you don't get to decide what other people value in their relationships just because you are able to look past scar tissue and a flat chest.  would i care if my wife wanted to remove her breasts? no. she actually wants to get breast enhancement surgery to correct the damage done by being a mother and having breast fed. it is something that she wants to do to make herself feel better.  however, i would be severely pissed off if she went and had surgery without at least talking it through with me. consider that this surgery that the op (and my wife) want are elective cosmetic surgeries. it's unlikely you will find insurance that will pay for it. that means it's incredibly expensive and could put me (or the op's significant other) in a tight financial spot that could damage our relationship. money is the root of all evil, as they say, and more relationships crumble because of money woes than anything else. surgery is dangerous. they'd have to put the op under for this. anesthesia is not just something that's good for your body. cutting on the body is potentially dangerous. even though the chances of complications are low it's still a possibility that something bad could happen as a result.  not everything is about pleasure vs pain. there are real concerns that need to be addressed. it's not as black and white as you'd like to believe.
t3_z02bh-t3_z02bh-c60f1k4	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	sweetness, i don't have experience with this cancer, but have lots of experience with the brain fog. i had breast cancer with mets to the brain. over the years i've had whole head radiation and gamma knife surgery.   as for losing his memories, i don't specifically know what you mean by that.   my grandmother is dying of alzheimer's. we made it a point of going through the [story corp](http://storycorps.org/record-your-story/question-generator/list/) questions and getting her to answer either on video or just audio with our iphones.   her history wasn't lost and now we have something to prompt her with.  i know it's not the same thing, but just asking the questions made a big deal.  hugs.
t3_4y9xxx-t3_4y9xxx-d6wopgm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	breast cancer (i think it spread to the lungs) killed my grandma in 2002 (in alaska, not michigan).  she had a house that was right on the iditarod dog sled race path in anchorage and ran her own little library and tried to help native americans in alaska. she actually worked as a librarian and traveled a lot after she was retired.  i traveled to new zealand in 2004, a couple years after she died and met some old people (i think her cousins?) who she stayed with years prior. they pulled out photos from the closet of me and my siblings when we were little.  i went on to travel and live abroad several times and it's a bummer she never got to see any of it.  but hey, while she was alive, she encouraged and helped us to learn, read, and explore.  she was a pretty negligent mom to my mom but an awesome grandma.
t3_ebzsi-t3_ebzsi-c16xwzo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6734	sorry to hear that man.   i lost my mum to breast cancer a couple of years ago. it's going to be hard, and there's no getting around that.  my mother was living with the disease for some time before she finally succumbed to it, but when the end came it was quite quick. my dad kept her comfortable with plenty of pain killers, and she just faded away over the space of a couple of months.  before that, she was depressed.... and that was the most difficult thing for my family as a whole to deal with. she loved us so much that it was practically spilling out of her. it is this love which caused her to be so sad when faced with her terminal illness... as she realised she wouldn't be around to see my sister and me grow up and have our own families. at the time i was angry with her for not being able to face death with more courage... but as i've grown up a little more myself, i regret this massively. when she was at her lowest, and in something of a state of nihilistic apathy,  i sat her down and explained that love of all forms is always worthwhile, no matter what, even though we all die and even though relationships and end in other ways too. hard lessons to have to teach your own mother, but it kept her going.  advice: legal and financial stuff can wait. do not worry about it. do all you can to reassure your father (if they're still together) that it will all be ok, and that you'll take care of it when the time comes. just put it all out of your minds for now.  emotional stuff: try be strong without seeming callous. it's as important that you're there for the rest of your family as it is that you're there for your mother. if she sees that you have each other, this will be reassuring.   one of the hardest things that you'll deal with is the fact that the morphine/diamorph/fentanyl will make her sleepy. once the end comes you won’t be able to have last words, as she’ll be drugged up (or at least she should be). be ready for that, and know that it’s best for her.  bottom line: make sure she knows you love her, look after the rest of your family, and do everything you can to make the end of her life as happy as it can be. but you knew that.   also... if there's anything at all i can do, p.m me.
t3_1yi5xs-t3_1yi5xs-cfl0wci	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8297	i'm bald.  i pass better when i wear a hat - like my cute knit one i wear in the winter.    but you never know...  the other day i took my 6th class to a museum for a visit.  i always dress tomboy, and that day i wasn't even wearing any heel.  a lady came up to me a said "breast cancer?".  i looked at her and understood that she thought i had lost my hair due to breast cancer - and i understood that she thought i was a woman.  i told her no, that i simply shave my head by choice (i actually had male pattern baldness and have a micro pigmentation tattoo to look like stubble).  i asked if she was a survivor, she said yes and showed me a couple of cool wrist bands she wore because of it.  i did tell her i had just gone through treatment for skin cancer, so she gave me a band.  we chatted a bit more then gave each other a big hug.  i realized that i often don't know if i pass or not, and that whether i pass or not depends a lot on who is looking at me.  for example, whenever i go to home depot i am gendered female...my local grocery store - i get sir'd.  i can go directly from one the other, without changing a thing.
t3_46e1wp-t1_d04kgu5-d070ry8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you for your response. it helped to organise our thoughts prior to the appointment and it was reassuring to hear the same thing from multiple people re: brca.  (the hospital she's attending was part of a scandal regarding breast cancer care recently, so i'm trying to get outside confirmation of everything she's told to help her remain confident in her treatment. her doc actually turned out to be one of the original whistleblowers, which was comforting.)
t3_4lseo2-t3_4lseo2-d3qhwns	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5579	i know this is late. i had breast cancer and a mastectomy on my right side. dr. ned snyder is fantastic, he fixed my breasts and after all was said and done his wife's a dermatologist in the same building and they gave me a complimentary facial. it was wonderful considering the circumstances. hang in there,  friend. :)
t3_3594vv-t1_cr26orq-cr27bzp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6006	you should get it checked, but a fantastic doc i had years ago told me breast cancer rarely causes pain.  the culprit he sees most commonly causing breast pain?  too much caffeine.  it certainly was true for me.   but still, you should have it checked.  at least it would give you peace of mind, if you knew it was only a cyst.
t3_1p029w-t3_1p029w-ccxk054	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi, i was diagnosed with breast cancer christmas eve last year. i've had surgery, chemo &amp; radiation treatment; my children are 10 &amp; 12.   for me.. i didn't want my children to see me suffer, i wanted their lives to be as unaffected by me as possible ( which was of course impossible). but i also carry a huge amount of guilt for not being able to do the things ( cook, clean,wash) that i'd done for them their whole lives. cancer/treatment really screws up your brain, i had lots of times when i just wanted to be left alone, i'd cry, i'd sleep for days and still be incredibly tired. now i've only been dealing with it for 11 months, i can't contemplate 9 years. just remember that your mother loves you, and just as you don't know what to do, chances are if she's like me, she doesn't know either, she's just trying to get through the day, hoping she'll feel a bit better tomorrow. keep making her smile. sending lots of love your way.
t3_21n03p-t3_21n03p-cgepb27	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cancerous cells are usually more radiosensitive than healthy tissue. therefore when hit with a beam of radiation cell death is induced in the cancerous tissue. this cell death occurs due to dna damage, either killing it or affecting that particular cells ability to reproduce. some tumours are less susceptible to radiotherapy treatment and thus drugs may be given in conjunction such as temozolomide which is a radiosensitizer. this is mainly used in glioma's but not all cases.  although radiation is devastating to cancerous cells it does have an effect on healthy tissue as well, it is after all a penetrating beam an will pass through the body in a straight line. however during treatment planning a lot of care is taken to minimise exposure to healthy organs. radiotherapy treatment occurs in fractions-these being a total prescribed dose broken down over a series of days. radiation has a build up effect which allows this happen, giving healthy tissues a chance to recover. a typical dose for a breast treatment is around 45gy in 20#. although this can differ according to country, centre, tumour type, consultant, current research. this exposure would give just over 2gy a day of radiation to the patient. because of the build up effect it would take a little time to see any side effects. commonly redness of the skin will occur after 20gy or around 10days of treatment. the skin can break down more after this, but will repair itself. unfortunately depending on the treatment site some organs such as salivary glands may exposed and permanently damaged, but it is balance against tumour control. there is an increased risk of secondary cancer following radiotherapy, but it isnt excessively common and if you're reading this, and facing treatment speak to your oncologist.
t3_1rrtrq-t3_1rrtrq-cdqd44s	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had breast cancer when i was in high school. my junior year was tough. my mom had her surgeries and experienced some complications which resulted in a longer hospital stay. as a result i often did my homework while sitting in her hospital room next to her bed. my grades weren't great for a bit (trying to adjust and what not), so what does she tell me? "that's no excuse. do your homework to take your mind off it." yeah...lemme just ignore my mother with cancer, chemo, and chest tube. i'm sure the grapes of wrath will take my mind off my suffering...
t3_10gf5q-t3_10gf5q-c6dd8d8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6603	up toked, i have been planning and will be moving to colorado one day, and i will support this the best i can in the meantime!!!  edit: yeah i forgot to add when my mother was going through breast cancer treatments she would always feel really bad asking me for trees. she thought i would always get caught, and for the longest time would outright refuse to let me get her some. she is a surviver thankfully and she would have been much better off if she was able to get her medicine with a card a local store. it would have saved her the stress of worrying about her son when she only needed to be worrying about getting better.
t3_2vhzr7-t3_2vhzr7-coi9j53	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	27/f here. in college i was convinced i had ovarian cancer or breast cancer. i would palpate my skin until i was bruised, but id freak out about the bruises and think i had leukemia. i've had terrible fears of diabetes, ms, brain cancer, stroke, heart attack, etc. if i get a fever i'm terrified it'll get too high and i'll have a seizure. the list is endless. but you know what? i'm alive. i'm healthy, my heart is healthy. i'm on lexapro which helps a ton. i'll be seeing a therapist in two weeks for cbt and it's going to be okay.
t3_46uxon-t3_46uxon-d08eb3b	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a similar case of metastatic breast cancer that was diagnosed early, but was treated with vitamins and a garlic clove wrapped in a banana leaf that was placed in a small hole in their calf.
t3_1ibq29-t3_1ibq29-cb2x2r9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my older sister convinced me that i had breast cancer when i was just developing. i believed her right away and went to my mom crying. my mom had to take me to the doctor for me to believe that i was ok.
t3_4d94vt-t3_4d94vt-d1ovhcw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.655	i hope i'm doing this right... i'm crim. i was diagnosed with breast cancer on march 11 at 31 years old, and am awaiting surgery (double mastectomy).  my highs this week: we had our first ever family photos today. we've never had professional photos done, and it was very important to me to have them before my surgery.  my lows: i'm new to this journey, don't know my stage yet, and haven't started any treatment yet as i'm waiting for my plastics team to schedule my surgery(i'm meeting him on wednesday). my anxiety is at 11.
t3_ebzsi-t3_ebzsi-c16yrfa	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7501	you've described almost word-for-word what my husband went through with his mom nine years ago. she was diagnosed with breast cancer the month before our wedding in '99, and held off starting chemo until the week after. the cancer was seemingly in remission for two years until they found out it had spread to her lungs. that was in july, and she passed away in october. she spent her last three weeks in hospital-based hospice; we were very fortunate that they were able to keep her not only comfortable but relatively alert, and we were able to spend valuable time with her right up until the day she died.   one thing that i am so, so thankful she did before she passed was take me through her house and tell me the story behind many of her trinkets and photos. even my husband didn't realize that the antique photos were of his great-great-grandparents, or that the silver ring in her jewelry box was her grandmother's engagement ring (which i decided to wear as my wedding ring after she passed). my two kids, both of whom were born in the years since, now have a connection to their grandmother and her ancestors through the 3 generations of mementos that i know the history behind. i will never, ever forget the day she and i spent, and even though it was one of the most difficult experiences of my life, it has forever bonded me to her.  also, one quick word of advice: don't be afraid to ask for space when you need it. go for solitary walks, take breaks from hospital vigils to get a few hours sleep in your own bed or a meal that doesn't consist of crappy hospital pudding, go catch a movie with friends. at the time it may feel selfish, but you need to take care of your own physical body and peace of mind. take care...
t3_3gz20v-t1_cu2swy1-cu2xxuo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5063	not op, but married at 22 to my 21 y/o wife. why? that's a complex question.  when we got together, she was finishing up with school to become a physical therapist's assistant. i was already in a career (technology) with pretty much no schooling (lots of experience gets around most degree requirements). she started in her field and everything was awesome. tbh, from the beginning i knew we were going to be long term. it seemed like everyone knew it even before we got together... she had proposed the idea of going back to school not long after she got into her field. it wasn't all she thought it was going to be. not because she didn't enjoy it, but because she didn't want to continue being an assistant. she was helping people, but not as much as she'd like. so she proposed the idea of going back to school to become a physical therapist. cool, she has drive, has something she wants to do. she applied and got tons of scholarships and grants, and with it, she basically gets school paid for. she'd be stupid if she didn't take it. it was about this time that i found out my mom's breast cancer had returned. she fought it eons ago, and put it into remission. unfortunately, they don't think they'll be able to do the same thing again this time. her and my dad split up years ago. my sister's out of state in school. i don't know if you've seen what chemo does to people, but it really takes you out. and she was going on it once every other week to try and just keep the cancer maintained where its at. so, i made the decision that i needed to go and help. and i'm glad i did. after chemo, she's down for about a week. that gives her a few good days in between treatments, but not a lot... but what really solidified for me that we were in it for the long term? she insisted she come and help, too. she made sure my mom was okay with her moving in, too, and we went on the venture together. we were 20 when that happened. she started working part time and went back to school. but there's something we didn't really think about, part time = no benefits. she had income, so she didn't qualify for any aid with insurance. and we found that out when she got pneumonia and had to go to the hospital. thankfully, the hospital worked with us and we were able to get it paid off fairly quickly. but that really solidified it for me. i saved, got a ring, and proposed at 21. at 22, we were married. she was added as a dependent, thrown on my insurance plan, and stuff's going well still.  there's a lot that went into my decision to get married young. there was a lot of growing up we did over a very short amount of time. being forced to work full time while taking care of a dying parent is tough, and really forces you into that "adult" mindset. and that's just it, i was forced into it. she chose to accompany me. then watching her get so sick with pneumonia and get a huge hospital bill for it. those were the big events that really pushed me into marrying the girl. but like i said, from the beginning, i knew it'd happen eventually. and so did everyone around us.  to op: the best advice i can give you? learn how you two fight. because you will fight. you will disagree. and you will get on each other's nerves. promise, it'll happen. and knowing how both of you react is key to resolving it. i know that i distance myself from the situation until i can discuss it calmly, and she likes to hash it out then and there. her knowing that i'm not ignoring her or the issue saves us a lot of trouble. me knowing that her being emotional isn't necessarily at me, but the situation is key. and above all, knowing that we still love each other trumps it all.   i'm pretty sure my mom gave me the best advice i could have gotten when we got married. "let bygones be bygones."  sorry for the wall of text. started typing and guess i had more to say than i thought. hah.
t3_1dygv6-t3_1dygv6-c9v47j4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you are the scum of the earth. fucking pathetic piece of shit you are. normally i don't get this mad on here but i've seen my friend battle brain cancer, my friends' mother die of breast cancer, my grandmother die of lung cancer, my grandpa die of colon cancer, my father have to be constantly checked for colon cancer along with myself and i have had numerous breast cancer scares. how dare you, you piece of shit.
t3_2pueax-t3_2pueax-cn0o2oc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6737	i also have very large boobs and am considering getting them reduced, however i have a pretty good chance that the breast cancer fairy will be sprinkling me with her fairy dust. did you speak with you doctor about possibly removing all breast tissue so your chances for it are reduced? and possibly having implants put in? i'm not sure if tha'ts an option but i'd like it to be :) good luck with everything!
t3_25okig-t3_25okig-chj7c3k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	[image](http://imgs.xkcd.com/comics/lanes.png)  **title:** lanes  **transcript:** ((the panels are arranged top to bottom.  the first is set above a larger image.))  person: so, are you guys out of the woods?  second person: we don't know.  person: well, did the treatment work?  second person: we don't know.    [[the diagram shows a simple highway.  starting at the bottom, with diagnosis for five lanes, the road travels through a cloud of treatment, after which two lanes disappear, and three continue.  later on, there's another offramp labeled 'cancer "comes back"', which loops back into the treatment cloud.  otherwise, the highway enters a later cloud called survive.]]  i always assumed that when you got cancer, they gave you a prognosis, then treated you, and at the end of treatment either you beat it or you died.  and i knew sometimes it "recurred," which i assumed meant back to square one.  but that's turned out not to be quite right.    [[back to the two people.]]  second person: once most cancers spread out into your body, they're incurable.  second person: if your 10-year prognosis is 60%, that means a 40% chance that some cancer will slip past the treatment and get out.    second person: so they kill all the cancer they can find, and then you're a "survivor."  but your odds are still 60%.    [[the frame zooms just to show the second person.]]  second person: they can't scan for individual cancer cells.  the only way to know if it worked is to wait for tumors to pop up elsewhere.  second person: if you go enough years without that happening then you were in the 60%.    [[the frame shows both people again.]]  second person: and often the first sign is a cough or bone pain.  second person: so you spend the next five or ten years trying not to worry that every ache and pain is the answer to the question "do i make it?"    ((there's an extra large panel, with a small one floating inside it.))  [[the panel shows roughly fifty lanes emerging from the cloud of 'treatment'.  signs show 1 year, 2 years, 3 years, 4 years, 5 years, 6 years.  lanes branch off and fade into darkness earlier on the right, with some lanes continuing off the top of the panel.]]    ((inset panel.))  person: man.  person: fuck cancer.  second person:   seriously.      **title-text:** each quarter of the lanes from left to right correspond loosely to breast cancer stages one through four (at diagnosis).  [comic explanation](http://www.explainxkcd.com/wiki/index.php?title=931#explanation)  **stats:** this comic has been referenced 36 time(s), representing 0.1787% of referenced xkcds.  --- ^[xkcd.com](http://www.xkcd.com) ^| ^[xkcd sub](http://www.reddit.com/r/xkcdcomic/)/[kerfuffle](http://www.reddit.com/r/self/comments/1xdwba/the_history_of_the_rxkcd_kerfuffle/) ^| ^[problems/bugs?](http://www.reddit.com/r/xkcd_transcriber/) ^| ^[statistics](http://xkcdref.info/statistics/) ^| ^[stop replying](http://reddit.com/message/compose/?to=xkcd_transcriber&amp;subject=ignore%20me&amp;message=ignore%20me)
t3_2u6weh-t1_co5noan-co5p9ci	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	another transwomen popping in for this.  the main issue is blood-clots which we have a riskier risk of, its something i have to be careful of.  the hormones also put a lot of pressure on the organs like the kidney's and liver as they go through them. we have to be careful about not damaging our liver like and alcoholic would lol.   we also get low-blood pressure as a result of the hormones and all that entails.   finally we have increased risks of cancer on whatever body part is growing with the hormones, like i have an increased risk of breast cancer now.  all in all though, they aren't much dangerous than other prescriptions, just read the fine print on your meds lol, or heck what you can find on the shelf (cigs, alcohol).
t3_2nkb56-t3_2nkb56-cmei9ms	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree that the general people have access to more information now, but i also think we're at a stage where most people don't know what to do with it and are still relying on their knee-jerk reactions to things.  we fear opening our eyes *all the way*. opening our eyes to what amounts to a farmer-livestock sort of society. people still want to be materialistic and to 'have it all'. they want to 'be normal' and 'fit in'. these are natural human instincts and we're raised to fear going against these instincts. from primary school and up, we're instilled with fears of going against the grain and praised for wanting money and living the ideal life as defined by society.  while i think it's great that we're 'calling bs', it's not the first time (look at the 60s), and we're handling it just as badly as we always have.   knowledge =/= wisdom  knowledge can be flawed. it can be lies. it can withhold parts of the truth. it can be clouded by judgments and prejudices. knowledge gets us the ferguson riots/protests.   wisdom would have gotten **peaceful** protest focused less on 'racism' and more on dismantling the militarized nature and training of the police force (that 'shoot at first whiff of danger' thing has got to go) as well as working to bring those areas where "the 'thug-life' is the only life" out of the situations that perpetuate that lifestyle.  there's also this terrible 'internet-culture' where calling people out and 'talking about it' somehow makes people feel like they've done something. we can talk all day people, but until we take some sort of action, it's just words on an internet forum... don't get me wrong. talking has to happen, but breast cancer 'awareness' doesn't cure breast cancer. talking about feminism and posting hashtags on twitter isn't going to solve any problems.  i have faith that we'll figure it out, but i think a bigger 'eye-opening' needs to happen first. we need to put our entire society in perspective. our social, economic, and political structures as **a whole** and really take a look at what the problems are. we're working 'within the system' and we can't seem to look past it. 'the system' is not within the best interests of your freedom and well-being, and we've been contractually bound to it since your parents signed your 'birth certificate'.  we fear looking past it, because god be damned, this 'democracy' thing must be the best thing since sliced bread and if the us can go 'round the world and bring everyone that brand of 'democracy', there can't possibly be another way we can structure the world. that's what they want you to think, because it keeps them in a position of power. take the blinders off and you realize that we're trapped, and not much freer than even the most oppressed nations. we have our own problems, and they move far beyond (dare i say it?) petty issues such as racism and feminism. yes, they're things we need to work out, but we have bigger fish to fry. we just refuse to see it and to work toward fixing it because we've been trained to fear it since we could walk.   anyway, /rant. i'm sure i'm on some government watch list now, but it needs to be said.
t3_ss5cd-t1_c4gjibe-c4gk7sl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the fact that a woman can have cancer for nine years, know about it but through a combination of regressive employer practices, gross misallocation of existing healthcare resources and what seems to be outright mistrust of medical professionals has been unable and possibly even unwilling to seek attention for it. why is it that in 2012 a woman can have her breast fall off, be made to wait for hours in an er and then die two years later of something that they could have treated her for when she discovered it nine years ago at a lower cost to the system, the state, the woman's health and livelihood as well as her family.  the fact that the poor are almost forced into choosing a fucking complete mastectomy because they can't take fifteen minutes a day to get some chemotherapy due to ass backwards employment practices.   why is it that the entire country isn't in an uproar, how do people know this goes on, do nothing about it and still are able to look into the mirror and see what they think is a decent human being? a system that allows this is an embarrassment.
t3_32363p-t3_32363p-cq7o00g	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6751	the er is not the place for routine medical care. a day of not keeping food or liquid down is most probably not an emergent situation. dehydration is certainly a concern, but if triage did not find such a problem, the person is going to be placed low on the totem pole.   this seems a management situation. no hospital/business wants rude employees. talking to management may help the hospital improve employee interaction with patients. at the same time, i agree with /u/sagittariaknows there may be a bit of an attitude problem and the nurse may tell an entirely different story about events than you.  i get where you are coming from. the person you love who is pregnant with your child is in substantial distress and you want to "fix" it and make things better. you have some knowledge of what would help from previous events and are doing your best to get that help. but, those who have provided the service in the past are not going along with the program. i suspect interactions went down hill from there.   while we always expect nurses to have that plastic smile on at all times, days get hard for everyone and such feigned pleasantness is not always easy to accomplish. in the future, find the decision-maker, assert your case, and then let the process play out. that's all you can really do.  on a personal note, i have some like experience. my wife had breast cancer that had gone to her brain. [after much stuff.] sometimes pressure would build up and uncontrollable nausea would occur for days. once i took her into the er to control the vomiting and a technician came in to draw blood from her port-a-cath. he clearly had little experience with how to do it and the attempts were painful to watch. the digging and the twisting and the tears on my wife's face, who had been such a trooper through everything, from the pain finally snapped my gasket. i went into the central area and in a not-yelling but quite commanding voice said, "is there anyone here who knows how to draw blood from a cath? as the person you sent certainly has no fucking idea."   everything stopped and dozens of nurses and doctors looked and focused at me. i held up my hands and said, "i know." (indicating i knew that such an outburst was not going to be tolerated in the er.) and then left the er to wait in the waiting room. as i left, i saw multiple nurses head to my wife's room later to find out the problem was quickly solved.
t3_3he9zi-t1_cu70qt1-cu73tvz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we call that scanziety here and it is the worst. hope for all the best and know that most kids with cancer best it and your friends and family are praying and medical staff will do everything and everything to beat that breast and they usually win.  praying for all the best.
t3_3vior0-t3_3vior0-cxo36y7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not sure how you're defining "progress", but to respond to a lot of the complaints people are making here about charitable spending:  there are some terrifically effective treatments for breast cancer, but they're all much more effective (and manageable) **the sooner you spot the disease**. when you don't realize that you're sick until after it has progressed further, the treatment options are more limited (and harder to endure).   for a while now, we've reached diminishing returns on what additional research funding can do. there's already so much money dedicated to studying the disease and we're covering so many potential leads on treatment that there's a good case to be made that a better use of money would be to increase awareness of the disease and try to get women to be more aware of the signs **so we spot the disease sooner**.   to put some figures on it (just for the sake of explanation, i don't have up to date figures on this): let's say the success rate of treating stage 1 cancer is 90 percent, stage 2 is 80 percent, and stage 3 is 50 percent. let's also say that every year, 1 million women are diagnosed with each stage of cancer (just to keep the numbers simple, because eli5), and you run a breast cancer charity with $10m in funds to distribute.   you've got two options for the year: one research team says they have a potential new treatment that in 5 years, if it pans out (which is a big if), will increase the success of stage 3 treatment from 50 percent to 51 percent, which would save 5,000 lives a year. there's also an option for a big awareness campaign that for the same price will get a lot of women doing self-exams and taking better care of themselves, and you can predict that 10 percent of women who spotted the disease in stage 3 will now spot it in stage 1. with the better treatment available, you'll save 40,000 lives a year.   we can haggle about numbers all day (certainly at some point there's a diminishing return on investment for media/awareness spending), but this is the basic reasoning behind a lot of the spending that reddit usually gets into a fit over.
t3_1a7loe-t1_c8vggp8-c8vt0bd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	our cancer survival rate is higher in certain cancers (lung and breast especially if i remember correctly), in others it's roughly on par. i'm not sure what the cause is to be honest. i would point out, however, that most european nations have a longer expected lifespan (though that might be due to our obesity epidemic and subsequent health complications). still.  single payer, universal coverage nations have their flaws. one that concerns me most is lack of investment in research for new treatments/drugs. it's a problem, and one i think we need to address before we move to such a system. but i do have to disagree about availability of care. my parents are in france right now for a year (dad's working over there). my mother's illness flared up, and she went to a clinic there. she was treated promptly and stayed two nights, with no pressure to leave (unlike here, where we had to fucking fight the hospital to let her stay and only my father screaming in the lobby worked). anecdotal evidence sure, but it meshes with a lot of stories european/canadian/australian redditors post.  regarding your point about taxation, i'm assuming you already pay taxes? it's a basic part of the social contract that defines our society. i agree that it sucks, and it absolutely should be kept as minimal as possible, especially in areas where government just fucks things up. the problem is that i believe healthcare is one area where government must have a role for a variety of reasons: lack of free choice, lack of information for consumers being the two most important ones. i also believe in it from a human rights perspective: people have a basic right to life, and i hold healthcare to be essential to that.   as for states, again, meh. i just don't think any of our representatives right now actually give a shit about us, whether it's in austin (boston for me) or washington d.c. it's like picking between one turd and another. there's also the issue of inter-state commerce and how complicated that gets in healthcare, especially if 50 states have 50 plans.  i am very sorry about your mother. my grandmother had a brush with skin cancer, and it was a terrifying 24 hours while we waited to find out if it had spread to her lymph nodes. fuck cancer and the horse it rode on. good luck to her!  edit: also i'm sorry you've been downvoted, your post contributes to the discussion even if people disagree
t3_dtvta-t3_dtvta-c12vbi6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i suppose the author would rather people do *nothing* to raise money for breast cancer. no, a pink ribbon doesn't cure the disease but when people buy pink products, a portion of the proceeds usually goes directly to breast cancer research. i have a friend who died of breast cancer two years ago and each year, me and a bunch of other people who knew her get together and do the walk/run for breast cancer. we sell pink bracelets, pink ribbons...all in an effort to raise money. this year we raised over $11,000 for breast cancer research. i know it's not a cure but this is how we choose to remember my friend. we couldn't help her but maybe down the road we'll make a little bit of a difference to some other friend, wife and mother.   they have come a long way in treating breast cancer and it is not always the death sentence it once was thought to be and that is due in a large part to the enormous attention it has received. so yeah, the awareness matters.
t3_3id5vr-t1_cufg8c4-cufx48s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a lot of breast cancer in my family. i avoid gmos generally because many are modified so they will tolerate a higher pesticide load. i like shopping where i can find lower cancer causing stuff in my food more easily.
t3_34jevd-t1_cqvmi2p-cqvzuf4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6824	some of the less common cancers do lack funding. i had inflammatory breast cancer. when you donate to the komen fund they donate to awareness not really much research and it doesn't go to the more complex breast cancers.   stage 4 breast cancer doesn't get funded nearly enough because it's assumed they're dying. however, many are surviving longer and longer. shouldn't we find out why and what can be done to save more lives?  that's where they lack funding.
t3_43tkwx-t3_43tkwx-czkug3h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yea i had a student in my class die from a rare cancer. i had my biology teacher die from breast cancer and my friend who i met from highschool died 7 months ago.
t3_41622u-t1_cyzwgef-cyzxwcu	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i always thought cancer and chemo made you lose weight, but that's not always true. i had an acquaintance who developed agressive breast cancer. in less than 3years she had gained a good 150lbs and was dead. i think it's a 'i'm going to die, i will do whatever i want' attitude. (not that i necessarily blame them)
t3_49zphf-t3_49zphf-d0wcelb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8055	i'm not as eager as others to assume your girlfriend lied for attention.  it's possible, but another possibility is that she is freaked out about her aunt's cancer, which is this horrible terrible thing.  and now, while she's already pretty devastated about her aunt, she's thinking "oh no, what if she has the gene?" and "if she has the gene, then what if i have the gene?" and "what if i have the gene, and i have to get a preventative mastectomy?" and "what if i have to get a preventative mastectomy but i can't because of insurance companies?"  my aunt died of breast cancer when i was young, and those are all definitely things that i thought about, and started freaking out about, when i started a job with a health plan that covered that genetic testing.  but then i started freaking out about, how do i ask my mom about that?  how do you tell somebody you love "hey, by the way, i've got some questions about your dead sister because i'm worried that you and i might both die from the same thing?"  you feel so alone.  i agonized about it and cried about it a lot before deciding "you're freaking out over nothing, your mom gets mammograms, she'll talk about it with her doctor, just forget about it."  a year later, she came up to me and was like "oh btw i got tested and we're fine," and it was such a relief.  but i never told anyone, because, like, how do you explain to a partner who loves your boobs that you're freaking out because you might have to chop off your boobs but you don't want to chop off your boobs and you might not even be allowed to chop off your boobs for insurance reasons and you don't know if you want to find out or not and you don't want to have that conversation with your mother and it all just seems like too much?  i dealt with that by just not telling anybody and crying in my car, but i can certainly imagine a scenario where a different person could have lied, just to have somebody to talk through it with.  tl; dr: talk to her.  if her lying bothers you enough to dump her, go for it.  you're well within your rights to.  but there might be an explanation that is more like a bad choice of a sad person than a calculated mistake from a sociopath, and you'll only know which by talking it through with her.
t3_42qppf-t3_42qppf-czcixby	breast_cancer	relevant	0.598	i wish i could give you a big high five right now. i lost my mom earlier this month to breast cancer and one thing i learned for her fight is that beating isn't necessarily about beating it medically. beating it is also by not letting it break you mentally, emotionally, or spiritually. it almost brought me to tears seeing your smile, to me you are winning by just smiling and fighting. i truly hope, wish, and pray that you are rid of that shit forever!   sorry for rambling but i just wanted to leave you with this quote. it was a quote my mom loved and helped get through her first fight:  "cancer can take away all of my physical abilities. it cannot touch my mind, it cannot touch my heart, and it cannot touch my soul. . . don't give up. don't ever give up."  -jim valvano
t3_44fcrz-t3_44fcrz-czskwoj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5041	not sure if it was something i manifested or just luck, but last week i dodged the breast cancer bullet. i found a lump which was of course terrifying. spoke to my doc who said that it could be a number of things and to get a mammogram and sonar done.  the whole week i concentrated on it been a cyst, the easiest of the 5things the doc had mentioned to cure. i finally got an appointment for the scan four days later. they did the scan and the doc told me that it was a cyst with inflammation surrounding it making it feel much bigger and that i am completely healthy otherwise :) she removed it there and then quickly and easily! so so relieved!
t3_3vgalr-t1_cxngl2n-cxnskuo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	endo is a disease but i believe it should be way more funded because there is just to many unknowns. i just read that it can spread to the brain. (going to be honest here and state that endo  is heavily in my family and i have it as well, which is why i even know about. i had read also that breast cancer is only looked at for women and not men. if that is the case and the org just wants more women's diseases/cancer to be looked at, than they should spread the wealth to every and all women illnesses.
t3_1d1n4x-t1_c9mas5h-c9mbixh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lol i hear england has retarded regulations, i passed my first try just because i was careful and she took me through a easy neighbourhood.   my father (an audi tech) wanted my first to be a goodie but a oldie so i learn to fix one up and bought a '85 audi 4000s for me. gave me 1000 to fix it as it needed parts to get it start, i then saved up all my money after taking apart the engine ans realizing it had a seize block. dropped a rb26 (nissan) engine in it and later sold the audi for 20k. with that money i bought the mk4 jetta i have now and saved for a down payment on a shop i wanted to run in the future.  my father is a great man but is fighting his 3rd time at cancer, the whole family is riddled with it. two aunties fighting breast cancer and another died from it after coming back 5 times. grandpa died a couple months before my birth from cancer after surviving in the navy for wwii and korea, he was a rear admiral in his final days.   i can't thank them enough for how they raised me (mt grams raised my dad the way my dad raised me).  i'm sure your grandad knows why you got the tattoo and doesn't mind it in the least.  have a good day mate.  p.s. that lupo is sweet haha compact small reliable cars they are.
t3_1biwo7-t1_c975hpu-c978rpr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	breast cancer receives more than double the federal funding of prostate cancer.  i highy doubt your assertion that it is "on par publicity wise."  i have seen dozens of these breast cancer runs, walks, marches, etc., and yet i have seen no public events for prostate cancer.  and i don't live in a cave - i live in seattle, and lived for several years in nyc.
t3_8htg3-t1_c09c8cp-c09ccld	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; if i wasn't in the rap game i'd probably have a key knee deep in the crack game because the streets is a short stop either you're slingin crack rock or you got a wicked jumpshot shit, it's hard being young from the slums eatin five cent gums not knowin where your meals comin from and now the shit's gettin crazier and major kids younger than me, they got the sky grand pagers goin outta town, blowin up six months later all the dead bodies showin up it make me wanna grab the nine and the shottie but i gotta go identify the body damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts? everytime i turn around a nigga gettin took out shit, my momma got cancer in her breast don't ask me why i'm motherfuckin stressed, things done changed
t3_2fnpvv-t1_ckbdo7r-ckbe5tp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there is a test you can have done at your gp, which determines if you have the "breast cancer gene" i think. blood test, very simple procedure. i had it done since breast cancer runs in my family too, on my mother's side, and thank christ i do not have the gene. doesn't mean i can't still get cancer, but i have more peace of mind now that i know the odds are not extraordinarily skewed against me.
t3_1fmzf7-t3_1fmzf7-cabytc2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so... i'm actually going in for a consult with a surgical oncologist this afternoon.  they think i have breast cancer.  i don't have *any* lumps, but i've had some skin issues for the past few months.  i thought it was eczema or an infection... it's not, apparently.  or if it is, it's some bizarre tropical disease i've never heard of, because *nothing* has helped a bit.    i don't have any lumps.  any.  i have a couple areas of fibrous tissue but they're small and haven't changed.  no lumps.  and yet i'm going to talk to a cancer surgeon.    like others have noted, it's not necessarily a *lump*, but changes.   if you notice that stuff looks funny, if it's swollen up, if you see new bumps or ridges on your areola, your nipple inverts or swells up, your boobs feel really heavy/swollen and it's not just because you're about to start your period... anything.  just get your ass to the ob and have an exam.  worst case, you feel a little silly.  best case, you get medical help *fast* when something isn't right.    so really, do your self-exams, but don't just look for lumps.  pay attention to other stuff, too.  skin changes, pain, weird feelings, discharge... and if it doesn't feel right, speak up.  you know your boobs better than anyone else.
t3_4qtvli-t3_4qtvli-d4w9e2q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7485	people are stupid and rude about germs.   my grandma as dying of breast cancer and contracted mrsa...in her lungs. that was the last straw before calling hospice.  in a single day, she went from being in quarantine in the hospital to the spare room of my aunt's house.    i'm immunocompromised.   my aunts, uncles and cousins all converged on the house. i declined, and told them that with my sub-standard immune system, i really couldn't risk aspirating mrsa.   they guilted me into stopping by once. my grandma was coughing up sputum and my cousin was wiping it with a tissue. at one point, grandma coughed so hard that she spilled her tea.   my cousin instinctively shoved everything she was holding, including the tissue with my grandmother's mrsa infected mucous, right into my hands while she cleaned up the spilled tea.   i ended up with double pneumonia and pericarditis but thankfully it wasn't mrsa.
t3_qdze8-t1_c3wxxkl-c3xi7hl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	and flaginkles now has no comment karma. to zidane: best of luck! i'll keep you in my prayers. i once had a scare with cancer when i was 17. doctors thought i had breast cancer and during that time i did a lot of research, so if you ever want to talk i'm here for you! i don't think i know as much as needanewname (he seems like a smart cookie :)) but i'm still here for you! one day at a time is all i can say. you've got tons of support from us here at reddit, so please don't ever feel you're in this battle alone!
t3_216vr6-t1_cgalyie-cgavw53	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wish you all the best.  my wife and i had peace, affection and trust when we learned this lesson.  it took us a while but once we put this into practice, both of us, it was wedded bliss.  when there was conflict we both immediately thought, "how am i contributing to the friction and how can we resolve this fairly?"  it is amazingly simple.  unfortunately she was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2003 and passed in 2007.  but for 7 or 8 years we had the best marriage i'd ever seen.  it isn't hard you just have to let go of being in charge or getting the upper hand.
t3_31yatf-t1_cq66o9j-cq6oxcz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; if mods are reading this, i am a designer so if you need my help i wont hesitate in creating the look this sub deserves  feel free to come up with an alternative. i had a cool one with breast cancer but someone complained about that it was nsfw, although it was just a figure.
t3_2exqwp-t3_2exqwp-ck43s5x	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i spent three years, from age 13 to 16, thinking i had breast cancer and was going to die because i kept finding painful lumps in my right tit. turns out i have fibrocystic breast disorder and they're completely harmless, though painful.   it was like this dark, terrifying secret i kept that just immobilized me if i allowed myself to think about it, and finding out it wasn't true was such an amazing feeling.  that said, it gave me a bit of carcinophobia, so for every pain or illness i get, the back of my head is telling me i'm dying of cancer.  edit: idk what fibrocystic *bread* disorder might be, but i don't have it.
t3_112ymz-t1_c6iuy0y-c6ixltm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	to counter venkuable, horrible diagnosis and sad bleak out look, sorry about that dude; and give you a little hope back.  september of 2011 i was diagnosed with stage three inflammatory breast cancer at the age of 30. it was discovered that i have the genetic mutation that would give me breast cancer and ovarian cancer.   i went through 10 weekly doses of the nastiest most hardcore chemotherapy. lost all my hair. a double mastectomy (boobs off) and oophorectomy (ovaries out). went through 28 treatments of radiation.   and now a year and a few days from my diagnosis i'm cancer free and in great shape. my doctor's are very happy and i'm completely healthy. i'm due to get my full reconstructive surgery next month.  and through all of this my husband stayed with me and still tells me i'm beautiful and sexy.  there have a happy thought!
t3_1npx64-t1_ccl9vqi-cclfem2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	two of them were due to being dumb as a kid.  skin cancer because she applied baby oil instead of sun screen.  it resulted in numerous basil cell carcinomas and one stage 1 melanoma.   she had a stage 3 dysplasia.  we found it and had it checked immediately.  if we had waited longer she would have had to do chemo and possibly radiation.   the breast cancer was hormonally responsive.  the first case was found when her son was right at a year old.  the on rush of estrogen during pregnancy caused it.  she's 54 now and they think the estrogen surges of menopause might have caused this.   we are doing great now.  3 clean scans and 9 months cancer free.  and she is absolutely amazing.
t3_1qtc7t-t1_cdg9q4d-cdg9u6c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one of my biggest fears was that i was rediscovering something. i spent roughly a week trying to find any algorithm that worked even relatively similar. i failed at finding one. i have tested the algorithm on breast cancer data.  my algorithm worked with 94% accuracy without any specific parameters shifting (i didn't try out many alphas, and other parameters that it has).  a naive bayesian classfier worked with only a 89% accuracy. a k-means algorithm worked with 78% accuracy. a kohonen map worked 88% accuracy. keep in mind this data contained a feature vector with a size of 30. no principal component analysis was used. my algorithm runs in o(n) time (linear time). i don't know any computer science professors. and im not sure how to approach one without looking a naive kid who is way over his head. thank you for helping me. your help is much appreciated.
t3_3vfoyr-t3_3vfoyr-cxn3cxt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm like 99% sure there's nothing *actually* there, but i guess i'll have her check it anyway. i have a nasty family history of breast cancer (a couple years ago, my aunt died of it while my mom was fighting it herself, and two of my dad's sisters have had it as well), so it definitely makes me more paranoid, but then again, it also makes it more likely. so...hyperventilation! woo!  update: doctor thinks it's fine; she noticed a bruise, i think i might have done it to myself while shoveling snow.
t3_qei9k-t1_c3x2p6h-c3x2r5f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what happens, then, if i dont have insurance and i break a leg?  or what if i suspect i have breast cancer? can i see a doctor to check up on me? what if i am already broke or in debt? what if i actually have breast cancer and i need to seek treatment?  genually curious what would happen in these situations.
t3_3a1twt-t3_3a1twt-cs8ncbw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5943	i'm not saying this might help, but reading from others stories might help you face it.  last year, my mom (50y/o) was diagnosed with breast cancer, she was in shock and wouldn't tell the family.  because she knew that once she told us, it would get "real"... i am her son by the way.  eventually we talked about this, and she told the family, from there things got clear for her, she had motherfucking breast cancer.  but what happened is that the family supported her, and she beat it, she is now recovering and planning breast repair surgery.  face it, it's hard, but you'll likely not die of it.  you have to do list, things you want to do, things you should have already done, and stick to it !  it'd be too long to explain all the shit my mom went through prior to cancer, but i know nobody as strong as she is, she fucking ran marathon !  she decided to live and fight this shit and she made it.  you'll change, trust me, as a woman you'll have to think differently about yourself, your life and your body but in the end, you'll live and grow stronger for the rest of your life.  few tips that helped my mom:  - strict diet (healthy food/anti-cancer food)  - sport  - fun time / family time / friend time  take time for yourself, gather strengh and don't let that cancer eat you up, it's physiologic and psychologic.  good luck :) best wishes from france
t3_2vbgpk-t1_cog60ol-cogzdnw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5257	i am quite curious about this as i have narcolepsy and have had a lot of surgical procedures. i find that i wake up refreshed from anesthesia in a way that i rarely do from sleep. i have also "early woken" from anesthesia twice. the first time it happened the medical team was freaking the hell out after the procedure asking if i remembered anything or was in pain. i wonder if the two things are related to my neurological condition or if it is just a coincidence. i always assumed that it was the only time i ever got deep sleep that i felt good after waking up but from your answer that wouldn't seem to be the case. i guess that would contradict my popping awake from anesthesia too. i always warn doctors now so i hasn't happened for a few years. i had breast cancer and have had a ton of reconstruction and related surgeries, just to clarify - i'm not getting in horrific accidents twice a year or anything. i do fall down a lot though ...
t3_z8h47-t3_z8h47-c62gynn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7856	i had to watch my mother die from breast cancer for over a year. the cancer eventually metastasized to basically everywhere (eyes, brain, breast, liver, kidney). she got put into the hospital for what they would discover later was a liver that  was not filtering blood but i woke up on a sunday morning ecstatic to visit her like i had every other day and my aunt's phone rings (she stayed with us so my dad could stay at the hospital). i run and get it for her and stand there while she answers it, just to see complete devastation fill her being. pretty difficult for an 11 year old to deal with. not to mention that jut over a year later, my grandmother died of cancer and 6 months after that my other grandmother died of cancer. this all happened 4  and a half years ago but just last week i learned that one of my aunts was diagnosed with brain cancer and her brother in law has lymphoma.  tl;dr **fuck cancer**
t3_1gg1on-t3_1gg1on-cajy3lq	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5106	wish nothing but the best for you and your family in this difficult time. my mother had a mastectomy last year and went through chemo, she couldn't stand the pills and the chemo took its toll. we bought  her a volcano, and her quality of life got better, she could start eating and most of all, it got her up and doing things, she even got herself a labrador puppy. you and your brother had the right idea, and to that, i give you an upvote on job well done. best wishes fellow ent.
t3_24nu2i-t3_24nu2i-ch97jat	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was securing a woman in a wheelchair into a transport vehicle for....well for transport.  i'm going to note that she was not young, she was not skinny and she was pretty far from hot.  we made small talk and i asked her where she was going.  from the time it took me to secure the rear if her wheelchair and finish with the section directly in front if her she let me know she was going in for a mastectomy to remove breast cancer.  as i stood from a kneeling position in front if her i said, "well, you know what this means, right?" she kinda looked a little hurt as though she were thinking, "yeah i know what that means, i've got fucking cancer!" but she said, "no, what's that mean?" i kinda leaned in a little closer to her and said "this means i'll have to look at your face when i'm talking to you from now on".  i gave her my best "take off your panties" look, got back in the driver's seat and drove her to where she needed to go.  she wouldn't stop smiling the whole time.
t3_3kwkrr-t1_cv1s7r3-cv1t70r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i actually had a really great experience on the pill. i take diane-35 which is specifically for acne and excessive hair growth (don't have to shave as frequently? awesome!). didn't have any crazy symptoms, but i've never had a bad experience on my period. don't even ever have cramps. i tend to break out slightly the week before my period even on this pill but it's not as bad as it was before. however, my doctor has advised me that i should consider going off of it as i have a history of breast cancer in my family and that risk increases the longer you stay on this specific pill.
t3_386mtf-t1_crt8lfu-crxv2mz	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5442	thank you for your reply... it is reassuring to hear that your pain level afterward was not extreme!  i am a bit worried about that.  i have made my decision to do the double mastectomy right off the bat and skip the lumpectomy and radiation.  i will be doing immediate reconstruction.  i'm glad you got it all out and that you are doing well!! thank you for the offer to answer questions.. i appreciate it!
t3_g2c3w-t3_g2c3w-c1kfki0	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i could tell you so many stories about healthcare here. here a little of my life:  i had breast cancer at 34 - i have had narcolespy since (no one knows why but probably likely genetic predisposition aggravated by taxol). i am seriously the multi-million dollar girl.  my first really bad episode (ie when i finally got help) i passed out on our tile deck and hit face first. i broke my nose, put my teeth through my upper lip and got a concussion.  just the hospital bill was $12,000 (i had insurance) - with the doctor and mri close to $20k. this is what i got for that: a 6 hour emergency room visit, an mri, 7-10 minutes of actual doctor time, my upper lip glued together (i had to ask for it to be washed first).  so that's crappy but the insurance paid. whatever, right?  well fast forward to the past few years. the drug i take to stay awake is called provigil. in every other country it's called modifinal. in the us i can't get the generic version so my **monthly** cost to be awake if i didn't have insurance is roughly $1260. that is just awake and not costing $20k by breaking my face. i have to fight constantly to get this drug. i have been on others but they are highly addictive and i can't function on them (and they don't work as well).  if i am not covered i buy pills at over $20 each and pick when i need to be ok. i cannot legally drive without this medicine and still it is a hassle.  another example. i am allergic to phenothiazines. i was taking compazine when i was undergoing chemo. i had a dystonic reaction. i cannot take phenothiazines (emergency room/very expensive).  last spring i started vomiting and could not stop. trip to the er. iv zofran. ok within 2 hours. i leave the hospital and go the the pharmacy to get my prescription filled. my insurance will not cover zofran - they want me to try the generic compazine or phenergan (that i'm allergic to). ok. pay out of pocket - but if i didn't have money where would i have been? inpatient local hospital.  by the way, i am perfectly ok and cancer free. i really am sick less than most people i know. i wouldn't be a huge drain on my insurance if they weren't so obstinate about giving me the medicine i need.  by the way i pay $540/mo though cobra for this privilege. yeah.
t3_1fvw90-t1_caepv4g-caepwh8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6652	haha, my baby would be so healthy.  well, on a related note, breastfeeding is great for weight loss!   i couldn't last time because i had breast cancer 6 years ago, so i only produced on one side, causing issues. but i will still try again.
t3_qei9k-t1_c3x2r5f-c3x35s1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; what happens, then, if i dont have insurance and i break a leg?  same thing that happens now - you get an x-ray, they analyze the extent of the fracture, consider the possibility of surgery, or otherwise, cast you up and send you home.  cost in materials, i don't know, 15 bucks?  cost in time, about an hour.    you get the idea.    of course, that'll run you hundreds and hundreds of dollars at a hospital these days, due to all the insane overhead costs, many of which are unnecessary for such a simple problem as a broken leg.  &gt; or what if i suspect i have breast cancer? can i see a doctor to check up on me? what if i am already broke or in debt? what if i actually have breast cancer and i need to seek treatment?  i assume you're just going to run down the whole list of medical emergencies.  any mutual aid system ultimately relies on doctors, and whoever's funding them, using their best judgment on how to handle triage with what resources they have.
t3_m0b12-t1_c2x25n0-c2x317i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, if you want to extend selfishness to some kind of all inclusive buddhist/pantheist/panentheist/pagan kind of definition, then i guess altruism would have to be selfish so long as we're aware of others.  logically speaking, empathy can't exist.  or if it did then we wouldn't be able to support the idea of the self.  i'm pretty sure david lewis talks about this when he talks about sherlock holmes and the blob.  that's because he embeds it in modal logic.  i can't remember his argument though.  aristotle also talks about this when he talks about the tragedy and catharsis.  but if you want to talk about psychology, catharsis doesn't work, it makes matters worse.  one of the things i think of when i think of empathy:  a family member dies, somebody says to you "i know how you feel."  well, you can say "thank you" and take it as some kind of sympathy, or you can say "no you fucking don't" and reject empathy.  but to say "yes, i know you understand" implies that another person knew all your ties, all your relations, and every single bit about why that person was meaningful (or not) to you.  or another case:  you develop cancer.  one of your buddies says "i know how you must feel, my mother had cancer."  well, yeah, the mother had cancer but not the person who is speaking to you.  and then there is the whole point that people experience things different, which means that two people with breast cancer don't even understand how the other feels.  they understand that parts of it suck, and of course we understand some things like pain.  but we don't ever know what another persons pain is.  we can't _feel_ for somebody else, because it's connected to their consciousness and self awareness.  it's a brain thing.  the existential state, and existential experiences are why we can't experience empathy.  we can assume that we know something similar, but then we're taking a guess.  epistemologically speaking there are a million problems that come from that.  here is an exercise, assuming you're pretty decent with symbolic logic.  try to write out an argument to prove empathy.  try to prove it is different from sympathy.  you would have to bastardize the term, and then it's not empathy anymore.  in terms of misanthropy, i don't really think this is a clear correlation either.  i think this is what happens when we confuse rationality with ethics.  because we're irrational doesn't mean we're unethical.  especially since the former deals with biological concerns, and the latter deals with our perception of applied biological terms to make social imperatives.
t3_1el135-t3_1el135-ca1h2cv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7058	did the author even read her op-ed?  &gt;my mother fought cancer for almost a decade and died at 56  &gt;i carry a 'faulty' gene, brca1, which sharply increases my risk of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer.  &gt;my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman.  &gt;only a fraction of breast cancers result from an inherited gene mutation.  it's sad that such a smart person can be incapable of critical reading. she explicitly states that she has a rare gene mutation that is hereditary. i have no idea where the author is getting the notion that that is not expressed in her piece.
t3_2czm6i-t1_cjkrhmh-cjktenc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8605	believe it or not, that's very common. my mom, bio-mom and i spoke at fordham university about the "adoption triad" many years ago. there were different topics, q&amp;a, and one of the most common things i heard from guys, was that they had no interest.  i think it has something to do with a woman's natural, maternal instinct to want to know their history. i was amazed at the amount of innate things i had in common with my bio-mom. it was freaky. she had little information on what became of him.  when i was diagnosed with breast cancer three years ago, i really wanted to know as much medical history as possible. i'm also just generally interested in people. i'm part of some of his genes, so i'm just flat out curious.
t3_4huxfg-t1_d2so749-d2svvgb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	people acquire languages at age three (up until i think age 10-ish is when languages continue to be acquired). adults and most teenagers have to learn a language, which is a different process than acquisition.  basically, acquiring a language is being exposed to it and picking it up. in studies done of young children, researchers were surprised to find that parents actually very rarely address speech errors made by their children because they see the mispronunciations and word scrambles as "cute", and the kids end up self-correcting within a matter of months. also, babies/ toddlers are almost never given any meaningful instruction in the grammar or sentence structure of their mother tongue, and acquire such things almost wholly from exposure. generally by the time a child is introduced to formal schooling, they already possess a strong comprehension of their mother tongue, speech pathologies notwithstanding. the transition from *acquiring* to *learning* has to do with changes to the broca's area that occur during puberty, iirc.  if you have ever taken a language course, you are probably aware of how the learning of a language is structured. it's a lot more of a conscious process than an unconscious one. one must learn and memorize vocabulary and sentence structure, and even the most fluent adult learners are never *as* fluent as those who acquired the language as children.  kids already have large vocabularies by the time they're about a year old, even if they aren't speaking. poor speech development doesn't necessarily indicate lack of comprehension. additionally, when my son had delayed speech (didn't start speaking until around three-ish), we were told by numerous speech therapists and doctors that this was normal, and boys often took longer than girls to speak in full sentences.   basically, speech development issues as a child do not equate to language acquisition issues as an adult, both because language comprehension and speech are slightly different things (a mute can comprehend language, after all), and because the process by which a language is instilled changes with age.   op may have other learning or developmental issues that make adult acquisition of language hard, i'll grant that. but i think saying, "i can't learn languages as an adult because i had speech issues is a child," is a bit like saying, "i have breast cancer as an adult because i had earaches as a child."
t3_2jki15-t1_clcqvmc-cld3mad	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you! finally someone else gets it. i realize people do die from breast cancer but for fucks sake these people have turned it into a corporation. they give &lt;5% of their donations to actual breast cancer research and the rest goes to stupid pins and shit that "promote awareness". i think we are all pretty aware that breast cancer exists. don't get me wrong, i have sympathy for people with breast cancer, but not "charities" like this one.
t3_2rujox-t3_2rujox-cnjphd2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh do i know health anxiety. it's the worst and it has run large portions of my life. at it's worst, i was barely functional. couldn't sleep, was having anxiety attacks all the time and was getting very depressed. it's so terrible to think that you're constantly going to die and constantly looking for new symptoms in your body.   this fall, i decided enough was enough and decided to see a psychologist. it has helped tremendously! while my health anxiety isn't gone, it is certainly more manageable and i'm coping much better. here are the tips i've learned:  1) stay off google, web md, all of that stuff! it does not help to google symptoms, even though you have a strong desire to do it at the time. it never helps. if your symptoms are incredibly troubling, or you want to ease your mind, go to your doctor. they're the only ones qualified to diagnose you. and just as a heads up, if your doctor orders blood tests or ultrasounds or whatever, don't freak out. it's easy to go "they must think i'm dying, why else would they order these tests for me?!?!", but it's important to remember that they're just doing their job. they're being thorough and you went there for a reason. i've gone and had lots of tests ordered and they've all come back normal or something that requires a very simple fix. it's never been anything serious or life threatening.   2) i don't know what you're currently obsessing over (for myself, i bounce around to different things. one week it's ovarian cancer, another week it's ms, another week i have a brain tumor, another month i have lupus, another time it's breast cancer, etc, etc.) but one thing i found surprisingly helpful was keeping a "pain log." for example, i had been experiencing pain in my lower groin and up my side. i was convinced that i had some sort of cancer in that area. my psychologist had me keep a pain log, where i would track my pain from a scale of 1-10 throughout the day (1 being barely there, 10 being unbearable). i would right down my pain after events during the day - for example, breakfast, dance class, lunch, homework, dinner, etc). to my surprise, the pain never made it past a 3 and usually was at a 1 or 2. i realized that my pain was made worse when i was doing exercise or just after, and that i was making it out to be so much worse in my head than it was. i went and saw a sports doctor and they told me i had a joint that was out of place, causing all the pain. not cancer at all, totally harmless :)   3) every time i've been convinced i'm dying, i'm not. i know that i have health anxiety and i know that i pay way too much attention to the symptoms that go on in my body. just try to keep perspective and remind yourself that you've been fine before and you will be fine again, and this is the anxiety taking hold.   4) stop checking. this was huge for me. whenever something new would pop up, i would google it, press it, check it, look at it, etc. breaking the cycle of checking is hard but once you do you will feel so much more free. checking is what keeps you in that anxiety loop and keeps you obsessing over it. in the beginning, even if you can delay your checking by 20 minutes, that's good. during those twenty minutes, do some evidence based thinking or writing. "what are the odds that i really have this? what is the evidence that this is something benign?", etc. after a while, you want to stop the checking all together.  5) stay active and healthy and engaged. i tend to get into slumps during my really bad phases of anxiety. try to stay as engaged in your life as possible, or take up a new sport or hobby! exercise is super helpful. i started doing hot yoga and found that within a couple weeks, i was feeling much better mentally and physically.   6) this is a random one, and i don't necessarily recommend starting with this strategy but it has been useful to me at certain points in my life. it sounds counter intuitive, but it works. if you can't stop obsessing, no matter what, then go ahead. give yourself twenty minutes or half an hour where you freak out and check and worry and lose your mind. don't let your mind wander to anything else. if you stop worrying, make yourself worry again about this. for 30 minutes, worrying is all you're allowed to do. once those 30 minutes are up there, then they're done. carry on with the rest of your day and push the anxious thoughts away when they come in. then, do it again the next day. 30 minutes of worry time. you'll be surprised how quickly the anxiety becomes boring and less interesting when you make yourself do it. again, i don't need to use this strategy anymore because i've gotten quite good at using the other techniques but i've used it before and weirdly enough it was a good tactic.   those are the best things i did for myself. it takes time and practice and i think it's great you're planning on seeing someone, it really does help. anxiety sucks and it really sucks to think you're dying all the time. don't give up, i know it's incredibly difficult getting through the dark times but you can and will get better and you will learn how to cope with this. good luck!!!
t3_8sii6-t3_8sii6-c0aakrg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a theory that breast cancer research (and other typically female cancers and illnesses in general) receive a disproportionate amount of funding vs. prostate cancer (and other typically male cancers and illnesses)  the statistics on incidence rates is easy enough to find. the $$ part i'm struggling with.
t3_35f1hi-t1_cr4bbpl-cr4g3g1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	uh, yeah, i'd say the campaigns have worked. in the 1980s and prior breast cancer was enormously stigmatized and it wasn't common for women to even seek check-ups. those that did manage to get diagnosed frequently hid it from even close family members because it was seen as shameful, making their struggle with it all the more difficult as they dealt with the stress of it one their own.   these awareness campaigns have brought the disease out in the open and made it normal to be aware of and even talk about. women seek treatment at astronomically higher rates now and those that do end up having to face the disease tend to do so now with the support of friends and family as it's no longer seen as something to hide.
t3_2acqml-t1_ciujtn2-ciumhc8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5401	i'm not worried about that. right now she is doing fine and enjoying life, she's very expressive and we could tell she was feeling poorly prior to having this last round of subsurface masses removed. since then she's been sleeping more (might be summer heat), but has otherwise rebounded. we will be able to tell when she takes a turn for the worst and i at least take comfort in knowing that by catching this early we have been able to monitor and manage it better than we might otherwise have. breast cancer in cats is usually detected fairly late because of the difficulty in examining most cat's belly's and cat's stoic response to injury or illness (they shrug it off until they are in really bad shape.) we've kept her quality of life high for 18 months since diagnosis and we'll keep doing what we can until there is nothing more to be done.  i just brought up my own experience to give weight and context to my approval of what the op did. its hard, but in that situation it was really the most humane and compassionate thing to do and the op stepped up when his gf was too paralyzed with grief to act. the deception is unfortunate, but it far better than allowing the animal to suffer.
t3_47hcuw-t3_47hcuw-d0du7qf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.804	having a non-existent relationship with my mother.  in order to talk about it, i have to go back 4 years to when it started. my mom got diagnosed with an early, operable stage of breast cancer, and was cancer free within months. she didn't do chemo and decided to do medicine, which caused her to have mood swings. some of her mood swings i could handle, but some of them made her so hateful toward me that i had to leave the house. it almost drove my dad to leaving her.   fast forward 3 years later and the medicine calmed down, but she was sneakily stealing my dad's pain medicine that he was using for his hip. it got to the point where it wasn't sneaky at all and she was taking them out in the open in front of us. she would constantly ask us (her sons, all three of us) for money all the way up to about $1000. she did it to me about a month before my wedding, and when i said no, she made me feel like i was the lowest form of scum on earth, which made me budge and give her some money that i never got back.  then her mother died. i don't know how long the grieving process goes for someone but she seems to be taking it way worse than imagined.   i honestly think she is loving the attention she gets with everything. she also makes non-stop posts on facebook, sharing every, single thing on there and tagging me and my brothers in them. we like, hide the post and move on. it's sad.  i then tried to join the army, and was only going to do it with my family's approval. my whole family was all for it, but then when i asked my mom for approval, she told me that the next time i'd see her was when i was in a body-bag. i didn't join the army.  then my wedding day came, when my mom promised that she'd help out during the process, and she didn't. she also said she'd give us a gift. she didn't. she then spent almost $1000 on furniture for her house instead of helping me and my wife for our wedding.   the christmas after our wedding was even worse, when she spent close to $2000 on my nephew and niece, and i didn't get hardly anything. my dad was so apologetic toward the whole time, because he has no control over her anymore and her actions. she was so drugged up on medicine that she was trying to hold the babies and couldn't lift them, as well as slurring her words and popping pills in front of everyone. i was so embarrassed that i left early.  a few  nights ago we had a get together, because i am a family man and want to keep the family close. mother shows up, 20 pounds underweight, skin and bones, pale when her skin should be olive toned, and worse than ever. i left the get-together to go home and sob uncontrollably.  so to answer the question, i'm struggling with the fact that there is nothing i can do for my mother, and i'm not sure just how long she will be around if she keeps this up.
t3_2uc8en-t3_2uc8en-co7dtnp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6704	alcoholism, heart and lung problems, kidney problems, breast cancer, etc. all run in my family. i have depression and some other mental illnesses (nature/nuture, yanno), and sometimes alcoholic tendencies. i also had childhood asthma. i'm left-handed, have mild deuteranopia, and cts in one wrist. i'm a ginger so i'm sensitive to hot/cold wounds more. apparently gingers bleed less from wounds though? hmm, what else... oh, i had a breast cancer scare when i was 19. very prominent on my maternal side, so i'll probably have breast cancer later on, possibly heart and kidney troubles. oh, and my paternal grandmother died of an aneurysm, so now i'm scared of that happening.  i guess i got lucky in that i have pretty green eyes, and yanno, i actually like my freckles a lot. strong straight teeth, too.
t3_1f3wza-t3_1f3wza-ca6mph5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we met when i was 21 and she was 18.  she would not go out with me and we became friends.  a year later she started dating me.  married at 23 &amp; 20 - that was 1989.  we have survived raising 2 boys - one with down syndrome, she has had 2 bouts of breast cancer and we still live month to month on our paychecks.  she pisses me off to no end sometimes and her family drives me nuts.  but i wouldn't trade it for the world.  she is my life and my love.  i made a vow to stick with her through the good times and the bad and she with me.    with all we have been through, we can make it through the remaining time we have on this planet.  god has blessed us with 2 great boys, she has been able to beat cancer twice, we have a nice home and despite the arguments and frustrations we make each other happy.  so to answer your question... it is going great!
t3_16mcke-t1_c7xmyj0-c7xo0z6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's a great idea! it's somewhere on the tmg forums, but i'll post it here!  * intro * i've got the sex * have to explode * alpha incipiens * from tg&amp;y * the boys are back in town * grendel's mother * matthew 25:21 (about 75% of the audience was bawling during this) (incl. me) * love love love * going to georgia * dance music * world's greatest (r. kelly) (yeah, r. kelly) * going to maine * color in your cheeks * jenny * 02-75 * alpha negative * tulsa imperative * cotton * up the wolves * against pollution * the sign * this year * [unknown] (liza forever minnelli, it hadn't been released yet) * john 4:16 * cubs in five * rainbow in the dark (a tribute to dio, who had died that day) * golden boy * twin human highway flares (my request!)  encore 1: best ever death metal band in denton  encore 2: houseguest (a capella)  to give a little perspective on why it was so special, it took place may 16, 2010 as a breast cancer fundraiser show. there were only about 60 people there, and at the beginning, john took out a notebook and told us that he was going to pass it around the audience and for everyone to write down a request or two. meanwhile, he played some songs and told awesome stories in between. then he got the notebook back and played from there (on the spot, from memory).   when things got really awesome was after "going to maine," he asked all of us to come sit on the floor in front of him "college open mic night style" as he put it. i somehow managed to sit right in front of him.   my sweet brag from the night was that during jenny, he forgot the line "inhaled as deeply as i possibly could," and i was the first to spit it out. in the next chorus, he got right in my face and we both screamed "hi diddley dee, god damn, the pirate's life for me," at each other.  after twin human flares, he said he was done. he walked to the dressing room, turned around walked back and said something like "fuck it, you guys are awesome, let's play another." then he played "best ever death metal band in denton." he walked back to his dressing room, turned around and came back again. he sang "houseguest," and was walking around being real creepy and then "place my palms against your throat," he actually did it to a girl.  that's my face on the far right! http://imgur.com/fs3wo  tl;dr: it ruled  edit: formatting. i'm pretty new here.
t3_2kk8r6-t1_clmxcf8-clmyhll	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6651	i had breast cancer and *more than one person* tried to empathize with me by telling me about the time they broke their arm, yes, broke an arm, and how they totally get what it's like to feel pain. i got into the habit of walking away from people. it's not the same, but i think i can relate to your feeling of bizarrely inappropriate/false empathy.  when people ask me about my scars (which is rare, because they're on my chest and most people don't want to seem creepy for staring) i make up a new story each time. maybe i got stabbed, ya know? you could always say you got into a lawn-mowing accident. people will sure stfu.
t3_3i59bb-t1_cuduhy7-cudyxyv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as you can see, i never said anything about the ovarian cancer. however i think it is good for users to know about the risks. in the place where i grew up a 16 year old girl died from blood clot and they stated birth control pills as the cause. i have only had the breast cancer risk information in non-english earlier so i tried to find a similar link. but here is also some info from uk about it. http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/about-cancer/cancers-in-general/cancer-questions/the-contraceptive-pill-and-cancer-risk#breast
t3_4hsrgd-t1_d2srp8a-d2ss0av	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's generally never a good idea to beat yourself up about getting a disease, but it doesn't mean don't try and do everything you can to prevent it.  someone who has a high genetic risk of breast cancer's dominant risk factor is the genetic one, but if i had a strong genetic risk of breast cancer i certainly wouldn't then take hrt and add insult to injury.  sure all pregnant women are told to stay active and follow a healthy diet, but the risk of disease can be a powerful motivator. since i have got the all clear on all the obesity related disease i find it *much* harder to control my eating (third trimester appetite probably plays a role too). my main motive now is fear of producing a massive baby :p everytime i read someone say "oh diet has no effect on the size of your baby" it makes me feel like "well i could eat that \&lt;junk food\&gt; and it probably won't make a difference". maybe it won't, but i'd rather try and do everything i can than make excuses for myself *before* something happens when there's still a chance of effecting it.
t3_2vvt1q-t1_com0tt3-com0vjv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the way it comes off to me is "finding out i have a family history of breast cancer magically increased my odds of getting breast cancer."  the way i'd choose to put it is "it turns out that i have a family history of breast cancer, which means that my odds of breast cancer are higher."  i realize i'm possibly splitting hairs, but like i was trying to say, my overall objection is to seemingly poor understandings of stats more than anything else. the objection is basically to phrasing that makes it out to seem like the act of finding out about your family history of breast cancer is what increased your risk of breast cancer, as though you'd have been fine if only nobody had told you about it.
t3_3hvvvo-t3_3hvvvo-cub3vgq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7361	grade and stage refer to how much the cancer has spread. from what i remember, usually anything above stage 2 means some spreading outside of the mammary duct. this specifically refers to whether the cancer has spread to her lymph nodes. this is important to know because cancer in the lymph nodes means it could have spread to other organs besides her breast and may need to be treated more strongly. usually they will stage the tumor based on the surgery because the biopsy cannot determine where the cancer may have spread so they will likely do a lymph node biopsy during the surgery to remove the tumor to determine where it may have spread.   the points that you refer to is a description of the tumor. it helps the oncologists go know the characteristics of it, so it tells them how much it may have mutated or how fast it may grow. unfortunately i do not know much more than that about the nottingham score. it is a good sign though that they didn't recommend anymore biopsies after the mri because that scan would have shown some of the possible spread of the tumor.   in terms of being around kids- chemo and radiation tax the immune system. i would speak with her doctors but it is possible that they may recommend keeping your daughter away since she may carry an illness that could make your mom very sick.
t3_2ma5w6-t1_cm2hena-cm2m2pu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i still wear a few of 'em.   i have a black one with the epl carlsberg logo, i have another black one with a breast cancer ribbon, and a bunch of orange and black ones from my many years as a frosh leader (one for each year)
t3_24zwng-t3_24zwng-chcfk2q	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	wow, just still being alive. i was diagnosed with breast cancer in 7/2011. it was stage iiia, and i underwent some really heavy duty chemo treatments, then a mastectomy, and then 35 radiation treatments. i'm scheduled for a reconstructive surgery this friday.  just surviving is an accomplishment. i am truly grateful.
t3_dnjho-t1_c11kccz-c11kkpq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i read ehrenreich's article and it rang very true with me. i had breast cancer and quickly became overwashed in little pink things and cute little sugary teddy bears and all those "you have to think positively or you're never going to get better" bullshit books and pamphlets. you see, it's all our fault if we get depressed and anxious about having cancer, we're supposed to be bright and sunshiny and all that rot. there's nothing pleasant about radiation and chemotherapy and pain and hairlessness and fear. if you're going to donate, donate directly to an organization that funds research and clinical trials, not the pink army. please.
t3_2hhrgd-t3_2hhrgd-cksuay1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	had no suspicions at all. dad was the super nice type, bought dunkin donuts gift cards for the teachers as christmas presents. really nice dude to talk to and joke around with. mom died of breast cancer shortly after the daughter was born.   anyway, the girl comes down to our after-school program one day screaming her head off and crying. she was really upset because the teacher had sent a note home with her to give to dad about how she had been very misbehaved that day. so we sit down with her and try to talk to her rationally about it, tell her it's going to be okay, etc. and she's not having any of it. she continued screaming and crying and causing a general scene. she was yelling things like, "my dad is gonna beat me", "i'm in so much trouble", and various other things. after talking to her some more she revealed that dad frequently dragged her by the hair around the house when she was bad and had thrown her down the stairs the previous week.   clearly, this was something we had to report because those were some serious accusations. i told my supervisor who contacted the proper authorities, namely children and youth services, who handled the case from there.  honestly, we should've noticed before this, but as we are just the girl's before and after school teachers, we don't have her long enough during the day to pick up on everything. there were a few things though, like that she work long sleeves and long pants nearly all year, she often had her hands down her pants (which typically means some type of sexual abuse), and she was very defensive if you accused her of anything.  i don't exactly know what happened with the case, but i do know that she rarely attends after school care anymore.
t3_1wpkuw-t3_1wpkuw-cf4gab1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7689	i am sorry you are having to go through this. it is really really tough. my mother died of breast cancer when i was 15 and i was diagnosed when i was 32, that was 11 years ago. this period your sister is going through is the toughest part...the waiting.  it drove me crazy.  it made me feel badly about my family because i knew they were suffering watching me suffer.  they won't know anything until the surgical pathology comes in, no matter what the doctors tell you.  there is a lot of speculation that drives a patient crazy. my suggestion would be there to listen, don't talk about it if she doesn't want to talk about it. it is important to have a sense of normalcy.  the lush products are a good idea, but try not to walk on eggshells around her.  once the surgical pathology report comes in, things will develop as they should.  speculating on chemo, radiation, surgery, whatever, is just going to cause her stress and aggravation that may not even be necessary.  try not to get information off the internet. it is discouraging and often times incorrect.  be patient. feel free to pm me any time.
t3_2y123c-t3_2y123c-cp57nb6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8216	[link to nejm study](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/nejmoa1413513#t=articletop).  **background** background in patients with metastatic breast cancer that is positive for human epidermal growth factor receptor 2 (her2), progression-free survival was significantly improved after first-line therapy with pertuzumab, trastuzumab, and docetaxel, as compared with placebo, trastuzumab, and docetaxel. overall survival was significantly improved with pertuzumab in an interim analysis without the median being reached. we report final prespecified overall survival results with a median follow-up of 50 months.  **methods** we randomly assigned patients with metastatic breast cancer who had not received previous chemotherapy or anti-her2 therapy for their metastatic disease to receive the pertuzumab combination or the placebo combination. the secondary end points of overall survival, investigator-assessed progression-free survival, independently assessed duration of response, and safety are reported. sensitivity analyses were adjusted for patients who crossed over from placebo to pertuzumab after the interim analysis.  **results** the median overall survival was 56.5 months (95% confidence interval [ci], 49.3 to not reached) in the group receiving the pertuzumab combination, as compared with 40.8 months (95% ci, 35.8 to 48.3) in the group receiving the placebo combination (hazard ratio favoring the pertuzumab group, 0.68; 95% ci, 0.56 to 0.84; p&lt;0.001), a difference of 15.7 months. this analysis was not adjusted for crossover to the pertuzumab group and is therefore conservative. results of sensitivity analyses after adjustment for crossover were consistent. median progression-free survival as assessed by investigators improved by 6.3 months in the pertuzumab group (hazard ratio, 0.68; 95% ci, 0.58 to 0.80). pertuzumab extended the median duration of response by 7.7 months, as independently assessed. most adverse events occurred during the administration of docetaxel in the two groups, with long-term cardiac safety maintained.  **conclusion** in patients with her2-positive metastatic breast cancer, the addition of pertuzumab to trastuzumab and docetaxel, as compared with the addition of placebo, significantly improved the median overall survival to 56.5 months and extended the results of previous analyses showing the efficacy of this drug combination.  edit: i included the price of the drug cocktail in the title because it is important for everyone to be aware of how expensive these life saving medications can be. the value generated by these therapies is obviously enormous. people who would have died are now alive; and that is why i love science. but at the same time it is important to consider that for many, access to these drugs is beyond reach. and it disgusts me more than a little that in a developed nation like the u.s. this has become the status quo. so much of the science that is revolutionizing how we treat disease won't mean anything unless we find effective ways to make these treatments accessible.
t3_1pb7e3-t1_cd0m5v3-cd0q96f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	but breast cancer is everywhere. mental health to me should be right up there. there needs to be more awareness brought up to mental health. there really does.    edit : after reading a hell of a lot of crap about the nfl, i have found out that breast cancer is more "attractive". hard to say that, really is. but thats what they are calling. my mentally challenged neighbour more than likely thinks otherwise.
t3_16a02i-t1_c7u6mh0-c7u6yfr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i care. if you don't care, then don't click to open the photo and don't leave a comment. i care even more than i would have a week ago because this week i had a biopsy and found out that i have breast cancer and will have to have surgery too. seeing someone being positive instead of giving up is uplifting. i wish him the best and i hope you learn to have a heart or at least to use down votes and keep your heartless comments to yourself.
t3_4xsw0n-t3_4xsw0n-d6iuezr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7637	i had breast cancer surgery as well and the only advise i can offer is to go for the softest material she can find.   regarding the band size - you mention she may size up - i did so as well at first but i found the looser band actually caused irritation because it shifted around on my scar line. a snugger fit felt better in the long run -- but again, this was just my personal experience.  i hope she finds something that she loves and that makes her feel awesome. you're a good friend for helping her. :)
t3_3kglcw-t3_3kglcw-cuxk7z1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6719	i was diagnosed with stage 3 inflammatory breast cancer in october last year. i finished treatment about 3 months ago. just take it one day at a time. i know that sounds obvious but i really mean it. looking too far ahead will probably freak your mum out. just remember that today you are breathing. just get through today and try to find at least one good thing each day. there will be good days and bad but before she knows it, it will be over. being in australia, i was offered free therapy. if your mum can get therapy do it! seriously, it's the best advice i can give. from my first week of chemo i was seeing a clinical psychologist and it has helped me get through. it's never to soon to get help to deal with her diagnosis.
t3_4x1lx5-t1_d6bqm8k-d6c187w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i started developing as a woman i thought i had breast cancer because no one properly educated me that lumps start to form behind your nipples... so i suffered for like 2 years before i found out i was just getting boobs. ugh. i feel your pain.
t3_2sww79-t1_cntnxzi-cnuksiv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7163	hi,  my wife just finished her 16th dose of chemo for stage 2 idc triple negative breast cancer last week, double mastectomy to follow.  she found the tumor while breast feeding.  the wait and "ignorance" of not having a clear diagnosis/treatment plan was the most stressful/hardest parts of this whole thing, a month of diagnostics/appointments before "anything was done". we're in our early 30's and have two young kids.  she ran marathons and ate organic, non-smoker and casual drinker, we are both licensed healthcare professionals.  when you read about triple negative frankly it's fuckin terrifying, even though it is only a stage 2 tumor there is still a fear of what may return in a few years and the relative lack of treatment for it when compared to other breast cancers.  here is my advice if she does come back with a diagnosis of cancer- reassure your wife that she did nothing to bring this on herself,  if she knew that the cancer could have been prevented by doing something magical i guarantee you that she would have done it.  (if she's anything like my wife she'll blame herself for not doing everything right). it's not her fault, she rolled a shitty set of dice.  you'll get all sorts of people coming out of the wood work to offer advice/cures... much of this advice is well meaning but ill informed.  find a solid group of healthcare professionals that you trust (oncologist, surgeon, geneticist, nutritionist, etc.) and rely on their expertise,  these people will lay a path of treatment/recovery for her,  shut out all the bullshit static of people trying to be helpful who are really making things more stressful...  stick to the path and ignore the static... if it's cancer, it can be a long road ahead and there will be a lot of doubt, uncertainty, and stress, now is a good way to find things that will allow you and her to stay focused and centered as best you can manage.  as the man- find someone you can trust to confide/vent to that is non judgmental and it won't get back to her... there will be an insane level of stress and emotions as you go through this together, you will feel utterly helpless but want to help... this will be hard,  but i guarantee things will calm down (and sadly cancer will become a part of your life, it will be your new norm). this  will be tough for both of you- she will have freak outs and so will you, make sure to listen to her feelings and thoughts.  i promise things will get easier eventually.  you have my empathy and if you have anything you want to talk about please pm me.    best regards.
t3_e2p9b-t3_e2p9b-c14tvme	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	looks good, i wish you the best of luck looks like you've put lots of work into it.  just from my esthetic point of view and experience.    - your logo is hard to read.  a logo is important in building your brand, if it's hard to read it's not a good thing.  - lose the pink.  i don't mind it personally, gives it a distinct look however a lot of mma fans are macho types and may not like the pink.  unless it's for breast cancer awareness then they seem to be ok with it.  - your bodog banners at the top and bottom are different sizes, try to keep it consistent.  things should be symmetrical whenever possible for a mainstream site.    - the scroll feature for the outer frame is much quicker than it is in the middle.  try making the middle one scroll easier.    - your mast head is very funny but a lot of the fighters and snooty mma fans won't like that using photoshopped photos and possibly making fun of the fighters.  it will be harder to be taken seriously as a real mma website.    - for your "contact" link, don't make it auto open a mail program.  create a separate page and give them a text box to fill in or a hyper link to the email address you want used.  not all people use mail programs on their computers a lot use hotmail, yahoo, gmail etc..    - countdown logo is too close to the clock at the top, it's sitting right on it.  space it more like the days/hours/mins below it.   - rankings - awesome idea, love it.. easy to find everyone wants to know it.  down the road linking to other sites lists other than bloody elbow via a drop down menu would be sweet.  love the idea.  - find a fighter "nickname" doesn't seem to fit properly in the box on my screen in google chrome.    - for "upcoming events" (great feature) have them be hyperlinks to the promotions official website whenever possible so people can get quick information.  - for the "latest news" remove the underlining for linking.  perhaps make them bold or a different colour.    - your facebook/twitter buttons don't work i assume that's just temporary.  good placement though.    - top videos is a great feature.  it would be a great of there was a way to make it more professional looking than just embedding the you tube videos, perhaps putting them in a special box with logo/graphic etc..   great job, i've bookmarked it.  i look forward to seeing it progress.
t3_vyj45-t3_vyj45-c58pyqo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6763	my mom had breast cancer last year, and so did a good friend of the family the year before that.   both ladies are still around, kicking ass, and taking names.  if anything, my mom became stronger and more vibrant than ever, and i became more resilient and understanding of people.   still, the day i found out was one of the worst days of my life.  i found out while in the restaurant my brother and i work at.  the way he told me was hilariously dramatic looking back ("what i'm about to tell you will shatter your world"...he's a character).   i was in shock the first ten minutes, feeling nothing, then it hit me and i was planning her funeral and thinking about where i'd go (i live with parents), and had to leave because i was crying.  wanted nothing more than to play the drums.  i was taking lessons and had a set...but it was borrowed and it was gone when  i got home.  i just had to laugh - timing was too perfect. it really helps to have a (dark) sense of humor, and to understand that her emotions might become very tumultuous.  it was very up and down for a few months.  be patient with yourself too.  it's scary stuff...but not a death sentence.   this could be a chance for her to heal from past trauma (if you believe in the mind/body connection), or to turn her health around (my mom started exercising more and eating better).  the definition of optimism is turning a bad situation into an opportunity.  tl;dr   you're not alone, you can get through it (cliche as it sounds, it's true).
t3_2oknqx-t3_2oknqx-cmohjnz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	coincidentally, on my way to work today listening to the moth radio hour on npr. heard a story about a woman who grew up with a condition that took a large part of her legs and was always ostracized growing up and shamed by her parents who were embarrassed by her condition and worked all of her life to revolutionize the industry in prosthetics and mobility and reclaim her self-esteem despite her setbacks and be proud of her accomplishments and not be brought down by others. she concluded by mentioning how a little 7 year old girl with similar issues who struggled with self-esteem and self-worth had stumbled across her story and given her the courage to own her condition as well. she happened to run in to this girl in public and the little girl was so eager to show off her custom decorated prosthetic and was actually proud of it and the woman was able to see her life's work make a difference in this young girl's life so quickly. it was heart-warming and got me tearing up a little, but an overall happy story. the next story warned that it was not suitable for young children, so i kinda knew where it was heading. happened to be the story of single mother of 4 who had been through domestic abuse, homelessness, and breast cancer *during* pregnancy, and her son who was about 8 who was bullied in school for seeming "gay", who had hung himself with an extension cord the night of the same day of the incident after telling his mom about it. broke my fucking heart. was weeping during the rest of my busy commute to work, kinda tearing up now thinking about it.   **tl;dr- the moth radio hour on npr can be great and inspiring, but it can also be** ***devastatingly*** **sad.**
t3_yu420-t3_yu420-c5yvwwp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	seems like a lot of issues are being conflated here. the overall message is good but i think a lot of the statements here bait-and-switching definitions of 'freedom', and in other cases, not philosophically sound.      &gt;[no matter who i am] i have the right to be screened for [breast cancer].      what does this mean exactly? is this woman implying she has the *right* to make other people pay for her breast cancer test? is there some law preventing women from getting tested for breast cancer? if not then i have to assume she's claiming the right to steal from me for her health benefit. do i have right to steal from her to fund prostate cancer checks?      &gt;i have the right to birth control.      again, is there some reason (other than the fda requiring a prescription) women are unable to buy birth control for themselves? if not then i take this as meaning "i have the right to force others to pay for my birth control.", and i don't really see how this is immediately obvious.      &gt;i have the right not to be insulted for the choices i make regarding my own body.      no you don't. your freedom to do what you want with your own body is fundamental and crucial. but so too is everybody else's, and that includes their right to insult you if they disagree with your lifestyle. we may think they're judgemental, nosy assholes for doing it, but this very video is an example of people insulting others for, not even actions, but thoughts and opinions people hold. the right to offend is just as basic as the right to one's body.          &gt;i have the right to equal pay..     no you don't. nobody has the right to force an employer to pay them more than they are willing to pay. equal pay for equal work has probably been the single most damaging and misunderstood policy among the entire feminist movement. you, as a person, have a right to negotiate contracts with potential employers, and to turn down offers for your labour. it's hard to see why you have the right to extort more money from an employer simply because your personal philosophy postulates that men are exactly the same as women, including in their productive capacities, in every single job that could be paid for.
t3_43q34h-t3_43q34h-czkpdmk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wouldn't even realize you had a mastectomy to be honest. my own breasts don't even fully fill an a cup.  i think you might do well with cowl neck shirts. try wearing a [bandeau bra](http://images.asos-media.com/inv/media/5/4/9/9/1179945/black/image1xxl.jpg) underneath some lightweight fabric blouses like silk and cotton [example](http://www.moddeals.com/assets/products/382874/full/tops-blouses-sheer-up-long-sleeve-blouse-white-shop-moddeals-1-copy.jpg)  for dressy stuff try cowl necks as they will give you the appearance of larger bust. as flat girls we can also wear some really really low cut stuff since we don't have to worry about massive boob escapades. i'm talking too the bellybutton plunge dresses.  what i'm saying is you have the ability to look really elegant since you have a slender silhouette. if you think people will be paying attention to your boobs or arms think again, it will be your wispy look and feel.  good luck lady, were all rooting for you. don't forget to update us when you start trying things on!
t3_2re889-t3_2re889-cng5u6u	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7373	some of you people are as brainwashed as you think this girl is.  a lot of you blame the mom.  as a father of a 18 year old and a 19 year old.  they have and will continue to make decisions the opposite of what i've tried my best to instill in them.  some people have to make their own decisions and all you can do is agree or disagree and stfu.  i learned that lesson by simply being a father.   the more you try to force a teenager to do something they dont want to do the more they want to do it.  a smart parent tells the kids the truth and hopes they make the right decision.  that being said, who knows what she has seen and where she has seen it for her to come up with her decision.  i've had my sister saved by chemo (brain tumor) and i've had my best friends wife die from chemo (trying to get rid of breast cancer ) because a dr didnt know what the fuck he was doing (they sued and won).  so let her make her own decision, if she kills herself so be it.  its fucked up but its her decision.  and nobody is paying those bills but her mom.
t3_2qd2ql-t1_cn5a8rn-cn5bl73	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7961	i'm not the most patient person, and it feels like i've already waited a lifetime (hell, technically, i have - and we have). this isn't fair. it is not fair for there to exist a society in which if i had breast cancer and simply needed mastectomy for that, there are multiple local surgeons who would want to take care of me, and who even take both my insurance sources.  yet if i am a man, and just need bodily congruency, well, fuck me, right?  meanwhile, there are options, perhaps in other states. perhaps in other cities. but nothing comes close to being available in this bumfuck nowheresville territory that has a reputation only for black market marijuana and nothing else. literally nothing good comes from this hellhole.  mind over matter. i understand but it simultaneously strikes me the same way "get over it" does when people tell me to stop being depressed. or angry. or anything else that feels out of my control. a lot of it is actually out of my control, and only regular medicine can hope to temporarily tame it.  so the chemical misfiring of my brain factors in and makes this already troubling circumstance into an insurmountable mountain fit for nothing except jumping off of.  figuratively speaking.  i am doing everything i can to feel better, but it does not help. what helps is progress. what helps is feeling like i'm doing something towards getting these damn surgeries i need so badly. fixing this body. sitting here ignoring it may eventually help, but that help is temporary at best and doesn't bring me any closer.  i'm sorry. i have no issue with your advice. i appreciate it. thank you. and i shall use it. and i am doubly sorry that you're experiencing it to. i wouldn't wish it on anyone. i just doubt i'll ever save up enough, because i live paycheck to paycheck and have debt out my ass and a credit score that is absolute shit (less than 500 and falling) and just see no way out of this hole because i am unemployable, cannot work, draw disability, and am barely able to make ends meet each month.  the system is rigged against people like me.
t3_1f3vn5-t1_ca6jjtx-ca6nrz2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6537	awesome man! my wife just finished the last of 28 radiation treatments last monday. prior to that she had a double mastectomy and 6 rounds of chemo.   treatment is rough. and the reality of cancer tears down all of the facades of your life, at least for my wife and i, and forces you to face some scary realities (we have a 2-year old boy too.)  but if you're in love it will bring you even closer and make you refocus your lives and care about each second together.   we had a very happy and contented life before, but i look at her now and sometimes feel the full weight of an eternity of love. it is hard to explain.
t3_1f6yuw-t1_ca823h2-ca827zn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7498	yeah, she had breast cancer at first, it turned out she had been wearing a wig all year but she decided her hair was finally long enough (still very short) and didn't wear it one day. but she later developed brain cancer, which it seems is a lot faster.
t3_4a49qd-t3_4a49qd-d0x8vkh	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer at 39 years old - 2 years ago.  it was less than 2 cm but her2+ so i had to undergo chemo plus herceptin and radiation. the pathology of the tumor will determine her treatment. with that said, i chose to use chemo cold caps, specifically penguin cold caps, to save my hair during chemo. i kept 95% of my hair which really helped both me and my family to get through treatment. it's not about vanity, it's about feeling like yourself and many other reasons that have nothing to do with vanity.  if god forbid your mom must undergo chemo know this, it's doable and there are options. i suggest maybe reading up on the breastcancer.org site. there is lots of information and a discussion board where many of your questions may be answered.
t3_2j4vfx-t1_cl8zh67-cl96hsc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in ca there are laws about how often you can "check" on your property, as well as what constitutes harassment.  she had lived there over 8 years.  we have known her over 20.  we are not psychiatrists or alcohol rehab counselors.  the signs were there but needed a trained eye to interpret.  she withdrew slowly, eventually stopped letting friends into the house, never complained about house problems, and over time became harder and harder to connect with.  nothing screamed, "omg she's insane!".  it read, "cancer survivor is having some emotional problems.  let's give her some space."  i hate to say it but she milked the breast cancer survivor slack for all it was worth, and turns out, it was worth a lot.  it's like the root password to total absolution.  profound alcoholics can be extremely manipulative and secretive about their problems.  think sociopath - such a person can go a long time milking a lifetime of goodwill before being discovered.  that's exactly what she did.  this was a glide path to hell, not a short snapping trip.  the dogs went to a woman in nevada who had been pushing animals on the tenant without realizing that the tenant was insane.  they all went back.  the cats turned insta-feral.  some are still around the property but have defied all efforts at being caught.  they refuse contact with humans, catch plenty of mice and other prey, and seem to be in good condition otherwise, abuse notwithstanding.  believe me we've tried to catch them.  they're fast. skittish, and avoid traps well.
t3_3a8iuz-t1_csafb6s-csblxqk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there's a difference between bad mouthing an employer (my last boss was a bitch) and the lack of integrity in the work force (my last employer required me to do xyz). i've had a little success talking to hr people about the latter - last workplace didn't pay minimum wage, didn't pay super, had regular 12 hour shifts with no break, took a dump all over food safety. but the kicker was telling the head chef to hold off starting chemo until the boss was back from a skiing trip in japan, and then asking her to come back to work 2 days after a mastectomy because people had called in sick. i want that fucking bitch to go bankrupt after that.
t3_1t2bod-t3_1t2bod-ce421as	breast_cancer	relevant	0.743	man...i can not even imagine having to deal with this.  but i have met people who have.  so with my sympathy you also get my advice.  1.  you need to go to counseling.  whether it be one on one or to a men's group who have been through this.  my church runs one called griefshare.  but you need to go.  support is everything right now.  don't buy into that manly man macho shit about you can deal.  nobody is that tough.  do it for your kids if not for yourself.  2.  ditto for your kids.  counseling is a must.  especially the two older ones.  the 10 year old is knocking on the door of some hormonal years.  my wife is a 5th grade teacher.  she has seen what happens when a kid loses a parent and does not get some help.  3.  if you don't have a church...find one.  i know the agnostics and atheists out there are screaming now, but trust me on this.  regardless of your beliefs most churches will reach out and support you however they can.  my wife went through metastatic breast cancer last year.  it spread to her airway and lung.  i really thought i was going to lose her.  i didn't and she beat it.  but i have to tell you it was probably only a small percentage as hard as what you are going through and i would not have made it, but for my church rallying around me.  they cooked meals.  they called to check up on us.  if i casually mentioned something i was having trouble with i woke up to find it dealt with.  if not a church...then a support system somewhere.  sometimes it's just your immediate coworkers.  good luck man.  stay strong.  your kids need you sharp and on your game more than ever now.  if you want a reason to get up in the morning, then just go look in their eyes.  that is you and your wife's legacy right there.   the record of her life will live on through them.
t3_4vrdxa-t3_4vrdxa-d61e4sq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7946	i started developing breasts (and i mean big ones) at eight. naturally, my mom hadn't given me the "talk" yet because who thinks they need to tell their second grader about bras and stuff? thought i had breast cancer bc tumors are lumps and these were definetly very big lumps, so i figured "eh, i'm not gonna tell mom since i'm gonna die anyways." eventually she noticed and explained (and laughed).   also, i thought it was abnormal to have a smell down there? my ex boyfriend refused to go down on me bc i "smelled like fish" (this boy obviously has never smelled fish before because i know it doesn't but whatever, i was naive), and so i was super insecure about my smell until my new girlfriend explained that yes, i'm supposed to have a smell, he was just rude.
t3_4vwc81-t3_4vwc81-d62cjz8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer in june and i am going through some harsh chemo. i downloaded pokemon go just to see what my kids were so excited about... and i am totally hooked. some mornings i feel so awful that i can barely get out of bed... but i promise myself i will just walk as far as the first pokestop. by the time i get there, i decide to go just a little more, then a little more, then a little more. i've walked over 125 miles thanks to pokemon go since i started chemo.  our area doesn't have a lot of variety (95% pidgey/weedle/rat). my sons sometimes come with me on my morning walk. we stopped by starbucks (where all the baristas were playing at 6:30 in the morning) and i guess the mass confluence of players spawned a rare pokemon -- a blastoise. the 3 baristas, the manager, my son and i were all trying to catch it. it was awesome. i love being out and having people talk to me about *anything* other than cancer.
t3_2ph5i-t1_c2phzi-c2pjvr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"do you honestly think that if we had universal care that this wouldn't have happened? really?"  since i live in canada and have universal health care and have never known any woman with breast cancer who has had to wait more than a few days for surgery (and i have known many women with breast cancer): yes, i can.  fucktard.
t3_2g46le-t3_2g46le-ckfin2l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6802	which one? lol. i have a scar on my breast from a lumpectomy op i had when i had at 24 when i had breast cancer, another small scar on my chest where my chemo line was, a tiny scar on my neck where the line went in. oh and i had my appendix out approx 5 months ago, so have scarring to my bellybutton and a scar on my stomach. such a shame, my bellybutton was damn perfect before that haha, but really, as cheesy as it is, scars tell a story, they show you have been through something but lived to tell the tale, and that's pretty cool.
t3_30jg8z-t3_30jg8z-cpthl6x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6682	when i was 16-18 my friend and i would borrow my moms car, then go downtown to a strip club called "the shiek's tent" in downtown toledo ohio. it was the worst club in town, but they did not id and we looked old enough to get in. there was a stripper there who was a breast cancer survivor and had had a single mastectemy, and replaced it with an implant, but only had one nipple. i learned a lot about bravery from her, both myself and my friend would have dances from her and tipped her once we heard her story, she was just trying to survive and feed her kids. i often think of her when i feel self conscious or nervous and remember how she strutted her stuff she only danced to "pour some sugar on me" and it always brings a smile to my face when i hear it today.
t3_4sdjs1-t1_d58nouw-d58p23x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7476	wife just had her bilateral mastectomy last year, went through chemo for more than half a year, and just had her reconstruction surgery done a couple days ago. i have been to almost all the doctor's visit with her so even though i don't know what you girls are going through, i have heard and see enough of it. when i see all her scars and stuff, i never think she's not sexy, i actually feel sad, but i am very proud and respect her more for what she had gone through. my point is, don't worry about feeling sexy, you are and you always will be, now you just added some spice to it to make you look badass.   oh and yeah, dispite everything happened, we always joke about that she should have gotten a bigger boob job out of this while our medical insurance pays for it, and should have gotten some lipo suction and maybe a face lift too.
t3_2kbcgl-t1_cljn18e-cljpth6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there was arguably warning.  it was publicized.  but still, i (being a cynical bastard) can't help but wonder how getting paint (or whatever it is) all over campus (and your scooter) benefits any cause.  i feel the same way about all the pink merchandise people buy to "raise awareness" of breast cancer.  thanks; i had no idea that breast cancer was a thing.
t3_2zlzmm-t1_cpkok7w-cpks3vy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6213	they exist, before i had breast cancer i was up to a j cup. now, thanks to the sadistic bastard that breast cancer is and my wonderful surgeons, i have a smoking pair of d's. that i never need to buy a bra to fit into ever ever again. 10/10 would not recommend as a method of breast reduction... but seriously, look into reductions, it will change your life!
t3_2sy822-t1_cnv1nue-cnv3o2h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;the chance of getting breast cancer is the same for mtf as for males. thinking otherwise is delusional.   http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25415740  if i'm wrong, so much the better, less cancer! (yay!) but since i have a family history of breast cancer i'd rather not take that chance. males can also get breast cancer believe it or not, its just less common. however males usually don't have an excess of estrogen in their systems, which has been show to facilitate certain cancers.   also it kinda sucks to get your tits squished by a machine, why would anyone want that? so pull your head out your ass, no one here is delusional.
t3_2lv9lb-t3_2lv9lb-clynuwj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this title is bullshit. she wasn't one job loss away from the abyss. she was one wildly unfortunate series of events away from the abyss.  **from the article:** *last year, during a 10-month period, the following happened in this exact order: i got separated from my husband of two decades, who, having lost his job to the recession, moved across the country to start a business, leaving me as sole provider and parent to our two children still at home; i abandoned the novel i was working on and found a job with benefits as an executive editor at a health and wellness website; i took a boarder into the room newly abandoned by my college freshman to help pay my rent, which the new owners had hiked up an extra $900 a month because they could; i was diagnosed with stage 0 breast cancer; i watched my company, which was preparing to go public, fire dozens of qualified people within my first month of work, after which i was informed that my job, too, was on the chopping block; i survived the cancer but was fired from my job.*
t3_3id0g8-t3_3id0g8-cufbrnh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i met this guy on face book. .i know stupid. . anyways we both were into powerlifting and so started chatting about training and all.  anyway we started talking more and more and had a lot in common.  i told him i had breast cancer and he then told me that he too had cancer but in his throat.  so time went on he then came out to where i live which is across the states for a job.  well he should up at my work with coffee.  i was kinda freaked out and happy. after that we talked even more and then he told me he was in love with me. i immediately cut it off.  he called and emailed me everyday then stopped. then i get these text messages from his phone and its his ex wife supposedly telling me that he's been in a accident and she's with him and all he does is talk about me. anyway i ignore it and few months later he pops up again. this time his cancer is back and he has 12 months to live. ..wtf ... is this a joke!
t3_q7fc9-t3_q7fc9-c3vccif	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6146	people know the terms, but often they don't know exactly what is involved with chronic diseases like cancer. i had no idea how intense treatment of breast cancer could and all the major effects it has on the patient's entire life until my mother had breast cancer in 1998.  it's an experience one can't really relate to until it happens to you, so for those who haven't experienced it firsthand, raising awareness of what these conditions entail helps a lot.
t3_495pk7-t1_d0pln4q-d0plvg5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7189	i definitely don't want surgery unless they think it's dangerous. it's a tiny little lump the size of a raisin, so it won't bother me at all to just keep it. i have family history of breast cancer on both sides, so i'm glad someone in a similar situation went through the same thing and had it be nothing serious! thank you so much for your kind words
t3_1qd0u5-t1_cdbooj3-cdbri05	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i lost my mom to breast cancer just under one year ago. the anniversary is 12/6. this is very, very accurate. i'm sorry you or i had to do any of this shit.   this photo set gets picked up and passed around constantly. it makes me stop, panic and grieve. this fucking set of photos ruins my day. and it pisses me off that people pass it around casually in some places. it shows up on reddit every week it seems.
t3_1bq273-t3_1bq273-c99095l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first thing i would do is look around /r/abrathatfits. i've seen some asymmetrical women post there before. never underestimate the confidence boost of well fitting underwear. not saying it will at all solve your problem, but it could lift your spirits a little bit while you're figuring it all out.  in terms of plastic surgery, try researching surgeons that specialize in breast reconstruction for mastectomy patients rather than largely cosmetic guys. with a good surgeon, you'll easily avoid a porn look, and people won't be able to tell you've gotten anything done.  finally, don't think about the concept of size in general, but how you would ideally like your breasts to be in proportion with your body. the letters a, b, c don't mean anything without the numbers that go before it, and doctors measure by cc volume anyway.
t3_1rndts-t3_1rndts-cdp53xm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	expect ups and downs. your mother will learn that there's a pattern to how she's feeling, but it may also be unpredictable at times. my mom just finished chemo for breast cancer and throughout the process she sometimes felt doomed and defeated, particularly when the symptoms were worse than usual. it's like she thought things would stay that bad (or she was afraid to get her hopes up). then when she felt better than expected, she would believe that the worst was behind her, which wasn't true either.  basically, it's a roller coaster, physically and emotionally, and it's best to really expect that and not to get attached to the current state. when things are the worst, expect them to get better, and when things are better, appreciate it and know that it is temporary as well.  good luck to your family.
t3_17f6oe-t3_17f6oe-c84xdtc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	susan g koleman. they don't even care about breast cancer, they just want to make money with the pink ribbon campaign. they don't donate anything to research, it is all about raising "awareness." they also block some cancer research and sue anyone who uses the pink ribbon thing.   **edit** - yes i realize i misspelled komen but does everyone have to correct it. people need to chill out with the grammar nazi-ing(can nazi be used as a verb now?).
t3_ne6n1-t1_c38g2gb-c38inm1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8068	wow. ummmm. i'm going to assume that you meant to come to my defense, but too far.  1) that's my mom. and you should never talk about someone's mom that way. especially since she's retired and spends most of her time knitting winter hats and mittens that she gives out to women shelters and the veteran's hospitals in the area.   2) my sister actually does have breast cancer. she just finished her last radiation treatment in july (no mastectomy needed) and hopefully will have an all clear for now on her monogram in january.   i was going to end this with and insult about your family, but i'm pretty sure you meant no ill will. so i'll just say good day.         i said good day!!!!  oh, and the ex-wife, she might be a cunt. i haven't talked to her in more than a decade, but she was a cunt then, and i don't think many women grow our of that.
t3_p8944-t1_c3nbmz4-c3nbss2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	'no one knows when life begins' - it all depends on how you define life. what *is* life? it is something that is capable of living externally? then a fetus isn't a life, but a bacterium is. is it something with a heart beat? is it something with neurons? a sense of consciousness? if a sense of self consciousness is life, then is somewhere with severe dementia not alive?  this is a philosophical debate, which will never be solved, but continue to shape medicine. however, ultimately, it has nothing to do with a women's right to choose.  do you know the stories of women who get abortions? do you imagine them to be dumb young arrogant rich girls too lazy and stuck up to deal with motherhood? this is what i have encountered (real people)  * a 14 year old girl from africa who was drugged and raped repeatedly when being trafficked to another country * a young woman trying to leave an abusive, violent relationship who's partner tampered with her contraception in an attempt to trap her * a 44 year old unemployed women who thought she was too old to get pregnant and cannot handle the financial or physical stress of a pregnancy while trying to raise her three other children * a homeless recovering alcoholic trying to fight for the custody of her two children in social services, if she had a third she would lose all three * a mother with breast cancer who then discovers she's pregnant, the chemotherapy and radiation therapy she needs are contraindicated in pregnancy and if she does not receive them she will die and leave her other children behind   do you think it is justified in adding more suffering and punishment to these women's lives?
t3_4ha837-t3_4ha837-d2ov91p	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother also went through breast cancer in the fall of 2014. she is in her 60s and a single mother who raised two kids. she had breast cancer back in the mid-nineties and beat it. it came back in 2014, and thankfully this was also caught early. in the beginning of december she had the mastectomy which become infected two weeks later. over christmas she had surgery again to remove the infection. my family has christmas in another state so we sat on the couch and joined the fun through skype. breast cancer has a high recurrence rate, but the treatments for it have come a long way. i believe you and your mother can get through this! everything they have told you is good news; just make sure to stay on top of the pain meds and don't wait until the pain is unbearable. you and your family are in my prayers. keep your chin up!
t3_15cbu4-t3_15cbu4-c7l7pwt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have one from the allstar game that my friend picked up for me that has a picture of the philly skyline and ppl park that i have just thumb tacked into my wall.  i have another pink breast cancer awareness one with the words empower and the union logo on it that i just have in my closet.  i'm not too into scarves so i don't really wear them or anything like that.
t3_4a6zuh-t1_d0z81j6-d0zbl50	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so, does a woman (or a man) have to disclose any and all medical procedures done on their bodies prior to your having sex with them?   genuine question - if a woman had a double mastectomy and then breast augmentation surgery, does she have to tell you, or would you be cheated and deceived that she didn't?  what if she had a surgery to make her vagina more attractive, or tighter - does she have to mention it then?
t3_2yzxjs-t3_2yzxjs-cpetyz0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8267	i had these same exact dreams about my father for years after he passed. the best way to describe it: it felt like an interuption of my regular dreams, vivid and inexplicably real. he asked me what i planned on naming my "boys" once...i wasnt even pregnant yet. i now have two little boys. there were lots of conversations and visits. it really felt like i had spent time with him.  they have stopped now. i dont know why. when i was diagnosed with breast cancer i really thought they would start up again. i even willed our dream visits a few times before going to sleep, but they're gone.   we've had some interesting experiences with my youngest son speaking about another life, how he died, met god and chose to come back...long story, but it drove me to research the phenomenon.  i like to think some of us do come back and if so, perhaps thats why i dont hear from him anymore - he's back down here working on his new life.  or this is all just how our minds cope with loss. we'll never really know.
t3_3mwxnk-t3_3mwxnk-cvj0qgc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.693	first of all, breast cancer at your age would be the least likely thing to be causing changes in the breast.  your best bet is starting with a primary care doctor. it's totally reasonable to ask your mom about getting a checkup or seeing the doctor about this problem. if you're not comfortable with that, you could go directly to the family doctor office if you have one.  if not, try calling the provincial health link where a nurse may be able to direct you.
t3_44wpjx-t3_44wpjx-cztho72	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	only here would you have people standing behind the government as it costs some guy six figures and his livelihood as the price to pay for improperly parking it as he goes to see his mother who is diagnosed with breast cancer across the planet, but if you kick in somebody's head or stab somebody with multiple knives you get a slap on the wrist. you're all fucked in the head.  put the truck in impound, let it rack up fees, use basic common sense to tell that it's an expensive piece of hardware to replace, pull title/details on it (easy to do for them) and realize that wow maybe this guy was away and would be back for it.  "the tow lot was not intended to be long-term storage", bullshit, the city has sufficient resources to put it elsewhere and charge ridiculous fees that would more than cover their costs of doing that.  edit: 21 days from parking to having your car sold off. bring the downvotes, if you think that's a reasonable way for a government to behave you're fucked in the head.
t3_11uvy4-t3_11uvy4-c6sas49	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hello everyone! after creeping on this subreddit for a while, i have finally decided to not only get my life on track, but also reach out to the community for support and guidance. i am hoping that having a support system will increase my compliance! a little about me, i just turned 21 years old and am a full time college student. i was always the chubby girl in school, but after high school, i gained a lot more weight, almost 80 pounds in three years. i am at the heaviest i have ever been, at 365 pounds (i am 5'10", for reference). i ignored my weight issues for a long time, but i am at the point where it is effecting my every day life, and i am not happy. i struggle with anxiety, and my weight just adds to this. i have a history of diabetes and breast cancer in my family, and i do not want my life to be cut short by these. i know that i have to get healthy if i want to live a happy life and one day be a mother. i am sick of being disgusted of myself when i look in the mirror or see a picture on facebook. my goal is to get down to 200 pounds (a healthy weight for my height) by my 23rd birthday, so october of 2015. i know this will be a long journey, and i know i will struggle, but i hope to find the will and drive to become a new, healthier, happier person.   you can add me on mfp, i just created an account. it is newmeby23. (same as my reddit user name!)
t3_2lpaqt-t3_2lpaqt-clwygd7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my high school tried to block websites.  it didn't work.  there's no simple way to block something, because there's always ways around it.  proxies were the form of choice at my high school to get to gaming sites.  i had teachers ask me how to bypass the filters so they could show the class youtube videos.  try researching breast cancer through an connection with an adult filter.  you can block anything with the word "porn" in it, but that doesn't block every porn site.  no matter what you do you'll always have false positives and things that make it through.  you're better off teaching them to be responsible online than trying to control them.
t3_46w4s3-t3_46w4s3-d09db3q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7709	you know, this political grandstanding and scapegoating of planned parenthood is really going to fuck over some people in a huge way.   we have used planned parenthood in the past. we never terminated a pregnancy, but rather my wife would never have gotten a mammogram at the time if it were not for planned parenthood. they found the lump early and treated it fast. we didn't have insurance at the time and breast cancer is a real threat in her family. planned parenthood might just be responsible for her being here today.
t3_3whvjh-t3_3whvjh-cxwdkxe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7258	it's probably radical of me, but if i had breast cancer and it was only in one breast, i'd probably opt for double too. lower risk of recurring cancer, right?   best wishes, you'll be all right though! i was directing that towards the plastic surgery part. ;-) i've never had implants, but i do think that if you request the same cup size as before or smaller, it would probs be gentler on what remains of the breast tissue/muscle.   as for nipples, they do very convincing tattoos of them nowadays. good luck! hugs to you.
t3_4b4w69-t1_d16ah0n-d16b83g	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5071	you sound like a really sweet and supportive daughter. i'm sure those gifts meant a lot to your mom.   how was your mom's pain following the surgery?  my mom has just the one tumor, so she is getting a partial mastectomy where they only remove the necessary tissues and leave the rest. they said they won't really know how big the tumor is until they're in there!  if the lymph nodes come back clear, she won't be getting chemo. but if they find anything else then it's probably on the table. she is currently scheduled to begin radiation about 5 weeks following surgery, for about 4 to 5 weeks. the care package idea is really wonderful. i'll spend some time researching radiation, its side effects, and come up with some gifts to put together before i leave!  also, will definitely look into medicinal marijuana. we live in canada where it's relatively easy (i think?) to get a prescription.
t3_43v5mc-t3_43v5mc-czlg5ph	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	a close family friend and neighbor had breast cancer when i was 7.  she delayed treatment because she was nursing at the time.  she then spent over 10 years in remission but 12 years after she beat it for the first time, the cancer came back and this time, it had spread to the brain.  after close to a year fighting it, she passed away.  i know she was grateful that the treatment elongated her life as much as it did.  after the first round, she made sure to live life to the fullest, including going on vacations with her family to see the world.    the really rough part is that almost every woman in her family (mother, aunts, sister...) had to deal with breast cancer and several died from it.  her two daughters are getting to the age that they're seriously considering pulling a angelina jolie and getting a double mastectomy to drastically lessen their cancer risk.
t3_1sca1q-t3_1sca1q-cdw2u7v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	some info on me: i have a family history of breast cancer so i cannot take anything estrogen based. mini pill- hated it. had to take same hour each day and it made me have horrible moodswings. (was with an emotionally abusive man at the time so he may have contributed.)took it for about 3 months.  deposhot- loved it. cleared up my acne. no more periods. did gain 5lbs. started watching what i ate and it came off. took calcium supplements and also lift weights to counteract the bone loss it can cause. was on it for a year. have recommended to two other women and they like it also.  mirena- insertion hurt. no periods which is nice. minor acne flare ups. no mood swings/weight gain. so can feel the strings but they get softer the longer they are up there. had it for a few months now. like it alot. if you have insurance call them up odds are they will pay for the whole thing. the iud is as effective as getting your tubes tide and lasts for 5 years.(7 in europe.)   let me know if i can elaborate on anything. :)
t3_1yj96m-t3_1yj96m-cflirix	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	tonight i my last shift at this job. then i'm taking some time off.   the last three years i've worked my ass off through two intensely emotional break ups, my mother fighting and beating breast cancer and the realization that i'm bisexual.  i need a vacation. which us going to be full of dinners out, long nights spent with my gf and going to see some of my favorite bands.  if i had kids through all this i'd probably be in a psych ward.
t3_1ojtzm-t1_ccsswma-ccstyr2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.79	&gt;*pays almost nothing out of pocket.*  this is where you're wrong.  the plans are very narrow. the docs in a plan are quite limited and that's how the insurance companies are trying to limit their costs. it hasn't come to the forefront yet, but when people need a specialist, like the orthopaedic surgeon for your back surgery, the specialist doc may very likely be out of network. as you said, this isn't an emergency.  http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-09-23/turns-out-obamacare-is-going-to-limit-your-choices.html  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/09/23/health/lower-health-insurance-premiums-to-come-at-cost-of-fewer-choices.html?_r=1&amp;hp=&amp;adxnnl=1&amp;adxnnlx=1381928645-jrlaymiypyvg+59svm/7aq  so with your scenario, you have the platinum plan without a subsidy with a $1500 deductible and only covers 50% of the out of network costs. like this one:  https://www.medmutual.com/for-individuals-and-families/plans-products/individuals-and-families-plans/2014-plans-not-eligible-for-subsidies/copay-plans/platinum-copay-plans.aspx  so your surgery is $40k. ballpark figures, you pay $800 a month in premiums, have a $1500 deductible and only $20k of the surgery is covered. so your out of pocket expenses for three months for that surgery are $2400 in premiums, $1500 deductible and $20k of the surgical costs. that back surgery will cost you $23,900.  now if you have the bronze plan, again, purchased directly, not through an exchange, like this one.  https://www.medmutual.com/for-individuals-and-families/plans-products/individuals-and-families-plans/2014-plans-not-eligible-for-subsidies/copay-plans/bronze-copay-plans.aspx  ballpark figures are $350 for monthly premiums, but you have a $15000 deductible and no coverage for out of network. so you will pay the entire $40000 and pay your $1050 in premiums.  this out of network is a massive train coming down the rails that not many are talking about.  http://articles.latimes.com/2013/may/10/business/la-fi-kaiser-patient-referral-20130512  the very small networks are going to be a massive problem that those on medicaid are already familiar with. when i was diagnosed with an advanced breast cancer back in 1997 and then had a bilateral mastectomy, i discovered that the mastectomy was covered my medicaid, but there wasn't and still isn't a single plastic surgeon in the entire state of florida that accepts medicaid for breast reconstruction.  just because you have insurance does not mean you have health care.
t3_12ij3q-t3_12ij3q-c6vbjxf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is a somewhat long story. when i was in high school i was a overweight, introverted, shy loser. i had zero confidence and would let people walk all over me. there was a girl i wanted to be with, knew she had mutual feelings, but was still too afraid to make a move. we were good friends and had many classes together throughout high school. our senior year both of our mothers were diagnosed with cancer (my mother had breast cancer, hers had brain). we talked to each other often about what was going on and leaned on each other a lot. after a few years of both of us waiting for the other to make a move, she starts seeing another guy, james (not his real name). the week she starts seeing james, she comes to me and tells me things like, "when i'm with him i'm thinking about you.", "i wish i was kissing you instead of him.", "he doesn't know me like you do." etc. so i tell her to leave him and be with me instead. she says she can't do that, she doesn't want to hurt him. i say, "okay, i'll wait then." i unknowingly put myself in the friend-zone lvl 900... a few months go by and i get to the point where i can't stand to see them together and hear about them anymore so i tell her that she either needs to act on her feelings for me, or we need to cut communication. we cut communication and go our separate ways. two years goes by and i got a message on fb from her about her mom. i decide to call her and let her talk to me about it. we get to talking and we decide that she should come over to my apartment a couple days later. she comes over and we end up talking for about six hours about everything ranging from her mom, to us, to our lives in general. she had to work early the next morning so before she leaves, i ask her to come over after work tomorrow for dinner. she says yes and leaves. the next day, i go to the store, get everything for dinner, booze, and some flowers for her and the table. i made my signature drink, cooked a nice dinner and had a nice mood set for when she got to my place. we enjoy our dinner, drink, watch a movie, and start listening to music. as we're listening to music and the alcohol is setting in, she leans over and tells me, "i've always wanted to do this..." and starts kissing me. one thing leads to another and we have amazing, mind blowing sex that night. when we were finished, both exhausted, laying there holding each other, her phone starts ringing. she ignored the first few calls and then looked at her phone on the fourth call. when she sees who is calling, she starts crying, freaks out, gets dressed and runs out. i was confused so i try to ask what's up and she just runs out. i called the next day to see what the deal was. apparently, she was still with james. in fact, james had asked her to marry him and she told him no because she still had feelings for me (she left out the feelings for me part to him though). i quickly saw where this was going so i told her once again, "it's me or him. i'm not playing these games." she kept telling me she was going to leave him, she wanted to be with me, but was making no move to act on it. i got tired of this so i got james' phone number from a friend of mine that had some classes with him, sent him all the videos from our sexy time, the pictures she had sent me, and the videos of herself that she had sent. as i'm sending him all of this material, i got messages from her telling me to stop, that he was sitting right next to her. we haven't spoken since.  tl;dr: liked a girl, waited too long, she got with somebody else, hooked up later in life, she played games, i sent her so nudies of her from our sexy time.
t3_2579x9-t1_cheg8tn-chegucl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it is worth than that, too. if you have to pay to go the the gp a lot of people will put off going for minor things, which then might end up being major things. the sooner you catch health problems, the easier and cheaper they are to catch. i would imagine the cost of a few 'did not attends' is significantly lower than the cost of needing more hospital staff, doctors, surgery theatres, etc. preventative care exists because it works, we don't charge women for breast cancer screens even though it is only a certain age group of women who uses them because it is cheaper in the long run for everyone to catch it as early as possible.   this seems like a dumb idea that will cost more than it saves and make the healthcare system more socially unfair than it already is.
t3_1kd4gb-t3_1kd4gb-cbt2f7b	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8628	my sister and i both tested brca1 positive. she's a worrier so she went ahead with the prophylactic skin saving bilateral mastectomy and reconstruction.   i hadn't had my children yet (wanted to breastfeed) so i did the wait and see approach, but i was on a higher screening schedule so i had annual mammograms. one year, i missed my mammogram because i was pregnant. shortly after having my baby, i was diagnosed with locally advanced breast cancer. it has now metastasized and i've had multiple surgeries, radiation therapies and chemo treatments for the past 5 years.   in hindsight, i would definitely have gone ahead with the prophylactic mastectomy. it reduces your risk from 85% down to about 8% depending on the procedure. well worth it in my mind.    if you have any other questions or want more details, feel free to contact me.
t3_41j0gb-t1_cz2t7sz-cz37jl1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	to be honest, i think she is being a realist. i have been through cancer with my mother, she had breast cancer, they said she was in the clear after they operated and she completed chemo. not even 5 months later or recurred to her liver. she died 4 months later.  cancer isn't just something you can point at and make go away to never come back. she is right, it can come back, it is very common to come back. she is aware of this, this is not overblown, it is just how it is, and depending on what her cancer is will also determine how it responds to treatment. my mum had a double positive, it was severely resistant and aggressive, radiation and chemo made it grow faster.    yes cancer has killed her confidence in recovery, and yes watching someone you love go through cancer is traumatizing. i wish my mum was killed instantly over cancer, her response is understandable. maybe therapy could help, but to me i wouldn't suggest therapy, but instead to take up the support offer the hospital provides and join a cancer support group to be surrounded by other people who are suffering to help.
t3_1rndts-t3_1rndts-cdp36dy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom got cancer when i was four.   she says the most helpful things during that time were my siblings and i. many of my earliest memories involve my mom going through chemo and i am even tearing up a little while typing this. but, i don't know a mother-and-son pair who are closer than my mom and i. and i have cancer to thank for that, in a way. she had stage-3 breast cancer and was given a 20% chance of survival. she went through 11 rounds of chemo (which is almost unheard of). for me, it created a bond that can never be broken between my mom and i.    today, she is a 10-year survivor. complications from the chemo and side effects from medication during remission have led to her having osteoporosis, arthritis, and a bunch of other problems. on top of the fact that she went from being a very active 40-year old to having grey hair and hardly being able to run 100 meters at 45. but, she always has had us. and she always will.   my point is- surround yourself with family. not in a "be with me in the end" kind of way, but in a "let's beat this together." you have a long, hard battle ahead. don't do it alone. i have come to accept my mom's health issues, and, as strange as it sounds, i am sometimes thankful for them, because of the friendship that we have developed in the last 10 or so years. my mom is a survivor. and i could not be prouder.
t3_2k7sqr-t3_2k7sqr-clitart	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8395	i'm sorry. that sounds like a horribly traumatic experience, and you will need time to recover. you could consider a leave of absence. you'd certainly have sufficient justification for it.  that said, you might find it even harder having nothing to do. my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer at the beginning of this year, and i had to go back home to visit her, since i'm studying in a foreign country. (mercifully, they'll caught it early, and she is fine now.) on top of that, my granny died about two weeks before i defended. she was in her 90s and had alzheimer's, but it was still very sad. i found that keeping busy actually helped me get through both of those horrible situations, since it didn't allow me to dwell on them. but i'm not sure if i can recommend it as psychologically healthy. i cried a lot in my advisor's office, and had a few utter meltdowns in the process (i once told my advisor that i just wanted to quit so it would all be over, so super professional), and had some physical issues relating to stress. i might have been a lot better off i had just taken a leave of absence.   but it is possible to push yourself through and do it.
t3_3hrh28-t3_3hrh28-cua7lru	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey op, i too found a golfball sizes lump in my breast as a young woman (19) and i was told by my surgeon pre-removal that if i had breast cancer at 19, it would be so rare, i would be a medical case study. turns out it was a big harmless cyst. the surgeon even let me watch her remove it, which was badass. don't worry buddy, she'll be fine. a lot of boobies are actually full of cysts and when women hit full sexual maturity, they tend to get bigger, especially when we're pre-menstral .
t3_3j9cpo-t3_3j9cpo-cuncoxb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i talk to street corner preachers or people spreading "awareness" campaigns. because both of those things i find alarmingly stupid, and nothing makes those groups of people realize it faster than having to explain it to someone who has no idea what it is.  "oh wow, there's someone out there who loves me no matter what i do? and he died for my sins thousands of years ago? oh my god, and he came back to life? that's amazing! tell me more!"  or:  "breast cancer awareness? this is very important, i have no idea what breast cancer is."
t3_1tbst5-t3_1tbst5-ce6dylq	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my spouse died this year after fighting stage four inflammatory breast cancer for three years. a year of chemo aged her 30 years and nearly killed her after gradually destroying her immune system. radiation treatments were a walk in the park compared to the chemo. her compromised immune system meant she was susceptible to staph infections from the needles, and she got shingles across her face and head twice, blinding her in one eye and causing horrible neurological pain.   near the end, her skin was breaking down where the cancer had broken through, arms swollen and unable to move from lymphedema and swollen lymph nodes, tumours on multiple organs, and her right thoracic cavity filled with septic fluids that had to be drained weekly by inserting a needle through the back into a drainage point, otherwise she couldn't breathe properly due to the pressure on the lung and surrounding tumours. finally, she couldn't stand up or walk on her own, and her kidneys shut down. i would lift her up and put her on a porta-potty to pee and poop, which was physically very difficult for her.   the final few days she had to be sedated on morphine, after months of self-regulated hydromorphone and tramadol to control the general pain from the cancer and the neurological pain from the tumours that had invaded her spinal column and were pushing on her spinal cord.  she was brave and beautiful to the end, and we discussed exit options. she favoured hanging herself, as she wasn't sure that drugs would guarantee success, but her fragile state was too far along to allow the strength or mobility to do the job herself. i was ready to do whatever she wanted and we tried to figure out potential options with 'plausible deniability' for my involvement. as her caregiver for these past years, i think it's strange how we are allowed to treat our pet dog more humanely at the end than what we are allowed to do for our fellow human beings.   i have been left bereft and shaken by this experience, and i would not wish this kind of death on my worst enemy. f*ck cancer.  edit: typos. and thank you to my fellow redditors for your very compassionate responses - that was unexpected. i am not a hero. i know from experience that each of us can dig deep and rise to the occasion when circumstances require it. our actions in such difficult situations are just an expression of our love for them, and the desire to protect them and comfort them as best we can. and that’s all we can do.
t3_3zhb45-t1_cym50am-cymwe4d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a breast cancer ribbon tattoo on my inner forearm and was denied a job at starbucks... this is the only place that's ever had an issue with it and it absolutely boggles my mind - i work in engineering firms and they couldn't care less.
t3_dnlor-t1_c11kzo6-c11l2ui	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree. my father has brain cancer and it seems to make people far more uncomfortable than breast cancer. i think that the whole "breast cancer awareness" thing has been blown up into a fun boob party for some of these marketers. like many others, i have known several people who have had breast cancer, and all this "i like it on..." and pink shit doesn't seem to do too much. i'd rather see people donate money than update their facebook statuses.   also, according to [this](http://www.cancerservicesonline.org/cancer_awareness.asp) website, there are nine months of the year that have some time dedicated to some form of cancer. in theory, we should be wearing and doing stuff for every form of cancer out there, not just the popular ones.
t3_2tzyl2-t3_2tzyl2-co4ameq	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5197	i like the points overall, and it's a great rebuttal to that ridiculous poster at the center of all this. i have two comments.  no doubt the breast cancer machine is pinkwashed from the komen influence. it's now a huge industry, and churns out more do-nothing pink bullshit items than you can imagine. the whole movember issue is gaining steam, and i think that while the discussion is good and much-needed, it is running the risk of getting overrun faster than the pinkwashing did. the bracketed wording on this item, which reads "prostate cancer kills more men than women, yet ...". well of course it does, only men have prostates. do you mean to say something like "the number of men who die of prostate cancer is larger than the number of women who die from bc?" but i wouldn't say that because it's not true (see below). (btw, my wife is a cancer survivor, of both a very aggressive yet stage i breast cancer, as well as skin cancer.)  i just looked up some stats about prostate cancer, it has now matched the occurrence of breast cancer in women: 1 in 7 will be diagnosed with it in their lifetime.  1 in 38 men diagnosed with pc will die from it.  here's a linky: http://www.cancer.org/cancer/prostatecancer/detailedguide/prostate-cancer-key-statistics  the cancer society expects that, in 2015, 27500+ men will die from pc. but 40,290 women will die from bc.  ok, second item was the 4th from the bottom, about no fear of being drafted for military service. are you american? then you should understand our armed services are volunteer; there hasn't been a draft in decades.
t3_37n04t-t3_37n04t-cro5zfr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7266	i'd recommend getting a specialized tank with pockets for the drains so that they stay in place.   have someone bring pillows to the hospital when they pick you up. it helps to have one between the seat belt and yourself. and have lots of pillows when you sleep. i had a bilateral mastectomy so had to sleep on my back with pillows to prop up both arms.   make sure to do your stretches post-surgery. take your pain meds about 30 minutes before you do them.   i actually didn't find the recovery too difficult. the emotional toll takes longer.   congratulations on your upcoming nuptials! try to enjoy them without worrying too much.
t3_43oqej-t3_43oqej-czjupkh	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7949	i'm not a doctor and i know very little about triple positive pleomorphic breast cancer. i have stage iv breast cancer but a different kind altogether. so i can't speak to the medical side of this prognosis. what i will say is that i've known many people who were stage iiib, some even triple negative, who are years out from breast cancer and just fine. i, on the other hand, was stage i and had what was considered the most curable form of breast cancer. yet, despite having a tumor only the size of a pencil eraser and taking all available treatments, i have ended up in a stage iv situation. you just can't know what will happen. yes, there are statistics and you can hedge your bets when guessing on who will recur but you just can't totally know. even within stage iv breast cancer, there are people who survive for many years and some who survive only months. i know two women who were diagnosed the very same month as i who have already passed away. meanwhile, i'm living a somewhat normal life and hope to live for quite some time. there just is no real knowing. i know it's not what your mom or you want to hear but that's the truth of it. the best advice i can give, and i mean this with all sincerity, is learn to embrace uncertainty and live in today. that's the only way to do it.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hh47h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had two scares.   first one was for breast cancer. yes i'm a dude. we can get it too. went through the whole mammogram test and everything. was told 50/50. then was told it would be up to two weeks for conclusive results. my response to the doctor, "that's nice, send the results to me in alaska." i was leaving a few days later to work for 6 months up there. figured i couldnt change the outcome.   second was last year. i was having throat issues and my doc said he wouldn't know for the cause until he got in there. he said it could be cancer but that he couldn't schedule me for 4 weeks.   both ended up being something else. but when you hear that c word, you take notice and it can put you in a small spiral mentally.
t3_wtrch-t3_wtrch-c5gkmxq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a roommate who could not pay rent to me one month. normally, that isn't a big deal because i don't have roommates because i need them i let them live with me because they need it. however, that month i had missed a lot of work because my mom had been diagnosed with breast cancer and was going through appointments and surgeries. i was not able to make good on the check i had already written and was most assuredly already cashed. i texted my landlord (awesome guy right?) and asked if he had already put my check in the bank. he replied that he had just done it and asked me what was wrong. i had a breakdown and told him about my mom and left the roommate out of it. he texted me back that i didn't need to worry about it and that he would go into the bank and get my check back and i should just let him know when it was okay to deposit. he told me that he lost his mom when he was young and that he thought it was important for me to be with my mom while i still have her.  he's not a unicorn, or a mermaid. he let us rent his house with crappy credit because he liked us and he knew we had the income to pay the rent. my husband (fiancé at the time) was living in his friends front room and i was at my moms while we were searching because there was nobody taking us. nobody from the church my family attended nothing. we made absurdly more than it would take to cover the rent that we were looking at and no one would look twice at us.  this guy gave us his first rental home on a good feeling. i am eternally grateful to him. we have been here almost three years.
t3_2ou01q-t1_cmr0hzo-cmr0nfa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	possibly, but i am a pediatric endocrinologist my experience and training are in pediatric disease. dipg is one of the most devastating pediatric cancers we know of so i am very familiar with how difficult they are to treat (but apparently 11 years of training don't mean a damn thing to people in this subreddit).   i have not researched breast cancer so i cannot comment on them.
t3_47r62p-t3_47r62p-d0fcns1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8369	i had a clogged duct for 2 days. was conviced i had breast cancer or something before i finally got baby to help nurse it away. it was a very tricky clog.
t3_2siu0t-t3_2siu0t-cnsj1hj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7408	i'm sorry about your diagnosis.  i have metastatic breast cancer which is incurable.    i always found the "letters from the grave" thing creepy.  i decided not to do it.  i just scrapbook, and put pictures of our happy times together. as you are a man and are not likely to be interesting in the fussy design aspect of scrapbooking, you can do photo books.  upload your photos and write your thoughts about various pictures, put who is in them, dates - print and send.  it's easy.  find some of you as a child and put down some of your memories of childhood. presumably, you have home movies and things already so just make sure you are in them rather than the photographer.    i'd found a book once that asked me questions and i could answer them for my kids to read later.  but it bored me and i never finished it.  :)  i have kept a blog since day 1 so they have that to read although it is mostly about my therapy and what i've been through.    whatever you do, it should be "you."
t3_1s4ixo-t1_cdu0bny-cdu0g91	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7555	highest of fives! she had breast cancer in the mid-90s and had to have a mastectomy. remission for eight years and then liver cancer that was either metastasis or from the hepatitis she contracted as a kid. we don't know, but either way she had a good and happy run.  for a long time she was getting kind of big around the middle from the fluid collecting because of reduced liver function, and we always referred to it as her triplets. she loved bread and watermelon and insisted on eating it because she also had to make sure the triplets got enough since she was eating for them too.  this woman also told my sister as a tot that chocolate pudding was made of blood, and she called me by the wrong name sometimes because she got sick of the one she gave me when i was born. i often called her "josephine" in retaliation.  i have no idea how i'd have handled everything if i couldn't laugh about it. i got my sense of humor from her.
t3_11kw8c-t3_11kw8c-c6nn9gf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5845	as a woman that is getting a mamogram due to a large lump in my breast and lymphnode, fuck susan j koman and fuck breast cancer awareness. i wanted to rip up the "decorations" at school. my grandmother is a survivor, my other family members with breast cancer wasn't so lucky. i guess we have that mutated gene. it's curable if caught early enough, play with out tits, we get it already. move on to something else already. if it does turn out i have breast cancer, i hope nobody treats me diffrent. there is way worse out there. i'll tell anyone that. my mother suffered for chemo every 3 days for 3 weeks straight. people with breast cancer only get it once a month. fuck that jazz. support the causes that actually need research.
t3_1ybx3w-t1_cfjh90h-cfji6lg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; i think maybe you shouldn't be surprised next time you have to concede on a point if you are going to argue with people whose entire education and career revolve around the subject you are debating...  i'm a health and nutrition author.    the part that i conceded on was a very small facet to the whole of the conversation.  all i conceded to was that soybean oil has a small amount of phytoestrogens compared to other soy products.  there was nothing provided that countered the whole of my point which was:  * there aren't any studies that will provide statistics on exactly how much soy is contributing to breast cancer, but it will definitely help fuel breast cancer because estrogen is what fuels breast cancer. anything that has estrogen mimickers like plastics and pesticides will also help fuel breast cancer. the only stats that i have is that breast cancer incidence rates are going up and so is consumption of soy.  sure he provides a source with a reference says that soy consumption doesn't contribute to breast cancer, but like anything else there's conflicting studies.  go figure most of the positive studies on soy consumption are sponsored by the soy industry.  here's a recommendation from the american cancer society:  * women with breast cancer should take in only moderate amounts of soy foods as part of a healthy, plant-based diet. they should not ingest very high levels of soy in their diet or take concentrated sources of soy such as soy-containing pills or powders, or supplements containing high amounts of isoflavones.  so please enlighten me on what part it was i was so uneducated about that i was just shown up on?
t3_ciiad-t3_ciiad-c0strat	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6988	stage iii (2 weeks away from stage iv) colorectal cancer.  three surgeries, chemotherapy, radiation, 2 years of morphine and permanent disability.  after five years, you can use the word "cured".  it may sound petty, but as a cancer patient, that date is very symbolic.  i was looking forward to it just to be able to say "i am cured".  i had invited 12 family members out to dinner to celebrate at a very nice local restaurant.  two hours before dinner, i was told i had breast cancer.
t3_2pxlg9-t1_cn11z86-cn12nih	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6569	do note ... medical insurance can be conned into giving you perm makup tattoos (tattoo eyeliner not worth it ... it does grow out.fade over time and other than first week or two it looks odd (sis went there..regretted it).  plus side was she had been toying with the idea of a bood job.  a medically required double mastectomy meant she actually got to booster her cup size thanks to insurance ;d.. granted the reconstruction period sucked and one of her docs botched part of it.. but the end results...she happy .. hubby overjoyed and kids too young to notice. (she now a 10+yr survivor)
t3_25yy6f-t3_25yy6f-chm2un6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they're all made differently and not yet regulated. try to quit, and if you need help, chew the gum. cut a straw in half and suck on that as a cigarette, so you still have the motion. soon, you won't even need that.  i started smoking at 15, and it took a scare of breast cancer at 50 to make me quit. it did nothing positive for my body, and certainly drained my pocketbook. good luck.
t3_1ipcec-t1_cb6r9s5-cb79nim	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6127	&gt;  i miss having a mom, but she's not my "mom," if that makes sense.  i understand that.  i hope my perspective can help you.  i remember the moment when it finally dawned on me that i never had real parents.  real parents don't beat the crap out of you for making "that damn noise" known as crying, just for starters.  i remember when it dawned on me with a sense of shock then that i had two people who gave me a roof over my head, food and clothes.... but ultimately, i was the emotional equivalent of an orphan.    so i offer you this...  if it can help...  you didn't have a mother, you had an "egg donor".     my egg-donor gave birth to my body via the egg-producing mechanism in her ovaries, but she did not give birth to my core self, my core spirit, my creative soul.  that true core self fought for years to figure out what "being a good person" honestly meant, since i had no good role models.    only recently have i realized *that positive spirit was actually who i was in the first place*... and i had to get stage 4 metastatic breast cancer (which i am still fighting) before i finally, truly understood that.  the deep self-hate they had succeeded in instilling in me was utterly wrong.   turns out i didn't have to search for who i always was in the first place.    i may look like them, i may have their dna, but i am not them.  ultimately, she and her husband did their best to destroy that core inner spirit via their child-abusing narcissism, but in the very long run, they did not succeed.     thinking of my own immediate ancestors in this way (sperm donor/egg donor) helps me cope and gives me a sense of healing perspective.    i think perhaps you may have to accept yourself as an "emotional orphan" - to know you never had a mom, which sucks bigtime.  she gave birth to your body, but not to your true inner spirit.     getting to know and nurturing your true inner spirit as it's own being should have been her first priority, period.  that's what makes a mom a mom.  she absolutely didn't.   that's why she is nothing but an egg donor.     draw your boundaries by figuring out what actually nurtures your true inner self.   then reject everything from her (and anyone else) which does not respect that bright inner core.  from this moment on, plant a flag into the ground that declares you will accept nothing else than whatever nurtures your true creative soul and then live your own life from there.
t3_46ys3z-t3_46ys3z-d095m9z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6683	best wish for your fil and family x  high: this week is my last line clean before i have it removed next week, cant wait for removal but really going to miss the nurse i see every week.  low: bit worried about surgery next week, having line removed and my implant taken out and changed for a bigger one....i know it will be nowhere near as bad as my mastectomy but its still pretty scary.
t3_1kjn7o-t1_cbpok0p-cbpu9ig	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	'pinkwashing' infuriates me. i intentionally avoid purchasing products with a tie-in to the komen corporation ('charity', my ass) because their 'awareness' bullshit is just a giant sham. if people took the money they wasted on pink-themed crap and directly donated it to actual cancer research, or programs that assisted cancer patients with travel to and from chemo, or programs that provided financial assistance or in-home help or whatever, so many more genuinely useful improvements would be accomplished.   i also avoid donating because of how they pulled funding for breast cancer screenings from planned parenthood; their behaviour after being shamed for it doesn't rectify what they did in the first place. i have a friend who is a breast cancer survivor who requires more in-depth screenings, and she relies on programs like that since she can no longer qualify for insurance. if any of their reps try to get me to donate, i have no problems laying out how i think the entire corporation is a scam.
t3_49wtee-t1_d0w7lbm-d0wd6ei	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7378	i had breast cancer in 2012, not only did they save my life through multiple surgeries, months of chemo and radiotherapy but i didn't have to pay a penny extra - oh and there was zero wait, the long queues are generally for non-urgent treatments.
t3_1g7u0v-t3_1g7u0v-cai0pfs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7977	i had breast cancer a few years ago and i have to sa that i am so sick of all of this comercialism shit.  it goes beyond breast cancer.  at the retail establishment where i work, they ssem to use it for whatever they want to prmote: veterans, breast cancer, heart association, it doesnt matter.  it is all about making money for the company and improving the company image.
t3_371tze-t1_criztfp-crjd5lm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	terrible. i'm in my twenties and still have a cups. it's terrible. i have a lot of weird eating habits because i **have** to stay thin. i gained a little weight in college (who doesn't?) and none of it went to my boobs. i just got a little belly but because my boobs are so small my belly stuck out past them and it made me look straight up like a toddler. so i can't ever eat anything because to even maintain a semblance of a feminine body i have to keep my stomach completely flat because i randomly got assigned these terrible small boobs.  it's definitely better as an adult, and there are admittedly a whole bunch of perks. but, man, growing up was rough. no boys ever looked at me in school. guys in college would call me a 'surfboard' and '12 year old boy' to my face. really shitty comments like that. i still get down on myself when random reminders come up... i was watching arrested development and there's this one quick scene (maybe 25 seconds at most) where george sr. and kitty are in bed, side by side with his arm around her and his hand on her chest. and he says something along the lines of "jesus christ, there's nothing to grab onto down there" in a really pissed off voice. like somehow kitty had slighted him by not having dd's and he was frustrated that she couldn't do better.   and that's what sucks about having small boobs. guys have this expectation of dd's and anything less is a failing grade. it's so shitty.   there's literally nothing i could do about it. i would never get a boob job – i wouldn't want people in my life to see me as that superficial and shallow and insecure. but, man, (and this is so fucked up) but sometimes, only sometimes, i wish i would get stage i breast cancer. if i had breast cancer, i'd get the lumpectomy plus a boob job in a heart beat. and then people can't say shit! because cancer. (wow, that's so fucked up.)  edit- sorry, i didn't mean to come off so mean and bitter. i think i'm just really hungry. also i didn't really answer your question... the waiting to grow thing - i was so ready for my boobs to grow. i prayed for it constantly. threw pennies in fountains. i kept holding out hope and then right around 23 i finally was like, 'nope, this is it.'
t3_2jgzsm-t3_2jgzsm-clbp1pa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had one pregnancy on purpose (conceived the first month of trying) and no pregnancy "scares" in the 14 years i was sexually active and not pregnant.   i've never been cavalier about pregnancy prevention but i haven't been perfect either. i probably take my pill not on time (but within 24 hours) once or twice a month. i've taken plan b a handful of times when i've felt worried. one time i had a condom break when i was not on the pill (plan b again), and i started the pill again 2 days later.   i would have had an abortion if i became pregnant when i didn't want to be--but the way i feel about it...it's somewhat like saying i would have a mastectomy if i had breast cancer. i would really really rather not go through that if i can help it.
t3_2cwl01-t3_2cwl01-cjjvcun	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8	another option is that you had a very vivid dream where she died and your memories actually trace back to your dream. if it was that vivid, then it could possibly be a premonition. you might want to tell janet to have a check up specifically related to cancer. if you remember what kind of cancer, that might help.   in his book on premonitions, larry dossey, m.d., tells of medical cases where the patients sought such check ups related to dreams. premonitions often come in the form of dreams more vivid than usual dreams. in one case, a woman dreamed she had breast cancer. the exam by her doctor found nothing. she insisted on a biopsy which discovered the cancer.   &gt;[i regard premonitions as a form of preventive medicine, because they so often warn us of threats to our health. for instance, one woman reported a dream premonition of a breast cancer before it appeared on breast exam or on a mammogram, when there was no lump or symptom of any kind. she even saw the specific location. a breast biopsy confirmed her premonition, and minor surgery completely cured her.](http://paranormal.about.com/od/espandtelepathy/a/power-premonitions.htm)  he gives more details about this story in his more recent book, one mind.  &gt;[a woman had a dream that she had breast cancer. worried sick, she visited her physician  the next morning. she pointed with one finger to a specific spot in her upper left breast  where she'd seen the cancer in the dream. "it's right here,‟ she said. she could not feel a  lump, however, and neither could her physician. a mammogram was done, which was normal. when the physician reassured her that nothing was wrong and that they should  take a wait-and-see approach with frequent exams, she was not satisfied. "this was the most vivid dream i've ever had,” she protested. “i'm certain i have breast  cancer at this exact spot.” when she insisted on going further, the physician, against his  better judgment, pressured a surgeon to do a biopsy. "but where? there's nothing there,‟  the surgeon objected. "look, just biopsy where she points,‟ the physician said. in a few  days the pathologist called the original doctor with the report. "this is the most  microscopic breast cancer i've seen,‟ he said. "you could not have felt it. there would  have been no signs or symptoms. how did you find it?‟, "i didnt,‟ he replied. "she did. in  a dream.‟ ](http://www.letmagichappen.com/images/uploads/documents/pdc2013-burk.breastcancerdreams.pdf)
t3_3a1twt-t3_3a1twt-cs8m5bp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7494	my current girlfriend got breast cancer at 21.  i was 23, and she told me over the phone.  big moment, but she got the treatment, we hung in there and she's now 24 and clear. don't let the negative thoughts beat you. you'll be okay.
t3_4l4dop-t3_4l4dop-d3kgjy0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7529	i have a history of breast cancer in my family, my great aunt and my mother. years ago i found a lump. obviously i freaked out. but, i went to the doctor and he checked me out. it turned out to be a small cyst.  it was scary, but then i didn't have to worry anymore. go!
t3_dns3k-t1_c11mzbb-c11p3md	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have to disagree. one in 8 american women are afflicted with breast cancer each year, which is why this particular cancer gets so much exposure. i feel the attempts at raising awareness is much more than an attempt to make a dollar...for the right agencies. sure, there are some that profit from it, but there are many more that do this for the right reasons.   i was diagnosed with stage iv inflammatory breast cancer at age 32, a rare and aggressive cancer. it was found not only in my breast, but in my lymph nodes, ribs, and spine. i won't bore you with the gruesome details of my treatment, but i will say that i truly believe awareness and advances in research are major contributors to me being alive today, at age 38. so as a survivor, i am grateful for awareness and research. research, by the way, that some of these retailers who sell pink products contribute to monetarily through the sale of said products. i thank them and my children thank them. how about you stop bashing?    tl;dr: woman given very slim odds of survival lives 6 years so she can disagree with op.
t3_xtj0l-t3_xtj0l-c5pgm8l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's not how science works, it's not about discovering practical things, it's about finding out new things about our universe and, however impractical the immediate results may seem, they can often be extremely useful. take the hubble telescope for example, when it was sent up, it was out of focus. they had no way of fixing the broken mirror short of going back to space so they had to work with what they had. scientists developed an algorithm to refocus the images back on earth. that algorithm is used today to detect breast cancer 6 months early.  james maxwell was asked about how useless electricity is (ironic now but back then it was just a little toy) and he responded with: &gt;to prove to an indignant questioner on the spur of the moment that the work i do was useful seemed a thankless task and i gave it up. i turned to him with a smile and finished, 'to tell you the truth we don't do it because it is useful but because it's amusing.' the answer was thought of and given in a moment: it came from deep down in my soul, and the results were as admirable from my point of view as unexpected. my audience was clearly on my side. prolonged and hearty applause greeted my confession. my questioner retired shaking his head over my wickedness and the newspapers next day, with obvious approval, came out with headlines 'scientist does it because it's amusing!' and if that is not the best reason why a scientist should do his work, i want to know what is. would it be any good to ask a mother what practical use her baby is? that, as i say, was the first evening i ever spent in the united states and from that moment i felt at home. i realised that all talk about science purely for its practical and wealth-producing results is as idle in this country as in england. practical results will follow right enough. no real knowledge is sterile. the most useless investigation may prove to have the most startling practical importance: wireless telegraphy might not yet have come if clerk maxwell had been drawn away from his obviously 'useless' equations to do something of more practical importance. large branches of chemistry would have remained obscure had willard gibbs not spent his time at mathematical calculations which only about two men of his generation could understand. with this faith in the ultimate usefulness of all real knowledge a man may proceed to devote himself to a study of first causes without apology, and without hope of immediate return.
t3_1jugim-t3_1jugim-cbihkl9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7505	my wife had a left sife mastectomy with a nipple tattoo. after several years the reults have been great. with her shirt on, you can't tell she has had anything done. i think it is great what this guy is doing and anything anybody does to make mastectomy patients feel better about themselves is great in my book.
t3_48wi9t-t3_48wi9t-d0q5fpu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5564	i just graduated from law school and i had a lot of awful social-related trauma in my 3l year there which made me want to quit. i white-knuckled it, pushing through by focusing on working hard, realizing i had loans and had rec'd parental help and that this was a time in my life i couldn't re-do. you can re-do law school but you can't get the time back. now, i've passed the bar and gotten a great job, and been practicing for a few months, but back then i was so utterly depressed and depleted from social fall-out and it was compounded by my mother (who i lived with to save money) being diagnosed with breast cancer at 60. she ended up having a mastectomy during the actual days of the bar exam, she's fine now, and i've learned from my mistakes. the point is, you're up for this challenge, you can handle this. lawyers are forced to wear so many hats and constantly be 'on' and persuasive and 'happy.' it can push your mental health to the brink, so try to be compassionate toward yourself. your peers are never going to be your judge &amp; jury, you're not on trial, you're there to make the grade, get your degree, pass the bar, and be the best attorney you can be. they don't know what's in your heart, so don't let yourself believe this mistake defines you.
t3_43wmad-t3_43wmad-czmgvtv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my aunt had both ovarian and breast cancer at the same time. at first we thought it was metastasis but no, those two were completely unrelated. it was a very rare case but it happens.   in your dad's case however it might have been metastasis. my uncle (non-smoker but worked all his life in a factory with no protection against toxic fumes) had lung cancer that later spread to several parts so that might have being the same for your dad. sorry about your loss.
t3_o028v-t1_c3db7ve-c3db9px	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	haha actually, there's another question for you! how good do you think the excerpt from this essay is, by your standards?   computer vision is a field concerned with acquiring, processing, analysing and understanding images in order to retrieve meaningful information from them. (shapiro, stockman. 2001.) this discipline includes a tremendous and extensive variety of applications.   it is applied in critical systems, such as trophy, a system used by the israel defense forces armored corps, which detects incoming anti-tank missiles and dispatches interceptor missiles (rafaelltdmarketing, 2010.) and has been used successfully in the gaza strip. (harel.2011.) image analysis applications are also an emerging tool for diagnosticians, used in the diagnoses of both diabetic retinopathy (hann et al. 2009) and breast cancer (myers. 2011.) computer vision based techniques have even been used to create driverless cars, including ‘stanley’, stanford university’s winning entrant of the 132-mile-long 2005 darpa grand challenge (the first year in which the challenge was completed) (russell. 2006.) in fact, in the time since the 2005 darpa grand challenge, google have used autonomous vehicles (with human supervision) to drive all over the state of california (including busy, urban areas) (bbc. 2011.) and have since petitioned the state of nevada to enact regulations which would allow autonomous vehicles to operate on public roads. (douglas. 2011.) in addition to these principal uses which continue to be researched, computer vision is also used for more commercial and superficial applications.
t3_26w8cg-t3_26w8cg-chv7l1d	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm still working on this question, having battled clinical depression, occasionally with suicidal feelings, for many years. eight months ago, i was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. it has spread to my bones and liver. i'm going through chemo right now, but know that the 5-year survival rate for my illness is less than 20%.   surprisingly, i'm coping pretty well. friends and family have been extremely supportive. til- cancer is much easier for people to understand and relate to than depression. life seems more precious to me than ever before, perhaps because i have more of a focus now. i'm interested in creating good memories for my loved ones and helping them in any way i can. this includes writing a journal with my best thoughts, encouragement, and expressions of loving support for my partner, to hopefully help him move on after i'm gone. but my focus is not on death.  i'm happy to continue the adventure of being alive for as long as possible.  not sure if you will find this helpful, as everyone's situation is unique, but realizing that life doesn't last long for any of us has been important for me. i've found a sense of purpose, joy and courage that i didn't know i was capable of.   while it took cancer to get the message through to me, it doesn't have to be that way for you. what would you like to accomplish if you had only a couple of years left? whose lives could you touch and leave better off than if they'd never met you? thinking about the next few years is less overwhelming than imagining a whole life stretching ahead of you. consider trying to make the next few years great, and i'll bet the ones after that will be great too. i wish you all the best.
t3_2e28tl-t1_cjvg8sv-cjvlzpm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they probably mean susan g komen.  i have a friend who died of breast cancer and when she went to the various charities for help they all basically said they didn't actually do anything for those with cancer, they just promoted awareness and education.  sgk is the worst though, as they're pretty aggressive in protecting their trademarks, which seems like the exact opposite of 'promoting awareness'
t3_26d975-t3_26d975-chq5lnk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	aw shit too late and this is gonna get buried but where else am i gonna share this one. my parents love throwing parties and when i was in high school we had a breast cancer fundraiser party. maybe like 70 people, and was a combination of family members and friends. well my aunt walked to the driveway and her windshield was cracked and looked like somebody fucking shot it. like a small circle and tons of cracks running everywhere along the windshield. completely destroyed. the weird part was nobody heard a thing (even though we probably were very loud). we have one really sketchy neighbor who's done weird shit in the past. one party prior to this one this neighbor of ours got fucked up and walked to our house and passed out in the driveway. we think it was him, but we had no idea who cracked the windshield. weird guy.
t3_43wmad-t3_43wmad-czlmqv9	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7818	i had breast cancer and renal cell cancer at the same time . totally unrelated . my kidney ca was found during an mri for my breast ca. it's not likely but it is possible.
t3_1g0334-t1_cafolzw-cafp1gc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i heard that it was a pretty busy place, so i was expecting the staff there to want me in and out as fast as possible (which wasn't good since it was to be my first time going to a doctor by myself.) but it turned out that the people were extremely polite, patient, and happy to answer any questions i had. they even gave me a pocket folder stuffed with mtf-related pamphlets and information.   i had to fill out a bunch of paperwork about my own and my family's medical history, as well as the meds i was on and the dosages. if you don't know, ask you family if there are any health issues you would want to tell the doctor. high cholesterol, liver issues, and breast cancer are the biggest concerns.
t3_259wlg-t3_259wlg-chf414a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's common nowadays for women to do their own breast exams. but doctors can and do still do them, whether it's because the woman doesn't self-check or because the doctor wants to make sure nothing has gone amiss with the breasts.  i have a family history of breast cancer so i'm used to getting my breasts checked and checking them myself. it's not a big deal. male doctors, female doctors, i don't care. it's not like it's a sexual experience.
t3_r19rv-t1_c429guu-c42ay8n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a pink harrow shaft for breast cancer awareness. i got picked on by the other team defense guys until they saw me score more than 3 goals a game. then they shut their mouths
t3_30jg8z-t3_30jg8z-cptftyh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8084	i have a question.    with breast cancer it's usually the actual mammary tissue that's cancerous, right? is there any reason they can't just kinda, scoop it all out, and replace it with the implant, while leaving the skin intact? or at least save the nipple?
t3_pzor4-t1_c3tk9yb-c3tn2ea	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm a carrier of one of the brca gene mutations. that means in my lifetime (prior to factoring in environmental factors) i have an 87% chance of getting breast cancer and an 44% chance of getting ovarian cancer. i can eat well and exercise all i want and it's (most likely) still coming...
t3_1std66-t1_ce1r0o9-ce1zqv5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7546	the mastectomy was quite easy, but the hysterectomy was a little bit more difficult. my family doctor was initially quite hesitant to refer me to someone to get it done, but said that if i said i was going to continue my treatment of testosterone (that i was taking at the time to make my voice lower, but didn't intend to continue), and due to some rather unfortunate events in my past, he would be able to pass me on to the proper authorities in good conscience, as it may be medically nessecary later on. i had actually never considered it until he brought it up on that day, but i did a bit (a whole lot) of research, and was on board. hope your friend is doing well, by the way.  edit: after reading the other response to your comment i must say that living in canada was probably a factor, as our doctors tend to be quite accepting.
t3_1frkz8-t1_cad3ztx-cad75uy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm hijacking the top comment to let you know about [/r/cancer](http://www.reddit.com/r/cancer/). it was helpful to me when i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 25.   i'm so sorry this happened to you. the doggy is aww-worthy.
t3_26m0ii-t1_chslk0b-chswwjd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5125	they might . . .  you know . . . they're getting better with meds . . . a hundred years ago bipolar and schizophrenia, depression and anxiety were pretty untreatable . . . now i know people with all those illnesses who are doing rather well (as well as most folks do). i have a friend with stage iv breast cancer who is on her sixth year after she was told she'd be dead in six months.  so . . . maybe there's something pretty cool for you right around the corner. you're literate . . . insightful . . . working with the right psych could rewrite the future you're facing . . .  i've had some good luck with good doctors and some treatments work much better for me than others . . . hypnosis for example. who knew that was an actual thing . . .  i'm not offering solutions.  i always think that's kind of arrogant . . . but i think feeling very depressed often occludes the full range of options . . .   i hope you have a good night . . .
t3_47nxsn-t3_47nxsn-d0etrt0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes - especially if there is no real apology be specific in the reasons why you are making contact be specific in the ground rules be specific be specific be specific  guilt alone doesn't cut it  the fact that your ngma is old and you mom is re-entering contact isn't enough.  so what?  i hate to sound really n-ish (it isn't meant to be that way), do you need something from n-gma long term to survive, like important medical records?*  if not, you are just going to be dragged back into bad cycles.  *this statement is coming from someone who is low to no contact with nfamily, except around one thing: medical records/genomic+epigenomic data, because of high incidences of breast cancer in nmom's family at very young ages with unique sets of some people having gene markers and some not.  if it weren't for the fact that as a family we are all research candidates and that there are members who have died scarily young and/or have had repeated cancers very young, i probably would never talk to them.
t3_2k9ep4-t3_2k9ep4-cljev5f	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6687	i know little about bot (back-of-tongue cancer), only what i've read.  however, i do know that with cancer, a wait of a week or several weeks until treatment begins will not negatively affect the prognosis - at least that's what i've been told and read.  i had early-stage breast cancer, and my lumpectomy wasn't until three or so weeks after my diagnosis.  of course, each cancer is different from all others, so what i say here may not always fit.  i wish your father and you and your family a good outcome.
t3_2g3l14-t1_ckfi3a9-ckfiyzu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.594	i know she was only telling me so i wouldn't worry. after her breast cancer went into remission i thought she was going to be fine. either she told me and i've blocked it out, or i misunderstood but she had bone cancer too. she said something about incurable. but when it came back on her liver and had spread to her brain we kinda knew it was serious, but she refused to give in. she went from being able to walk and stuff to having to be sedated and on morphine because the brain tumor went from bad to severe. in 36 ish hours.    not sure why i've gone and told a story... i think i just needed to get some of it out.
t3_wdrkp-t1_c5cnuy7-c5cq9aw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, yeah.  it kinda went better than expected.  i mean, really, i don't have anything besides humorous stories out of the whole thing and some abuse of the college system ("i'm sorry, professor, i... i have cancer" type abuse).  admittedly, i was kinda freaked out, but i didn't really have time to do it.  the second doctor told me it probably wasn't anything, but go to the urologist.  the urologist visit was...  i saw him, he took some tests, had an ultrasound done, disappeared for a few hours, came back, and said:  "so.  you have cancer.  i called the insurance company, and i told them that you're in pain to get it out quickly.  your surgery is tomorrow at 7 am.  you can't leave the hospital, by the way.  have a good evening, see you tomorrow!"  so i basically had about 14 hours of "what?  i have cancer?" - and less, really, since i did eventually sleep.  then it turned out to be an encapsulated tumor only in the testicle.  it never spread, and i didn't need chemo, and it just meant regular visits for the next few years.  the man-breasts were actually more awkward, because i mean, literal breast tissue.  i couldn't get rid of it no matter how much i exercised, ever.  it was eventually covered by insurance, but let's just say that getting insurance to cover plastic surgery is a pain in the ass.  even after i got it pre-approved, they tried to deny the claim because they didn't even think to check it and just saw plastic surgery.  :\  but yes, i can proudly claim i know all sorts of things about breasts.  like what it feels like to have someone else awkwardly grope them.  thanks, doc.  glad you let interns experiment on me.
t3_1sv9yc-t3_1sv9yc-ce1px7n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	googling a diagnosis is generally a bad idea. i was diagnosed with breast cancer and the doc said not to google because there are so many different kinds of breast cancer.
t3_3xvh51-t1_cy8cwl6-cy8lr3x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6657	wow, this story hits super close to home. i was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer at 22 years old. at the time of my diagnosis, i was dating my boyfriend for about a month who had recently deployed. i was afraid to tell him and didn't know what to do. i honestly thought of ending it with him because it wasn't fair to him to have a sick girlfriend. i ended up telling him and he stuck with me through it all. i'm incredibly lucky to have him.  op, i'm happy that you showed genny the best year of her life.
t3_4a35s5-t1_d0xdihr-d0xe6ni	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the problem with your ideal is that it is to leave the people alone...and we no longer live in the wild west... and one persons "freedom" in the conservative world does impinge upon the health/rights of another person (there are just too many of us now).   we live in a society where "united we stand, divided we fall" is the truth...   we need to face up to the fact that your utopia is not going to exist unless a lot of people die  my utopia is not going to exist unless a lot of people are able to get over themselves and do better  in the middle somewhere is using our own money (taxes) to build the right systems (infrastructure, and social programs) to make sure that we have a healthy workforce, and a robust economy.  we have already seen that a system that allows too much power to business does nothing but cause slave labor conditions, and environmental destruction (and they are making more land).   the opposite side of that is the famous bread lines in the soviet union.   you have a retarded utopia- unfettered capitalism will definitely work- that is until you have to pay for a family members cancer treatment... or have a baby born with health problems.   just look at the guys here in oregon who took over the wildlife refuge, suddenly taking public defenders is ok. my own mil who voted for bush for selfish reasons...   and was going to vote for trump until it dawned on her that he would take away obamacare (which she signed up for when she got breast cancer)...   this is the biggest problem i have with conservatives- nancy reagan was a prime example- didn't like gays until her own child was gay, didn't support stem cell research until ronnie got sick...  they hate any government program, until they need it. i don't see any conservative turning down social security or medicare...   so your utopia is really anything that benefits you is right, and anything that benefits your fellow man is communism...
t3_3uo16o-t1_cxgi3d3-cxgmqxc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7435	about 20 years ago, my mother got diagnosed with breast cancer. she had a mastectomy and chemo and came out ahead after a year of fighting it. she spent the next 10 years going in for her yearly checkup, finally being declared a success after her 10th trip. i remember we all kind of celebrated when we found out-nothing formal, mind you, just a kind of collective family sigh of relief.  about a year later, she tripped coming down the steps and landed pretty hard on her left hip. she was only in her late 50s, so not quite into the classic "old lady falls and breaks her hip and spends the rest of her life using a walker" stage, but, still, old enough for some concern, so she went to the hospital to get checked out, ya know, just to make sure she didn't break anything.  they found a tumor on the x-ray. fucking motherfucking, piece-of-shit, cock-sucking bone cancer. she beat breast cancer only to have a completely different type jump up and kick her in the face anyway.   now, the problem with bone cancers is: it's damn near impossible to actually cure them. soft tissue cancers, they can cut out the big chunks, pump you full of poison and have a decent shot at eliminating it, but that's pretty difficult to do when it comes to bone cancer, especially when it's in the pelvic girdle. but they *can* generally control them, at least as long as the treatments keep working. as her oncologist often said, "my job in this is to keep the cancer away long enough for something else to kill you". my mom stuck with her because she appreciated her candor and brusk manner.  the first treatment she went on (the one with the least amount of side-effects, she was determined to avoid anything like the effects of chemo she had been through with the breast cancer, especially since now it wouldn't be working towards a cure) was explained as likely only working for about six months before either the cancer got out ahead of it or the side effects (neuropathy of the hands being the most common) got too bad to endure. that shit worked for damn near five years before it's efficacy started to drop off. then started the cycling of treatments (including two that didn't exist when she was first diagnosed): a year here, six months there.    until finally, last november, they reached the point where the only  options left were the really extreme forms of chemo. those ones that took all your hair and left you sick for 5 days after your weekly treatment. well, my mom literally feared those more than death, so she opted to discontinue treatment and switch to comfort care. we had a great christmas: my daughter was home for a week from the army and the rest of us lived close, so we got to spend a lot of time with her while she was feeling pretty strong. less than a month later, one week before my birthday, she was gone. we were lucky in that, unlike many who pass from bone cancer, her pain was well-controlled and she died peacefully.  during this time, we always wondered if every holiday with her was going to be the last. every celebration had that faint pall of death floating over it, because we never knew if her cancer was going to metastasize into someplace like her brain or pancreas and take her from us in a few days or weeks. some of her greatest worries involved missing events in her grandchildren's lives. but she got to see both of my kids graduate from 8th grade, multiple formal dances, my daughter's quinceanera, my daughter's high school and army graduations, my graduation from community college (after i went back to redeem my earlier mistakes that lead to my dropping out when i was 18) and she only missed my son's high school graduation and my university graduation by a few months. so at least she knew things were going to be good for us.  tl;dr: fucking fuck cancer.
t3_2zahb9-t1_cph7e7z-cpherq7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you should be aware that the wpath considers facial feminization surgery to be medically necessary in cases like yours.   &gt;medically necessary sex reassignment procedures also include complete hysterectomy, bilateral mastectomy, chest reconstruction or augmentation as appropriate to each patient (including breast prostheses if necessary), genital reconstruction (by various techniques which must be appropriate to each patient, including, for example, skin flap hair removal, penile and testicular prostheses, as necessary), facial hair removal, **and certain facial plastic reconstruction** as appropriate to the patient.  &gt;"non-genital surgical procedures are routinely performed... notably, subcutaneous mastectomy in female-to-male transsexuals, **and facial feminization surgery,** and/or breast augmentation in male-to-female transsexuals. these surgical interventions are often of greater practical significance in the patient's daily life than reconstruction of the genitals."   http://www.wpath.org/site_page.cfm?pk_association_webpage_menu=1352&amp;pk_association_webpage=3947  if you do not already have this medically necessary procedure covered under your public medical insurance, it is because you are being discriminated against because you are trans. have hope. it is a matter of time before it will be made available. if you can convert your despair into the will to fight the system, you might hasten availability of the treatment you need.
t3_1wqk0e-t1_cf4i0t0-cf4rr07	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi! fellow late bloomer with just about a handful, and i totally share your opinion. i don't always show skin for attention. as i said in another comment, if i'm rocking some cleave i'm doing it for my eyes, mostly, 'cause i like looking at my own breasts. but at the same time i'm certainly aware that i'm gonna draw some stares and i'm fine with that.   when i first realized i was cute enough to get attention after a lonnnng awkward phase i was shocked. i dressed the part and really enjoyed the feeling of eyes on me for the first time. i'm past that now, but i remember it well. these days i'm older and the confidence doesn't come from cute clothes. i'm comfortable with me. i don't have to show skin to feel sexy. but you know what, when the mood strikes, i do it. fuck it! i figure, hey, i'm only going to be young and sexy enough to rock a low cut dress for a finite amount of time. i deserve to enjoy it while i can. i had my first breast cancer scare a couple of months ago (benign! i'm good!), and it was one more reminder that nothing is forever, including my boobs. one day they're going to look like two week old party balloons hanging on a chain link fence. but today, they stand proud and so do i.  you rock, my small breasted comrade! wanting to feel beautiful and get noticed is not anti-feminist and it's not weird, and your feelings don't negate anyone else's. show off that cute little body, bat your eyelashes when you catch some guy staring at you, and enjoy being young and gorgeous.
t3_1y09rb-t3_1y09rb-cfgg564	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7515	my mom noticed that her seat belt was more uncomfortable than usual, found a lump on her breast, went to her gp, sent to a surgeon, they biopsied and said it was negative. however, since it was painful she chose to remove it, and it turns out it was triple negative high grade invasive ductal carcinoma. stage 1a, but such an aggressive tumor they did a full mastectomy and now four rounds of chemo.  take home is, take cancer seriously. if she hadn't chosen to remove it, it would likely have spread quickly before we even realized it was cancer.
t3_2pbbh8-t3_2pbbh8-cmva8u1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had undiagnosed post partum anxiety/depression after my first. during this pregnancy, i started therapy and gave it about a month before my ob and therapist and myself decided meds would be a good addition. started with celexa 20 mg and had to bump it up to 40 mg, but it has been soooo worth it.   i talked to my therapist extensively about how this would hinder breastfeeding (i formula fed my first for non medical reasons and felt extreme guilt about it), but she talked me through it and discussed how we wouldn't judge someone with breast cancer or epilepsy for not breastfeeding - this is a health condition too and is no different. its basically ensuring that i can be the best mom possible.   its so hard to get out of the mindframe of comparing yourself to others, which i think triggers my episodes.   if you ever need to chat pm me! its been a long struggle and i still battle but am in a much better place. and definitely let your ob know asap - there are so many good options.   *hugs* thinking of you.  ninja edit: along with individual therapy i also do a cbt class which helps me think about situations more realistically and also helps a ton! this is a great program if available to you :) i know there are also lots of workbooks on amazon that lead you through it, as well.
t3_28ka77-t3_28ka77-cibvfr1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7576	when my mom went through radiation for her breast cancer, i wanted to smoke her out so badly. not necessarily to get her high, but to ease her pain and illness and give her some energy. it was miserable to watch the effects from "only" radiation on her. i can only imagine what it would be like if it was chemotherapy. i can't imagine cannabis, with all of it's potential health and life enhancing benefits, could be worse for you than the chemo drugs.  if you want to do it, i say give it a try. even at this point in legalization, i can't imagine many doctors telling a patient it's okay to smoke marijuana, especially if you aren't in a medically legal state. i'd say to closely monitor your highs and side effects, compare them to the highs you had before you started chemo (if you smoked before this), and just proceed with caution and make smart choices with it.  my next bowl goes out to you, good luck with your chemotherapy. make that cancer regret ever fucking with somebody as tough as you.
t3_1ev91z-t1_ca44kcc-ca47t44	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6709	this one hit me very hard because my father died about 13 years ago (as of june) from cancer, and his rapid decline within less than a year (he started showing signs of illness in november of 1999, and was dead in june of 2000) so fast that no treatment would have been successful (it was stage 4 carcinoma, which had aggressively spread from his right kidney and into his lungs, they presumed it had started at least 8 months to a year prior, and by the time he was feeling sick (pneumonia that didnt quit) it had eaten one lung and taken out the other. chemotherapy had helped it advance faster and by the time he died, it had taken out one lung completely, where it no longer functioned, but was a mass of cancer cells, and the other one was beginning to fail, and had spread into his heart, which is why it gave out when someone yelled at him. (that's another rage inducing story)    then my mother had a cancer scare in 2003 that were benign cysts and growths on her ovaries. they removed 11 lbs of mass from her abdomen.   then after christmas of 2010, early 2011, my mother had a spasm in her neck that resulted in ungodly amounts of pain. after dealing with a bunch of idiots who misdiagnosed it as a plethora of things, one idiot got it mostly right and claimed she had a cyst on her bicep. got to the surgeon and he took one glance at the x-ray and went nope. had her go to a cancer specialist at a prominent hospital. turned out she had three tumors on her right arm. two on her bicep, and one in her shoulder that wrapped around her brachial plexus, disabling her arm.  worse, that one was a stage 4 tumor, a sarcoma. thankfully we caught it just as it was about to grow into some crucial tissue (bone tissue, and an inch away from breast tissue). chemotherapy and surgical removal once the tumor shrunk down to the size of an egg, it was gone, with all traces of cancer gone.  however, during all of that, i saw her go through many of the same stages as that woman went through. it was heartbreaking and scary because we had yet to know if the treatment was working. she spent a good part of 2012 partially paralyzed due to the after effects of chemo (spoilers: it wreaks havoc on your nervous system and causes minor brain damage, this is something they won't tell you upfront.)   she's back to being mobile again, but it's scary and heartbreaking, especially if you already lost one parent as it is.
t3_1ohpvr-t1_ccs3e1w-ccs4y3g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.669	when i had breast cancer i asked my friends/family to not wear pink or have anything to do with koman on my behalf. if you want to do it because you feel it helps you in some way, fine. but just because i had a popular brand of cancer didn't mean that i wanted you to jump on this ridiculous bandwagon.
t3_4xocmb-t3_4xocmb-d6honem	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had two.   my mother died of aggressive breast cancer when i was eight. i found out she died halfway through the school day; i can't remember how long i spent out of school, but it was at least a week. i would eventually go to live with my dad, and i would find out years later that during the "middle" my dad and uncle (mom's brother) were... i don't know... battling in court for me. i moved to an entirely different city halfway through 3rd grade, and spent the rest of elementary school talking to counselors one to three times a week.   the second one, my dad died less than a year after i graduated high school.   *hello darkness, my old friend*   i spend a week out of work, staying with my uncle while his family took care of everything. i probably put sixty or more hours into fallout 3 that week. afterwards, legally, i was still a minor. but now i was in charge of the house. i had rent, cable, phone and internet bills to pay, food to buy, meals to cook. luckily, my dad had spent my high school years teaching me a lot of this, tough-love/ramsey's kitchen nightmares style. so i wasn't fuuuuucked. but it changed me, a lot. i began to find more in common with my adult co-workers, and less with my youngers. i was lucky, my boss at the time was super understanding, and was actually part of the big brother program, and had two little brothers, so he gave me a raise that was based much more in sympathy than performance.   i had a decade of middle, which retrospectively, i wish was the after.
t3_15l9e7-t3_15l9e7-c7nq6fs	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6703	i am currently fighting breast cancer, just finished chemo and am facing surgery next month followed by radiation.   i will im you contact information and will help you in any way i can. you can do this. will it change your life? absofuckinglutely. you will come out the other side of this stronger and you'll be amazed at who you'll meet on this journey. i've hugged and cried complete strangers in the nail polish aisle at target because being bald caused other survivors (though i prefer the word conqueror) to approach me and ask how i'm doing.    i'm glad you're getting an  mri next week and i am going to encourage you strongly to get a second opinion. you can take your pathology and film to them so tests won't need to be repeated. look for a teaching hospital and fight to get an appointment with the tumor review board. i'm being treated at stanford and bluntly, they saved my life.  (they were my second opinion btw)  hang in there, check your im's and breathe. :)
t3_1eb234-t1_c9yjdzu-c9ysc9m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	because of course she's rich enough to afford a mastectomy with plastic surgery to make it appear as if nothing happened.  *edit* why the downvotes? just stating a fact--most people who need that surgery aren't so lucky. don't forget about them.
t3_2clyjm-t1_cjgykd9-cjhbapy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i did my thesis on advertising for prostate cancer, i had to research breast cancer advertising as a comparison. mary g owns the the copyright on the pink color and the pink ribbon symbol and sue other charities that try to use it. also they are considered a non-profit but when other companies use the ribbon logo like victoria's secret and sell the t-shirts with the ribbon logo with "5 dollars of this purchases goes to mary g for awareness blah blah" that purchase is 100% profit for the charity. also the way these charities make so much money is by reporting a large "administration cost". mary g also promotes "awareness" so donations go to advertising to make people "aware" not to funding research. after my thesis research it's almost better to just donate your money to an individual with breast cancer rather than a charity. i'm on mobile so i don't have links for reference.
t3_31qlt7-t1_cq44b7r-cq53ke2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	okay let me tell you about elsie and maybe this will make it a little more clear. this is a true story. when i was in my early twenties, i worked in a nursing home in bridgeton, missouri. elsie was a resident and had dementia and she also had had a mastectomy when she was younger and she was completely scarred over.  she was in her 80's, her husband was still alive. he came and saw her everyday. very sweet guy. elsie would go in and out of lucidity all day and all night, never for long. as her dementia progressed, she did not remember anything from the recent past (at least fifty years). she thought i was her sister. she did not know her husband about 90% of the time. she kept asking who cut her breasts off and decided that it must have been joe, "that man with the beard." she would forget this and then remember again and sometimes demanded that we call the police because joe had sliced her breasts off.  the last few months before joe was "cut off" she would have sex and he would leave and she would be terrified because she knew the man who raped her was still in the building and had her breasts and she wanted them back, now! and this was a woman who was fully ambulatory and could still dress and feed herself. did not wear diapers etc. she could even play spades because she played it when she was a teenager.  they were no longer intimate in the last year of her life because even though she would consent while she was lucid, during sex she would slip out again and start screaming because she didn't know who this man was. we'd have to give her haldol to settle her down. it didn't matter that he was her husband and they'd been married over forty years. she didn't know that and nothing we said to her would make her understand that. the man who she knew and loved an hour or even five minutes prior, was now the man who was raping her and slicing off her breasts.  can you imagine how terrifying it was for her to go though this? moments of lucidity mean nothing when, during the act of intercourse, that lucidity fades away and an old woman thinks she is fifteen and being raped by a monster.  this is why consent gets removed. it's possible that this woman in iowa could have had twenty minutes where she was fully with it, but it's more likely that she didn't know who this guy was.  we don't know if she outcried this time or any other time. we don't know if the reason they asked him to stop having sex with her was because after or during sex, she slipped away again and thought she was being raped. that all should come out at the trial. what we do know is that she was legally incapable of giving consent and her husband ignored that.
t3_10z4nf-t3_10z4nf-c6i55pb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"awareness" really means "makes you think more about it so you donate." its not really a bad thing, but i have noticed breast cancer has gotten really popular. it seems like thats the only one people really care about for some reason. im going to make a point to donate to the weird stuff from now on. it seems like breast cancer is getting enough attention, as terrible as that sounds.
t3_b1yj8-t1_c0kk3lt-c0kk4cm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had an idea it was related to breast cancer awareness - but the text link cracked me up.  it is a great cause!  nice of you to be involved (the recent fb fiasco comes to mind, much nicer to see people actually doing something productive while having a good time)
t3_3w8gdh-t3_3w8gdh-cxuh61c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	tell her the quickest way to get grandkids is to get this done and if she doesn't then you won't even consider it.  this doesn't mean you promise anything, except that you have leverage for once.  i don't know your situation but i have huge rates of breast cancer in my family all over and had to deal with a 10 minute lecture from a doctor on how i should get screened.  whatever.  i already know the history and i know how to check and catch things early.  it's great you don't want to give your potential kids a cancer risk, but we're all gonna die of something and right now it's mostly cancer because we tend to cure or delay everything else.  have a kid!  oh and once the testing is done, tell her every time she mentions you being pregnant again makes it one less holiday a year she can see them.
t3_1eap1v-t3_1eap1v-c9yhhia	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6632	&gt;i have always told them not to worry, but the truth is i carry a “faulty” gene, brca1, which sharply increases my risk of developing breast cancer and ovarian cancer.  &gt;my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, **although the risk is different in the case of each woman.**  &gt;only a fraction of breast cancers result from an inherited gene mutation. those with a defect in brca1 have a 65 percent risk of getting it, on average.  read that again . some of you need it based on your comments below.
t3_n1ota-t3_n1ota-c35qqhi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7519	ah yes, the ever present threat of incompetent medical support staff. this is something you really have to be on the lookout for. you must advocate for yourself.  after being diagnosed with stage iv inflammatory breast cancer, with mets all over the place, hospice on the speed dial and scrambling to figure out the next step, i had a nurse call me with the mammography results.  i was fine and they'd see me next year. she'd read someone else's test results to me. i've got loads of these stories over my cancer history.  in your situation, i would figure out what you want done. in your case it sounds like the i-131 therapy. figure out where it is offered. then who has openings. these may not overlap all that often.  then find out where the doctor is for the day. some have more than one office. go to that office and wait to speak with him. tell the nurse you need sixty seconds of his time. take a day off of work? yes, it sucks and shouldn't be necessary, but you should only have to do it this one time.   in 30 seconds explain what has happened (practice getting the whole story, without editorials, out in 30 seconds), what you want and how he can make it happen. doctors are people too. they are overwhelmed with patient, hospital and insurance obligations. their shower pan is leaking, their youngest has been in three fights this week at school and his/her car is making a funny noise again. they have issues too. and as much as we'd like to be their number one priority, it isn't going to happen.  make their job as easy as possible. present a solution to your problem that they just have to sign off on.   as your final question to them, ask how best you should handle this in the future. i'd frame it something like this:  you understand cancer grows exponentially and while follicular thyroid cancer has a favorable prognosis, you don't want to wait for a treatment plan and then treatment  while the cancer grows unchecked. i understand you are busy doctor. but i am the one with cancer and i'd like to know what the plan is. what is the fastest, easiest way for me to get answers to my questions?   if you don't like the answer s/he gives here, then get a new doctor. i've fired more than a dozen.
t3_4ahdow-t1_d10dys6-d10e0wx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	aspca is based in manhatten, they rarely to never give any money they take in to other spca's anywhere else in america. i have not done the research on the breast cancer lady but many people have said it is corrupt and the susan lady is terrible.
t3_1qjlq1-t3_1qjlq1-cdis0q4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6573	i had breast cancer 5 years ago and had a bilateral mastectomy (brca1). a year later i had my tissue expanders put in (lat dorsi flap on radiation side), then 8 months later had my exchange surgery done (remove expanders, put in implants). i was treated in the toronto area and all of my surgeries were covered. i think the only time it isn't is when it's for cosmetic purposes only. when it's a bc diagnosis or a high risk for bc (brca 1 or brca2), they will cover it (my sister had her breast reconstructed prophylactically in saskatchewan and it was covered).   if you have any questions, i'd be happy to answer them.
t3_1xn293-t1_cfcv12s-cfd382b	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i been there and know what you are going through.  i had breast cancer and had to go through six cycles of chemo with three different meds then surgery and 31 radiation treatments.  the worse words was "your results came back as an aggressive for of cancer".  i wish you the best and stay positive and put it in god's hands to choose your path.
t3_wg5fc-t3_wg5fc-c5d4199	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5068	a personal story:  my good friend's mom passed away recently.  and i offered to help him clear out his mom's place.  he said it was 'near san diego'.  as it turns out, it was in the same area as the article.  her income was ~$1200/month from a retirement plan and she had no savings, which was something we figured out by going through her records.  she had sold her house in her late 40's and decided to live on the road in an rv for fun and work.  she was going to be a traveling writer with her husband.  after 25 years, she'd whittled away at her savings.  then disaster struck.  she had breast cancer which spread i think.  she also developed diabetes.  her savings and income went to zero and was essentially trapped.  she used the last of her savings to plant herself in this community since she found it was 'safe'.  she didn't have enough money to move, let alone drive someplace to visit anyone.  each trip to the city (for food and medication) was planned and weighed against her few free dollars saved each month after medication and paying med bills.  she lived in an disabled rv on a slab, in a camp with other rv's.  this particular community was nice in that it had electricity.  i had never seen anything quite so.... unstructured yet civil.  as far as i could tell, everyone seemed casual but had an eagle-eye for things/people out of place.  it was the kinda place where strangers waved hello and also apologetically kept their eye on you as you rounded a corner if you were an unknown face.  she had no air conditioning.  and in the desert between anza borego and the salton sea, it was parching.  the trailer had virtually no insulation so i can only imagine what it was like for her in the winter.  she ate mostly dried or canned foods.  her fridge was like a small dorm fridge.  her entire living space (kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, etc) probably fit inside my home office where i sit.  at least it seemed safe and the community policed itself.  i've been thinking about the experience and her for the last couple of weeks.
t3_2dxn19-t1_cjuhfun-cjuhroe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my point is it is divisive to prioritize one experience over any other, especially when scientific research supports the idea that there are a lot of commonalities between transgender and cisgender women; morphological similarities indicate that despite different genitals, our brain patterns can function in very similar ways.  i have never and will never presumed to understand what it means to be a woman. there are too many people from too many backgrounds with too diverse an array of experiences to characterize them all as the woman experience. the fact that all of them, as a composite, form a conversation about what it means to be a woman in the first place is instructive, i think, because it demonstrates that many people don't share a common life story, but can share attributes that we can use to build real coalitions of lgbt allies, especially allies for women.  i would likewise contend that characterizing the discussion as one about genitals first is trivializing and triggering for a whole host of women, as there are women born with penises, without vulva, many different forms, shapes and variations of labia. there are men who grow breasts or are born with vulva, so using the body as a benchmark for deciding who gets to be a woman is decidedly problematic. while i would not throw a fit in attending a penis convention, i might be slightly upset that you won't even let me participate in an equal member of the conversation because you are making presumptions about my life and body experience about which you are not qualified. i don't currently have a vagina, though i desperately wish i could have been born into a cisgender female body. is it fair for you to limit out my experience because i have different parts than you? what about breast cancer survivors who have double mastectomies? intersex folk who are born with both, opposite, or neither genital configurations? they have valid life experiences too, and it seems overly trivial to try and place one of those on a pedestal as necessarily more important because of a fixation on bodies which no one should feel comfortable policing.
t3_3m68uq-t3_3m68uq-cvcdm99	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had stage two breast cancer, during her double mastectomy surgery they extracted some lymph nodes. it had advanced to them, so she ended up having to do chemo and all of that awful stuff. she was stir crazy waiting for surgery, stir crazy after as the procedures made her exhausted physically. the best thing my whole family did was understand that she had cancer, but not treat her like she was fragile or different. most days she didn't want to do anything, yet was going nuts doing nothing. my dad would convince her to do things even though she didn't want to. simple things that you would do. he'd say "lets go to the beach!" she'd say she didn't want to. he would convince her. it didn't always work, but often when they went out and did stuff, even if she was feeling crappy, at some points it would allow her to focus on things that weren't the illness. it's been almost exactly one year since she found out, and we are one month away from her last surgery. everything is looking up.  tl;dr she won't want to do anything. convince her to, you'll both feel better living your lives. it's not about ignoring the illness, it's about putting your energy into other outlets. thinking about it doesn't help.
t3_1l316p-t3_1l316p-cbvcjcm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6562	hang tough! both of you. my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer at stage 4 almost two years ago. she went through hell with chemo, her body rejected every kind they tried (she was not acandidate for radiation) she finally said "no more, i'm done". at her very next exam her tumors had started to shrink and break up. she's been in remission for six months now and going strong. it's a crazy life, anything can happen. make the best of every minute, and hang tough. hug
t3_4qlhb2-t3_4qlhb2-d4u4acf	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	a tale of two women in my ward.    sister d was diagnosed with breast cancer.  advanced.  prognosis not good.  radical mastectomy required.  she underwent surgery within a week.   then started massive chemo.  sister k was diagnosed with breast cancer just a week after d's surgery.  it was caught very early.  prognosis for survival almost certain if treated.  k decided to forgo surgery to remove a tiny lump and follow up chemo.  she got priesthood blessing from everyone accessible to her, including a q12 with a last name initial very near the beginning of the alphabet.   d's hair fell out.  she wretched with nausea.  then underwent painful reconstructive surgery.  meanwhile, k fasted often and prayed really hard.  she bore her testimony every month about how she knew she was being healed.  she read her scriptures every day, and went to the temple every week.  despite her husband's pleas, she did not go back to the doctor, she didn't dare show any crack in her faith.  time slipped by until she was too sick and weak to ignore it any longer and she reluctantly went back to the doctor.  the doctor had the sad burden of informing her it had spread to her lungs, liver, pancreas, ovaries.  she was buried on a bitter cold january day and the wind blew the snow from the icy grass blades as her kids shivered around her casket and froze their tears.  its been many years now, but today, d plays with her own grandchildren and enjoys her crepuscular years with her husband.   k's husband has remarried and the other woman now plays with k's grandchildren, celebrates christmas with them, goes to their baptisms, mission homecomings, and weddings.
t3_3ihg0g-t3_3ihg0g-cugqiwo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lab tech at a biopharmaceutical company. i just graduated with bs biology and have wanted to be a scientist my whole life. grew up watching discovery and animal planet (when they were educational). i wavered coming out of high school if all the hard classes would be worth it, but then i sweet talked my way into a one-on-one meeting with neil degrasse tyson at the nhm (that's a whole other tale) and had to be a scientist after that. i repeatedly went in to give them my resume and called almost every day to show how serious i was. i finally got an interview and they hired me the next week. my second week here i was being taught how to culture cells that would ultimately be used to make thousands of liters of breast cancer medicine. my supervisor didn't notice but my eyes were getting watery just thinking "fuck yes. all that work was worth it. i'm a scientist."
t3_2ixv41-t3_2ixv41-cl74e75	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5038	i actually got my phd, and i wish i didn't. maybe that's a consolation, maybe it's irrelevant, but at least personally i'm seeing a lot of comments here that give me some comfort and empathy.  perhaps i should elaborate - i finished my stem phd about three years ago, my thesis was very well received, my publication history in major journals was extensive, and i found myself in a very promising postdoc specialising in renewable energy. so far so good, but in many ways things get much worse in your first academic role. contracts are quite a lot shorter than a phd, you can't take time off and pick up where you left off if circumstances dictate it, you're thrown in the middle of petty factional politics that you were largely insulated from as a student, and it really is "publish or perish". the stakes are high, and any significant setback means failure and a ruined career.  let's just say i faced a few setbacks. it didn't help when the welcoming committee to the new city was waking up to a home invasion that cost me a few thousand dollars all up (without insurance) and left me pretty shaken up. not long after that, i found out my mother was dying of breast cancer and spent most weekends back home helping to look after her (and took further time off near the end). while we were fortunate enough to get a few more months than we thought, and my supervisors were genuinely nice enough to say "take as much time as you need", realistically it would have been more helpful to add "unless you still want a career at the end". because you can't succeed at that point in career unless your career comes first, second and third.  without elaborating too much, more family tragedies and scares kept coming and with the election of an anti-science, anti-renewable energy government here in australia, the final nails were put in the coffin. funding cuts meant swift reductions had to be made in the staff budget,  and the logical choice was letting go of the inexperienced staff who weren't entitled to termination benefits and hadn't secured funding of their own. so the last few months of my contract were spent as a dead man walking, severely depressed and without the experience, research history, or connections to keep my new career alive.   it's been another few months since i finished, and i'm back living with my father in my 30s, getting nothing but rejections from job applications (with all the cuts and sackings in australia, the job market is pretty brutal) and finding it harder and harder to remain optimistic.  not sure if this really helps, it was more to get it off my chest than anything, but if it wasn't meant to be it's better to find out sooner rather than later. the fall is that much greater the closer you fly to the sun. i'm sure i'll find something, but not without feeling that i've wasted far more of my life than i would have liked.
t3_4zknzq-t3_4zknzq-d6xkpkh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6686	awnbge, thank you for responding. easier said than done, indeed. but therapy and painting can equal some degree of peace of mind - until you get so frustrated with what you are painting that you start cursing at it (i've been there: i'm a painter and digital printmaker)! fighting with a painting will definitely take your mind away from illness! and, when it comes to painting, loose is good, though it's nice to have a choice. maybe you can get your double vision to work for you in your paintings. all kidding aside - and i'm not trying to be glib - i hope you and your doctor(s) find a way for you to live your life without the horrible anxiety that cancer can bring (been there when i was diagnosed and treated for breast cancer, and still anxious about every unusual sensation - and it's been 17 years, but much better than before).
t3_3oq74e-t1_cvzjqxd-cvzlil3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i worked with a woman who had breast cancer and took a leave of absence for surgery and treatment. when she came back she really liked joking and talking about fabulous boobs and whatnot. i think she preferred to make light of it because she had gotten through it and didn't want to be upset about it anymore when she thought about it. i felt weird about it, but it worked for her so i got on board with it (around her, not in general). i can see how it would be hard to make everyone comfortable at large events like that when people have different methods of coping.
t3_4o6sar-t3_4o6sar-d4aa8i7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6628	just found out my mom is taking me to vegas for 4 days in two weeks!!! she wants to go before her next surgery (brest cancer) and to repay me for taking care of her during all of this and the last surgery (double mastectomy and tramp flap) i'm soooo excited (like jessie) now i need clothes shoes bathing suit make up oh my!! in reality i'll be finding it all in what i have bc mama is broke but who cares i'm going to vegas for my first time with my best friend for sun and relaxation!!!!
t3_34ipvk-t3_34ipvk-cqvvdfp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	2013 turned out to be a shitty year.  my left breast was itchy, near the nipple. i felt a pea-sized lump. this, of course, was noticed during the time of year when most places are closed or have limited hours: between christmas and new year's. and on a sunday morning.  turns out i had stage 3a breast cancer. i'd just turned 32 at the time and was scared shitless that my two sons would have to grow up without a mother. the youngest was turning 4 and the oldest was 9.5 years old and he's really sensitive. i was so scared waiting to have my pet scan performed after they injected me with the contrast. i just said over and over, "i'm going to be fine. the cancer didn't spread," or something like that. my pet scan came back negative, which meant that the cancer hadn't metastasized, and honestly that's all i cared about. once i had that information, chemo and radiation were a breeze. i actually didn't mind getting chemo. i had it one day every 3 weeks for like 3.5 hours. the benadryll made me fall asleep, so i got a nice nap; my skin dried up, which was nice because i'm pretty oily; i didn't have to shave. honestly, the worst part was having the suppressed immune system and lymphedema. i still had lymphedema in my hand and arm. it never goes away. i also run hot, so the gloves and the sleeves just make it more irritating.  the funny thing is, when i was talking to my surgeon about the different ways of treating cancer, surgery, chemo, radiation, i had this vision pop into my mind's eye that all the cancer was removed when he was talking about surgery. it wasn't even wishful thinking; it was like a quick flash of a thought that i'm ok, all the cancer was removed and i'll just have to do the chemo and radiation as precautions.   i got a double mastectomy without reconstruction. i've never been attached to my breasts the way a lot of women are. yes, they fed my children, but they were way too big for my liking. i'd actually thought, "if i ever have breast cancer i'll get them both removed. it'll be such a relief!" it's been nice being able to wear shirts again. i do miss the sexual aspect of breasts, but that's about it. and although i'm not getting implants, i'm getting reconstruction of sorts done in july. it's the skin and tissue under my armpits that i'm having removed. i thought i'd be able to get rid of all my bras (i wear only sports bras) once i'd had surgery, but nope. there's this fat pad that's left over from having breasts and it's really annoying. instead of being flat under my armpits, there's this tissue that i call "[pillowcase corners](http://i.imgur.com/l4ykcfr.jpg?1)" and it's left over from having breasts. it's like having your thighs rub together, only under your arms. once i have the surgery, i'm hoping i won't have to wear a bra anymore. not only will it cut down on laundry, but i won't have the band irritating my skin where i had radiation.  i hope i did the picture link correctly. i'm clueless when it comes to this kind of thing.
t3_2ebecs-t1_cjxv2wl-cjy354d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6772	i've never had aura, nor do i get the nausea or vomiting. however, i have to be in a completely dark room because even the slightest light burns my eyes!   on the medicinal front, i too have yet to try marijuana to alleviate the pain, but that's only because i've been taking topamax for about 6 years. i highly recommend it! i don't have my dizzy spells anymore, and the only break-through migraine i've had was when i found out i had breast cancer again.
t3_3xtpod-t1_cy7qwjk-cy7sxuc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6783	i had ewing sarcoma at 11 and have breast cancer now at 27. how much of this is in my dna and what should be done to see if my genes are the cause?
t3_pjz10-t1_c3q35kq-c3q6epc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have been working in breast cancer research. it is not true that we still know *nothing* about its origins. we know that for some women (and some men) hereditary factors play an important role. we have identified other risk factors as well, some cannot be changed by women (early start of menstruations, late menopause, current age), others can (drink less alcohol, exercise, don't use hormone replacement therapy for a long time during menopause).   breast cancer survival has increased a lot in the last thirty years and that is not only because these mild forms of breast cancer are now detected as well. there are more therapies, some of them have become milder (or we know better how to treat the side-effects).   but yes, cancer sucks.
t3_3g75bp-t3_3g75bp-ctvtf5c	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6759	my friend is a cancer survivor and had a double mastectomy about 6 years ago. here in the uk the nhs treatment was fantastic, she was offered fake boobs following the mastectomy and also they fashioned new nipples from the skin and tattooed her areoles and nipples back on.    we were getting changed together for a night out, and she just turned to me and asked if i wanted to feel them. boy, did i, held them and squeezed and patted them. they were marvellous, a medical miracle.    tl;dr i'm a girl and fondled fake boobs and nipples
t3_1g7u0v-t1_cahxvf0-cahy35b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8965	sure, but for jolie specifically when she wrote the nyt op-ed she said:  &gt;my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman.  so i just got the nnumber wrong a bit, regardless it was not 70% like that guy said.   i'm sorry you're a carrier, i can't imagine what that must be like. :(  http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/14/opinion/my-medical-choice.html?hp
t3_oro97-t1_c3osj6m-c3qgtrc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi there,   thanks for the reply.  i hope you're doing ok, just wanted to say i was thinking of you and to let you know to feel free to write me with any questions.  i used to scour the web for people's experiences to see how different people coped with the various stages they put you through.  everybody's experience is different but i found it was helpful to see what a wide range of people experienced, just so you're kind of prepared.   re the exercising, i wouldn't go heavy duty on it; for me walking was the best.  if you go for a walk everyday, it will keep your batteries charged and you'll feel less exhausted in the long run. considering you have children, you'll be getting plenty of exercise anyway! :)    re the mastectomy and chemo - it's not so bad and will be over in a flash.  you'll go into auto-pilot and all these things are just items to be checked off a list.  you'll feel like you're going through the steps one-by-one and before you know it, the treatments will all be done.     and finally re the makeup: awesome! i never really bothered with a wig, i had kyle minogue as my baldy fashion inspiration.  a bunch of fancy scarfs (a fashion designer friend gave me a bunch of great ones, along with the loan of a bright pink wig which was pretty funky) and a couple of cool hats  to wear over them worked for me.  if you live in a sunny place, an authentic panama hat worn over a beautiful scarf looks great.   anyway i really hope everything is ok and that the docs are giving you all the support and information you need and feel free to write me anytime.
t3_3c571p-t3_3c571p-cssy4yz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	woooow. honestly, if i were you i'd hope she really does decide not to have anything to do with you. your child don't deserve to have to be anywhere near a person like that.  my mom's a lot like yours. she's all into the conspiracy theories and the vaccine-denial and whatnot. she once said she was going to tell my cousins that their mother (who had recently died of breast cancer) wouldn't have gotten cancer if she'd eaten a nutritious diet.  and of course, irony being what it is, i'm autistic. needless to say, mom flickered in between total denial and desperately trying to stuff me full of herbs to make me magically normal. i am very glad to be out of her grasp.   so, yeah. you just love your kids, however they turn out. her judgment about "retard kids" and "garbage kids" is, well, garbage. what right does she have to rank people's worth by their abilities? when you got that abnormal result, any decent friend would know that you're worried about your kid's health and be supporting you.  take care of yourself, take care of your kids, and leave her opinions in the garbage where they belong.
t3_2hnwrf-t1_ckuffs5-ckuflwv	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	once it became clear that the right one (the one with the cancer) needed to come off i asked them if it would be a good idea to remove both. one, i have strong family history with breast cancer, and two, with the very large breasts that i had to begin with they would have had to do surgery on the other side to make the reconstruction symmetrical, so i thought we might as well take care of it all in one fell swoop.   basically, i think it's *always* an option if the cancer is only on one side, but i was asking about a double before we even got to discussing that part.
t3_1cfhf0-t3_1cfhf0-c9gempv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6713	god has given me some awesome promises to hold onto right before some very difficult times. the week before i was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 23 my friend sent me a post card with this verse on it:  and the god of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in christ, after you have suffered a little while, will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast. (1 peter 5 v 10)  that was 10 years ago. and no, i wasn't radically healed, but went through lots of medical treatment and came through the other side.  the week before my parents completely unexepectedly announced they were splitting up, a friend was praying for me and said they had a picture of a path, an explosion happening and the path diverting into two roads. he felt that god was saying not to be afraid at this time, and to know that god was with me in that process.  i don't say this stuff to be all triumphalist, if anything i think it's just amazing that god seems to know what we need to hear, if we (or someone else in both these cases!) will listen to him.
t3_4zbcef-t1_d6uky4n-d6uq85j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5008	&gt; well, i think that in a variety of places, women have been oppressed at the hands of male-dominated governments. not 2016 western civilization, though.  i suppose this depends on whether you're coming from the argument that technology has been a liberating factor for women in the form of things like birth control, antibiotics, abortion, home appliances etc.  i could see this then as an argument: there is oppression in the form of unaffordable health care; closure of family planing facilities; allowing employers to fire people who use such technology (i.e. hobby lobby- a place that employs mostly women for that matter); abortion restrictions; etc.  i have an acquaintance whose breast cancer went from being detected early by herself in home diy screening to stage4 &amp; terminal because it took her so long to get any kind of help in treating it. low income, no health insurance, and the gov programs in practice are designed to fail (i.e. medicaid &amp; social security robo-denying cases that are listed for fast track/automatic approval illegally, welfare offices lowering their caseload by throwing out incoming mail if it is not certified, hearing dates for appeals taking years to acquire because of court backlogs).  imagine the shitstorm that's going to happen when zika gets bad in the states where abortion is difficult to acquire.
t3_3krl14-t3_3krl14-cuzvwoh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	'i don't need to tell you what it is, chubalubs.'  but i'm a pathologist and it was my colleague in the office next door who reported my biopsy. and then he showed it to me-rather strange seeing your own breast cancer microscopically.
t3_pa3yr-t1_c3nr50x-c3nuirz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, that just made me a little teary eyed.   when i heard the news about komen cutting out planned parenthood on tuesday night i was in the foulest mood possible. just another example of how no one in this country seems to give a shit about poor women, and would rather let them die than lose face to right wing anti-choice extremists. i wanted to cry.  but then i started seeing backlash, hearing about increased donations. my facebook news feed was nothing but articles about komen and pp. komen's fb page and twitter was overrun with negative comments. and then my senators publicly spoke out about it, and then mayor bloomburg donated $250,000 to pp and then livestrong donated $100,000. then senior staff members started resigning in protest, and  someone hacked komen's website, and then people were organizing boycotts of komen and vowing to donate their money to pp or to the american cancer society instead. it was overwhelming.   by the time komen finally caved (something i *never* thought they would do), planned parenthood had raised over 3 million dollars- all of it going to their breast health programs. it is rare that i am this proud of my fellow citizens. now i want to cry in a good way.
t3_2f0530-t3_2f0530-ck4s38v	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	that i had breast cancer. i was pregnant when i found a lump, everyone told me it was a cyst but deep down i knew. about a month later i had a biopsy and was told that it was cancer and i wasn't shocked, just scared.
t3_1qbten-t3_1qbten-cdbbavw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey! i have a non-cyst benign lump in my breast. it's called a fibroadenoma and they're apparently really common. i had an ultrasound first, and that's when they ruled out cysts and told me that they needed to do a cone biopsy. it was scary thinking about what the lump might be but the cone biopsy procedure was pretty painless and quick. they numb the area with novocain injections and then make an incision using a scalpel. then, they used what looked and sounded like a staple gun to get the biopsy. the sound was the scariest part but i felt nothing - just don't look. a week later, you get the results. when they found out the lump was benign they said it wouldn't be worth it to get a lumpectomy (surgery) unless it was causing me pain. i never got one and still have the lump 7 years later.   i sincerely hope that they find nothing - it could be so many things that aren't cancer and i hope that is the case for you. stay strong!
t3_1169bh-t3_1169bh-c6jokzu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i find that incredibly upsetting. fuck their misplaced sense of moral superiority- if i had breast cancer and there was a cure, i can guarantee i wouldn't care if the money that funded it's discovery came from ten million people viewing a midget/pony orgy, as long as i wasn't going to die.
t3_4iu1cl-t1_d337r5j-d33yvtr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you already took the hugest step op: you know your body is ok, you identified and you accept that the problem you are dealing with is your mindset.  that's a good point, you know you have nothing to be ashamed of. the only problem is you own body acceptance, which is a self-confidence issue. it's a tough problem to deal with, but you may get over it with your girlfriend and relative support, maybe a therapist if you think it can help you, but you are not in the same position than a woman having her breast removed because of cancer or anything like that. *i don't say your current situation is better*, i say it could be easier to deal with, even with little to no money to spend.   as /u/wisteria-outbreak wrote below, maybe your clothing choices and some exercise will make them appear better to you, and with time, you'll finally be fine living with them. self-confidence and body acceptance is very hard to build and even easier to destroy, so you are on a very long way before feeling what you could call "normal". but tiny step after tiny step, you can pave your own path to the solution.   and remember that you can come back here any time to give us some update or look for support :-)
t3_304jen-t1_cppcyf4-cppdrcp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you might think. but when such a prominent figure does something, they're being a role model whether they want to be or not. whether she wants to be making this statement or not, it can easily be concieved as saying "if you have x% generic chance of cancer, the responsible thing is drastic surgery before any sign of cancer shows to protect yourself and loved ones from experiencing the pain of fighting cancer." iirc, didn't she also get a double mastectomy with no evidence of cancer?   so while her decision effects her body, it also effects her family, and to a degree, the public who may look at her actions as a voice of opinion on what to do in this novel situation.   honestly, i think she wants it to to some degree otherwise she would have kept it utterly under wraps. she has an opinion and she wants to share it, there's nothing wrong with that. but her decision does effect others.
t3_2wkpl1-t3_2wkpl1-coszcqz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a strong family history of breast cancer and my specialist discouraged me from using hormonal contraceptives (and the mirena didn't agree with me). i've used condoms otherwise exclusively for 11 years and with multiple partners, both long term and casual- only had maybe...four incidents where the condom has come off or broken and i've immediately taken plan b. didn't get pregnant. never had any issues otherwise! use plenty of water based lube and try the non latex condoms, they feel a bit better than latex.
t3_mf31f-t3_mf31f-c30k971	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it seems to work. i have only seen one post about breast cancer this week, your post is number two. weird things like that call attention. even if people complain about something, they still talk about it and spread the word.
t3_2oqk85-t1_cmpksuj-cmpoac3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	this.   this is what i can't wait for.   i smoke, sure, but i have an aunt whose breast cancer has aggressively returned and i would like to be able to offer her a cheap(ish) way to battle the insane sickness that comes along with chemo.   it's just terrible that i have to watch her go through this again.
t3_1jd3lr-t1_cbdpp3x-cbdrldu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it has no affect on me, none that i notice anyway except the period thing. i don't have extra body hair. i was actually insulted when first asked if i had body hair by my doctor. i'm like, the fuck do you see extra hair on me? haha. they checked for cysts on my ovaries but i don't have any. it's also because i'm overweight. i heard you can get it more in control if you lose weight. i need to lose another 35 lbs so far i've lost 15 lbs. i have no idea about the breast cancer thing. i also heard may have a harder time getting pregnant which makes no difference to me because i don't want kids. i love that i get my period because i know i'm not pregnant and that it's working. i don't know what would happen if i went off the pill to be honest.
t3_1nhski-t1_ccisdqn-ccispq8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	thanks.  cancer was in 2004.   odd twist, i had unrelated breast cancer that same year.  even the doctors look at me with suspicion when i give my medical history.  that was also stage one, found on a mammogram, surgical solution and a little radiation.  i got off lucky.
t3_4btf0u-t1_d1cett7-d1d1q27	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**tl;dr** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/evidence_of_absence  let's talk about [bayes](https://arbital.com/p/bayes_rule/?l=1zq).  bayes's rule is a nice theorem in probability theory which tells you exactly how to change probability estimates in response to evidence. for instance, if i roll a d6, p(three) = 1/6. if you look at the die and tell me it's odd, bayes's rule will tell me p(three | odd) = 1/3. or, if there is a 1% chance i have breast cancer, and a mammography will say "positive" 80% of the time when i have breast cancer and 9.6% of the time when i don't, then the probability i have breast cancer after getting a positive mammography ("p(cancer | positive)") is about 7.8%. if this fact confuses you, the intuition correction is to notice that, among 1000 people like me, 10 of them have breast cancer (= 8 positive mammographies) and 990 won't (= ~95 positive mammographies), so division tells us 8 / 103 = ~7.8%.  this demonstrates that bayes's rule is often counterintuitive. happily, a much more intuitive principle falls out of it: principle of conservation of evidence. it explains what is wrong with [this](http://squid314.livejournal.com/329471.html) argument, which is clearly wrong, but hard to point out the exact error:  &gt;does the president cut the military budget? the us is the core of nato; any decrease in us forces will have to be compensated by the other nato countries if the alliance is to stay strong. therefore italy has to invest more money in defense, dealing another blow to its already crumbling economy. shame on the president and his italian-hating ways.  &gt;or maybe the president raises the military budget. this would probably mean an expansion of existing military bases. some of those are in italy, and every time they expand the italians nearby protest what the new york times describes as "traffic congestion, environmental damage, and the possibility of terrorist attacks." so the president clearly wants terrorists to attack italy.  &gt;so maybe the president just refuses to even touch the military budget at all. well, in that case he's weak and passive and a bad leader, and probably no one will ever build a monument to him. and most monuments are built out of marble. and the best marble comes from cararra in italy. he must trying to sabotage the italian marble industry!  &gt;(i mean, when the president makes one anti-italian decision, you can kind of put your head in the sand and believe it might be a coincidence. but when all of his decisions hurt italy in some way? hardly!)  stated abstractly, suppose you have some hypothesis h and assign a probability to h, p(h). now, suppose you encounter something that should make you revise your probability estimates. we call this thing evidence and will denote it with the letter e. this will allow us to get a better probability estimate of h, p(h | e) ("probability of h given e"). conservation of evidence just says that, if we have p(h | e) &gt; p(h), then we must, must, must have p(h | ~e) &lt; p(h) ("~e" is the event that e doesn't happen, so "p(h | ~e)" reads "probability of h given not-e"). the reverse also holds true: if p(h | e) &lt; p(h), then p(h | ~e) &gt; p(h). this is not an arbitrary rule: you do not get to break it without throwing out literally all of probability theory.  and thus: if p(prehistoric males | male bones) &gt; p(prehistoric males), then we must, must, *must* have p(prehistoric males | ~male bones) &lt; p(prehistoric males). and, more generally, if you have p(h | e) &gt; p(h), then you must have p(h | ~e) &lt; p(h). absence of proof is not proof of absence, but absence of evidence is evidence of absence (assuming you use the bayesian definition of evidence.) each step in [sagan's dragon in my garage](http://www.godlessgeeks.com/links/dragon.htm) story is an absence of evidence, and each step is evidence of absence.  what's going on here is that we have weak evidence of absence which is completely dominated by a slew of much stronger evidence courtesy of evolutionary biology. it is infinitesimally improbable that the last common ancestor of humans and chimpanzees reproduced sexually, then humans didn't, but then convergently re-evolved that trait. maybe not quite 1 / [3\^\^\^3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1n6coc2p8fq), but close. rinse, repeat to taste.  when people say things this completely wrong, there is no need to resort to bad arguments to defeat them.
t3_1e2m3g-t3_1e2m3g-ca2avzy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi,  my name is linda reid and i am 52 years of age. i started smoking when i was about 13! when i was pregnant with my son 29 years ago i still smoked and he was born 3 months early weighing in at 2lb 2oz. after my son's birth, i wanted to stop smoking and i tried all sorts of methods, patches, gums, lozenges and even hypnotherapy. the only thing i didn't try were the inhalators.  none of the above worked and i resigned myself to being a smoker.    in 2009 i was diagnosed with breast cancer and had to have a mastectomy and reconstruction, i didn't stop smoking, in fact my habit increased due to stress. however, last june my son told me about e-cigarettes and i ordered one straight away.  i have not touched a tobacco cigarette since and i completely feel the difference - it's more of a case of "oh if these products were around when i was in my 20's, i wouldn't have had breast cancer, my son wouldn't have been born 3 months early...."  these are the best things that have ever been invented and for them to be banned or re-classified would be putting a finger up to millions of people, more or less telling them that they have to smoke cigarettes.  the discussions taking place about the electronic cigarette should in fact be discussions taking place about the tobacco cigarette, a known killer!  if it is a case that the eu decide that the amount of nicotine in the e-liquid of an e-cig is reduced to 4%, then the government will be culpable of committing murder because we e-cigarette smokers will be bullied into smoking cigarettes again.  the nhs smoking cessation devices do not work and it has been proven over many, many years of data showing that their success rate is less than 10%. however, this keeps the pharmaceutical companies happy because they are keeping their shareholders happy.  if people carry on smoking this keeps the government happy because they are raking in the taxes.  how about keeping the people happy, the people who put them in a position of power, people who voted for them (i wasn't one of them), how about that, they've already caused enough misery in this country with their taxes, their u turns, their holier than thou attitude, their blaming of the state of the country on the last government, the tax breaks for the rich.  messrs. cameron and clegg both smoke, they don't they try e-cigarettes for a month and then see if they should re-classify them? there are so many vapers in britain, i think if, by the time these talks go ahead, there will be many more and if a decision is made to re-classify the electronic cigarette 2 things will happen, people will be forced back onto cigarettes, and the e-cigarette industry will go underground, neither of which are good for us the people.  i don't want my life to be dictated for me, i want to be able to choose and i choose to vape, i don't want to stop vaping but i know many people who do use the electronic cigarette to stop. why does the government insist that we do as they say.  many people are on the breadline too and the average pack of cigarettes is £7.00, people cannot afford this, but they are also addicted to nicotine, surely this is a proven method of ensuring that people don't starve or become homeless for the sake of their habit, and that they can quite happily save money and vape electronic cigarettes at a 10th of the cost of cigarettes.  think how much money will be saved by easing the pressure on the nhs with smoke related illness, this has to count some way for the government in balancing the books in loss of tax but gain in the nhs system?  regards linda reid
t3_47qj1f-t1_d0fb0fn-d0find4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7682	glad we can help.  most of the time it's nothing. and don't freak out if you get a bad mammogram. it's seems lately that 3 out of 4 times they see a "shadow" and insist on doing a more detailed scan which turns up nothing.  but not before scaring the shit out of you for a week.    my wife had a hormonally responsive breast cancer at 29, just a year after giving birth to her son.  it came back 3 years ago when she started menopause. we did 30 days of radiation and it took care of it. it came back 3 weeks ago and is now in her spine in 3 locations.    i don't tell you this to scare you.  i tell you so that you get checked out and rule out any bad news.  get your mammogram and well woman checks every year like clockwork.  it might be a waste of time. it might save your life.
t3_dnv0a-t1_c11lxyi-c11m9ww	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7934	agree with gimli - it's not harming anyone to participate in breast cancer awareness.  "the chance of one of my friends being saved is not worth my facebook newsfeed getting spammed."  eesh.  that may be true to you, but i don't see it like that.    disclaimer:  i am female;  i did not participate in the facebook "i like it" campaign; i lost my favorite aunt to breast cancer; i have donated money to breast cancer awareness.  i guess if you calculated my odds of caring, they would be significantly higher than yours.  i agree with you, you came off sounding heartless.
t3_1l2cy2-t1_cbv62lr-cbv6e4n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol
t3_2k20ro-t1_clh6czi-clhs5qj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	23? with pancreatic adenocarcinoma? that's terrible.   i hope he got a second opinion on his pathology.   getting the word out on pancreatic cancer is really difficult. to be straight, it lacks the marketing-friendly 'sex appeal' of breast cancer, and the news about the disease is almost universally bad. for some perspective, look at a print campaign out of the uk last february. the slogan-- which angered many people but was on the mark for so many others, was "i wish i had breast cancer."  https://pancreaticcanceraction.org/community/blog/i-wish-i-had/
t3_1i7ud8-t3_1i7ud8-cb1ubpi	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7592	guy here. sorry to hear that, but breast cancer is very treatable. try not to assume the worst at this point. (my ex had it.)  tell your fiance what you told us. you understand you don't want to be a burden on him. but he really should help you out, chemo will wear you out. depending on the type of chemo, there will be several days after each "dose" where you will need help walking, making food, etc. the house cleaning can wait.   since i've already gone through this, i know what to expect. i will expect to be doing all housework for my fiance, taking her to all her appointments, make sure she gets all her meds, cooking for her, etc.   do not be surprised if the nurse wears a full body chemo suit complete with hood and respirator, like in the movies. some chemo is very toxic to skin, but apparently fine in the veins. if he goes to your chemo appointment with you, you need to prepare him for this. no one told me and i was like "holy wtf???"  1. he may or may not be able to deal with this but you still must tell him.  2. accept his help if he offers. admit when you need help and when you want to try to walk yourself.  3. admit when you really want him to be with you during the actual treatment at the hospital. and tell him.   for your best friends, tell them face to face. i'm sure they want to be there with you and cry with you. i'm sure they want to be there for you too.  don't deny them this.   my ex embraced the baldness and right before chemo she had a shaving party. she shaved all her hair off there, it is better than seeing it all fall out in gobs in the shower. all friends were encouraged to shave their head too, for support. and i bought her a survivor tv show bandana.
t3_3yz1ca-t3_3yz1ca-cyi1wr6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not a doctor and my knowledge is purely from being a girl, meaning i have been educated about breast cancer since i was 12--yay for self-examinations!  but, i would go to the doctor to have them check that out. breast cancer occurs in men more often than people think, and the symptoms seem worrisome. good luck!
t3_48h0h7-t1_d0kilyw-d0kv3k1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6882	&gt; its basically caused by error (or several) in the cell's genetic code, causing it to a) work not like its supposed to  &gt; are advised to perform preventive full mastectomy and breast rebuild operations, as to lower their cancer chance  this is horrific and inexcusable.  how could anyone in their right mind say this is healthful?  it's quackery.  it doesn't make sense that science could ostensibly be so advanced as to be working on the genetic level, as if they know what they are doing and have a right to play god with people gene's and fate, and yet so clueless that they can't point to a cause or a cure, and don't really even have what one would call "effective" treatments.    people on chemo are basically tortured to death, and it's passed off as "advanced medicine".  i've witnessed it happen, and what's worse, it happened to someone who spent their whole career ostensibly working on "the advancement medical technology".  there's no good excuse for it in the 21st century.    if it's one disease, call it with one name.  if it isn't one disease with one cure, then it's a misleading misnomer to call it by one name, because you're obviously talking about more than one thing.
t3_4kn96w-t1_d3gbxuj-d3gcecs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	frustratingly i have seen people hate on breast cancer charity events because it's not inclusive of other cancers too. specifically in the uk breast cancer gets a lot of attention in terms of ads and events - it's definitely one of the most talked about and advertised types of cancer.
t3_1emwf6-t3_1emwf6-caa39mi	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7908	feeling this way is not silly at all.  in the past couple of years i have been dealing with my own breast cancer, and my father has lung cancer.  this shit is hard, and i have a fair share of completely miserable days.  i'm not strong, and i'm having a hard time finding that hunger for life and being able to get out there and do all the awesome things that i see many cancer patients doing after they finished their treatment.  that's also an image of a cancer patient, finish treatment, and its all celebrations and a new found enthusiasm for everything.  and everyone supporting you.  it's not always the case.
t3_476hjl-t1_d0aon1y-d0auhsl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	at my first appointment i needed to list all serious illnesses and/or operations i had had. also all medications i had been taking the last year (i listed all my ivf meds and she had to laugh). let me think... oh, all vaccinations too, but i couldn't remember so she just had my blood checked for all important titers (rubella, chicken pox, toxoplasmosis, cmv, mumps, hep b and hep c). breast cancer history in my family, and previous pregnancies and/or miscarriages. also had to include the type of conception. she asked whether the embryo was made with one of my eggs or one of my wife's, but that is less relevant in your case.  that is all i can remember. :)
t3_2sn4wa-t3_2sn4wa-cnrl69f	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi,  i have metastatic breast cancer and had a liver resection surgery.  it is not done for breast cancer normally but i was young and healthy and like you, i wanted aggressive treatment so i totally get it.    i detailed the entire thing on my blog but i am not a frequenter here so don't know if i'm allowed to post the link.    search my username and you'll find my blog and then search for liver resection and you'll see my posts. i posted the entire story in pieces, there are about five posts, from pre-op to hospitalization to home, but i'll recap it here.  at the time i had just started my 4th chemo, navelbine.  it had shrunk the tumors enough to have the resection - i only had three and they were all in one area (they thought) so decided to remove half the liver.  it was just lucky how my oncologist had heard about somebody trying it for breast cancer patients and referred me.  i met all the criteria and was accepted.  the surgery was difficult, as you can imagine, but i recovered swiftly. the first day the pain is quite intense no matter how much morphine but they will make you stand up anyway.  do it, you feel better afterwards.   i was in the hospital six days.  (i was at ucsf).  the first couple days were rough, but then i'd feel okay in the mornings and get bad in the afternoon.  they took my catheter out on the third day and man, the walk to the bathroom seemed a mile long!  but by the time i left i was okay - i drove 100 miles home over bumpy ca roads.  i had them give me a shot of dilaudid and a valium right before i got in the car and i slept most of the way home.     unfortunately, 2 months later i got c-diff and went septic. i'd been sick for several weeks but without the hallmark of that disease so nobody knew what it was.  we thought bladder infection but nope.   i nearly died from that, went to the icu.    i spent more time in the hospital from c-diff than the surgery and had to delay my chemo for a time.  i don't know how it is with colon but with breast cancer you keep doing chemo for a while, so i did eventually go back on it.  i am not sure it frees you from chemo right away but maybe with colon it will.   while you are under the knife, they ultrasound your liver as no test is good enough outside the body.  they did find another spot of cancer that had not been seen on any scan and was  too close to the portal vein to cut out, so they ablated it.   i recovered from that and the c-diff but a year later cancer was found growing in that ablated spot.  i've been on 7 chemos to date, but am now ned because of perjeta/herceptin.  perjeta was not out when i was diagnosed and it's been a miracle.  it's not a colon cancer drug though.  i also did sbrt, which is a gamma knife type procedure, even though i'd been ned from perjeta - we just decided to make sure it was dead.  that was far easier than the resection so i would look into that first.  you get tired and a bit nauseated but very minor.  i have never been the same as before cancer of course, and i have pain in my right side always.  i had a pet scan yesterday to see if i'm still ned or not. but i think there are probably adhesions and stuff from the surgery causing cramps and issues.  i don't think you can have a surgery like that and not have some issues, but they are minor.  i am alive and relatively well.  my goal was to live to see my son graduate high school and i did that and he is a freshman at caltech!  so you just keep going, keep trying.   i think a resection is more successful for colon patients than for breast cancer and i would definitely look into it.  get a 2nd opinion at a major cancer center if your oncologist is being balky.  it's a rough surgery and you need to be in good shape for it.  but also look into the radiation techniques, they are successful and easier.    good luck!
t3_1o6580-t1_ccp72ez-ccp8b0q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	exactly.  me, i have boobs. do i care about breast cancer? of course. but susan g. komen can go fuck herself with a cactus.  when you buy anything pink for supporting breast cancer research, you're supporting a scam. first of all, only a certain percent of that pink-marketed apparel shit goes to the sugan g. komen foundation. then, only ~21% of that money goes to the actual research towards breast cancer.   but the susan g komen foundation spends an extraordinarily high amount of time sueing other charities for using their copyrighted pink ribbon or phrases that the copyrighted, such as "for the cure." i don't think that is particularly generous or shows that they really care about the victims of breast cancer (or any cancer, for that matter).   they also take a good amount of their money (~12%) to pad their own pocket books with ridiculously high paychecks (think 400k+ a year salaries), and then spend more of their money on advertising. that is, ~10% on "fundraising" and ~35% on "education/awareness," which is another way of saying public advertising so people buy more pink shit to help them make bank. does some of that money go on to help fund cancer research? yeah, sure. but i wouldn't call the foundation a charity.  if you want to actually help breast cancer victims, don't buy a pink shirt from the nhl where 10% of your profit goes to susan's squad of scammers, because then only 2% of your money makes it to research. give 100% it directly to research and stop wearing that pink crap.
t3_z19x1-t3_z19x1-c60m2cb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7683	not really, my mom had breast cancer twice within a year in her mid 40s; i feel terrible for you.   my only words of wisdom are what she told me last year when i was having a rough spot in my life and was trying to stay positive:  "i decided i wasn't going to let it define who i am.  i had breast cancer, but that wasn't the defining moment of my life, far from it."  don't let it take over your life, that's easier said then done, but you have to keep as much normalcy as you can.
t3_3a1twt-t3_3a1twt-cs8mlj7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm a breast cancer survivor.  i did surgery (uni mastectomy), chemo, and radiation, and am now on tamoxifen.  it had spread to my lymph nodes.  it's scary.  you'll need support.  you also need to start treatment as soon as you can.  make sure you get a second opinion on the treatment asap, then get started.  the sooner you start, the sooner you can be done and get back to a semi-normal life!
t3_z33bm-t3_z33bm-c611zx6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i actually was concerned about this too. i've been on it for nearly 9 years straight (i'm in my late 20s). i went off for a few months about 2 years into taking it, but it was because of a bad injury and i can't comment on my body's adjustment since so much other shit was going on at that point. i've used seasonale for the last 5-6 years. i asked my doctor about it a few days ago (since i have a history of breast cancer in my family) and she said that while she wouldn't recommend staying on it into my late 30s/40s (due to the increased risk of breast cancer), for now it is fine.
t3_2ikd25-t1_cl2yqco-cl3c95g	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was walking through a mall once and a woman stopped me and asked if i had a moment to support breast cancer. and i looked her in the eye with the most discussed look i could make and said, "no way breast cancer is a horrible thing and i will not support it."
t3_3fe5fp-t3_3fe5fp-ctnsg5a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**gilded posts**     --- |score|author|post title| |:-|-|-| |1372|/u/halftrick|[have a hit with me fellow ents](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3efvbf/have_a_hit_with_me_fellow_ents/?ref=search_posts)| |1347|/u/mguelb92|[[update] my mom is going to die of breast cancer and she wants to try marijuana to ease her pain. i asked /r/trees for help and got some.](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3eww8g/update_my_mom_is_going_to_die_of_breast_cancer/?ref=search_posts)| |81|/u/jjsantucci|[left my job at starbucks corporate to join a cannabis startup back in january, haven't looked back since...ama!](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3f618p/left_my_job_at_starbucks_corporate_to_join_a/?ref=search_posts)| |43|/u/jho17|[as the stoner who struggles with depression and likes to write](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3f5d94/as_the_stoner_who_struggles_with_depression_and/?ref=search_posts)|  ---    **gilded comments**     --- |ups|author|post title|link to comment| |:-|-|-|-| |324|/u/meloosh13|for those new to this|[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3ex4xw/for_those_new_to_this/ctj97ye)| |286|/u/amiriteclyde|my downstairs neighbor loves to garden. the weird thing is, he only grows a particular type of plant. i wonder why.|[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3f67lf/my_downstairs_neighbor_loves_to_garden_the_weird/ctm61tk)| |53|/u/ndhl83|[update] my mom is going to die of breast cancer and she wants to try marijuana to ease her pain. i asked /r/trees for help and got some.|[link](https://www.reddit.com/r/trees/comments/3eww8g/update_my_mom_is_going_to_die_of_breast_cancer/ctj9mmb)|
t3_44brmt-t1_czp9f9d-czprys0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've lived in my house for 30 years. never had a problem with the neighbors, had get together, were cordial, would ask eachother to keep an eye on the house while we were away.   then they moved in about 10 years ago with lottery winnings, with the biggest stick up the ass i've ever seen. oh no. they bought a house with no driveway in boston and needed to find street parking. seeing that driveways abutted either side of their house, they started suing us for our driveways, and since the property and fences are older than city maps, the official property lines didnt match up and they had their case.  oh no. we shoveled our driveways, and the 11 feet of snow on their side of the fence made their fence fall over. time to sue us for a new fence.   oh no. they think we shoveled snow into their yard. time to call the cops. fuck you neighbor. that pile fell off your fucking roof. we learned not to do that the year you moved in the husband yelled at my mother who was on fucking chemo for breast cancer and in no state to deal with that.   what, the tree in your yard that you'd tied your clothes line around fell down - took out the fence - and landed nearly entierly in my yard is my problem to deal with. okay. im not going to fight this one. fuck you neighbor.  oh, people like to use my driveway to turn around and someone hitting your fence is my fault, fuck you no its not.  what - i shoveled snow on the sidewalk and put some of it on the curb in front of your house. no. dont call the cops. they'll just laugh at you. (they did)  oh look. your daughter got fired from her job at the police station because she was sending too many cops out to harrass us and the people on the other side (who have their own fantastic stories).  oh, we purposefully left your front gate open - then went to open the dog pen gate to purposefully let your dog out. and then get hit by a car. yup. we totally did that. and then we did the same thing 5 years later with your next dog. no we fucking didnt you crazy people.  thanks for calling the cops on us when we were fixing our porch staircase. really, we need a building permit? for fixing steps. fuck you neighbor.  really. your going to sit on your porch and watch us while we grill. okay. you do that. have fun.  oh no. i'm trying to fix my car in my driveway. you stand in your doorway filming me with your phone. clearly i'm out to get you in some way....  i dont know their names. i dont talk to them. i talk to the police who've theyve sent to sternly tell me off.   some people are just fucking insane and crazy and feel entitled to shit and dont want to fix things for themselves so they put it on other people. let's just say if my neighbors house was to burn down, the neighborhood wouldnt ralley together for her.
t3_25rn7w-t1_chk88la-chk8s7i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i work for esco corp that makes these excavator teeth for caterpillar, john deere, and loads of other places. most customers ask us to paint them a custom color to match the bucket it will be put on. years back i had to paint some pink like the breast cancer awareness color for some expo.
t3_1i7w4w-t3_1i7w4w-cb1u5ph	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7579	great question! as an american, our healthcare system financially can destroy a person with a single diagnosis and treatments involved. how does the canadian healthcare system deal a person diagnosed with cancer? i had breast cancer and i am paying on $123,000 worth of medical bills.
t3_2mzma9-t1_cm932jj-cm9a6yz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;worlds citizens of addressings advancings neurosciences radiating technologies impacts of populations physical and mental health-freedoms with next generations and international society rights awarenesses. "hong kong justice and microwave beam radiation" very extraordinary phenomenon and all compass in hk disoriented(abnormal emr power effects)in urgent appeal and petition to un/who on 'google/yahoo'. it is confirmed hksar in perpetuals exercisings in of the neurosciences radiating technologies airborne 'bio-neuro-effects'(us patent: 4877027; 5800481; 6011991; 6167304; 6488617; .......)via giant microwave antenna array at of broadcasting since years and in the on-goings, and in of x-hi radiation with hk observatory recorded lowest 1,300 msv/hr(65 folds over the radiation absorbtion limit for human per year)coupling satellite the secret surveillances over individuals and populations most privacy, of extensives perpetuatings atrocious acts of law enforcement in anywhere effectings deep livelihoods, safeties and health of complete population in hk  and  the neurotransmittings effects of anywhere from hk effectings others regions in pan asia pacific and far to n.america. the proof of the hk materials research unraveled(apr.04,2013)all children born in hk does self-administrating abilities decreasings(neuro-associative disorders), other research(apr.24,13) revealed hk chilrden in extra high trend of narcissit(self loving psycho), eye-health-sight damagings of small children and teens("ultrstructural changes in rabbit lens induced by microwave radiation"), the emergings of fast rising skeletal &amp; developing irregularities of children(inter-neural-physio malpractisings), hk health official survey(jun.23,2013)confirmed special alert over hk children critically housing in abnormal high 20%------"high power emf effects", hk public panel( may,28,2013)survey warranted the unusual suicidal spate of young children(youngest at 9 years old) and youngs-----"neurochem-mental effects", the hk news report(apr.11,2013)reasserted hk youngs ages acquired brain diseases parkinsons in high risings---"neuro-brain degenerative diseases", hk news report(jun.18,2013)assured alarmings increases of hk new born babies with the gens defects devoted to congenital metabolism deficiencies in with enzymes deficits consequented to organs failures and bran development impairments---"high strengths emr effects", the compulsives high promotions cancerous diseases(hk news report(may,15,2013 )affirmed 50% increasings of breast cancer in hk women, and on aug.13,2013 indicated 450% increasings of neuro-endocrine tumour incidences in hk, high incidences of youngchild cancers in hk-----"high energy emr effects of melatonin", the techno-neural-physio transmittings as of bio-physics effects over publics domain, with of hk news report(aug.24,2013)showed 50% of all hk pupils with the mental-ill symptoms of anxieties, yet forthcomings hospitals &amp; professionals erroneous as with the verified surgeon doctors(on may,22,2013)unveiled unwittings cognitive impairings of big fault with wrong heart blood type transplanted operatives, and on aug.19,2013 an hk university cardiology expert doctors had been suspended from the licensing surgeons as causes----"brain-eegs wave effects", again(on may,28,2013)hk nurses susceptibilities to emr hypersensitivities in disconnecting oxygen devices causings patient collapsed, in again on sept.06,2013 a patient with artificial respiratory airway died of it blocked by tissues, and other patient died as it blocked by gauze in other hospitals in hk, financial markets professions in with publicised unprofessionals mistaken transactions on aug.16&amp;19 sequals----"brain-waves effects ",  premature aging syndromes of healthy adults and mental-brain health morbidity(high rate of skilled marathon games runner and trained pilots/drivers in fatqiue/faints/ deaths----"immune-metabolism disarrays", in with ceasless the qualitative denote electro-stimulus frequencies stimulations of the indubitable concertings of social discontentings and resentments over individuals and society-community manifested with different govt., in with the consistents high growings bellicose groups of the anti-society-govt rhetorics of in the showings worlds news daily. and in the absolute deprivings of right to life health freedoms of peoples globes, special of needy-ill-adaptings groups worlds.  ("the delcaration of universal human rights", un. 1943").  when of the realizings the neurotechnologies irradiations toxics effects in have the humans bio-physio-genetics health functionals("neurological effects of radiofrequencies electromagnetic radiation", dr.henry lai on 'internet'), and the lesionings of immunological reactivities, bio-celluous lipid and proteins sugars enzymes interpretations irregularities, the sciences proof of humans dna strands damages of its profound repairing functions and gens mediatings-translations in health reproducitivity("biological effects of narrow band pulsed electric fields"), and of endure exogenous surging power resonances elf bioelectric pulses-trains irritation sof bio-celluous-chem dynamics impairments and structures-growths anomalies of cancer incidences("high energy emf effects on cancer, melatonin and tamosiffen"), the continuities of the modulatd elf stimuli-impulses-trains frequencies in of vital direct intrusive stimulatings of humans brain of neurological disruptive psychic-psycho effected mental health("microwave bioeffect congruecne with schizophrenia")of which blind can see(images projectings direct on to occipital cortexes), deaf can hear(mimic sounds.speeches transmittings in to hearing zone of brain cortexes), brain eegs and morphologies, intra-cortecis inter-actings, neural-physiology disarrays, memories functionings, neurasyphilis, and the studied 'blood-brain-barrier' in impairments, and of non bio-physio functionals bindings mechanism of brain, of producing interferences, with of the rapid growings diagnosis of psychiatric-psycho with of young ages among common populations, with of to irreparable involuntary suicides deposits to seniors developed adults with of life-unrests-disturbings(washington navy yard suicidal shootings in sept.2013), and with of horrific highcrime in-ac-cidents. equipped with dream-manipulations functionings at night sleepings, and 24hrs-days-years hallucinations phenomenon, enticings mental state sets discords irregularities of individuals and populations, the bio-neural-physio abnormalities effects to students youngs and adukts, with of leans &amp; cognitions, behaviourals-psycho, and mnestic abilities developments inhabituations deficiencies alienations, with of to in schoolings-works-life disengaings. ("humans sciences"/"human brain sciences")..   cont'd.  ..............    wut
t3_1997hg-t3_1997hg-c8m0c31	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8918	my grandmother owned a large lot land and built a house on it in the sixties. the majority of the property was cleared and nice grass and trees were out in. i'd say about 4 acres or so worth of grass. well, my grams was stubborn and raised on a farm so she decided it would be mowed and maintained by her. but she did so with a large farmall tractor and attached a flail mower to the back.   http://i.imgur.com/nlwo0hd.png   she cared for the lawn, trees and garden for years. now, jump forward to 1995 or so. she was out and about taking care of the lawn and noticed a dead woodchuck on the outskirts of the property on a hill. she parked the tractor, still running and hopped off to move it. she had a pitchfork and scooped this thing up and pitched it into the weeds. when she turned around she noticed the tractor starting a slow roll down the hill.  her being in her seventies at this point made no difference to her. she hauled off and tried to get back on the tractor to stop it from rolling all the way down the hill. her pant leg was caught and she was pulled under the tractor. a tire rolled right over her, along with the powered on flail mower. we have no idea what time this happened, but somehow she woke up and walked at least 3 acres to the house. she took off her white blouse and started to soak it to get the blood out. despite the shirt being torn to shreds. she then called my dad and said "i think i'm hurt"  she was. she had broken her hip, leg in three places, 17 ribs, broken collar bone, broken arm, shattered her wrist, numerous cuts and lesions, hair line fractures all over the place.  she lived, healed like a champ and was back out mowing her lawn as soon as she could. she also survived breast cancer and had a double mastectomy. toughest women i've ever met. and to this day we sing "grama got run over by a john deer" at christmas. even though it was a farmall tractor. she got a kick out of it. she died at the age of 86, peacefully in her sleep, 20 years to the day that my grandfather passed.   tl;dr - grama was run over my a massive farm tractor, walked home on many broken bones and bleeding. lived years after to tell the tale.
t3_yjc5z-t3_yjc5z-c5wg9cc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.795	my mother had breast cancer and was cured last year, despite this i have to admit breast cancer does get the limelight and it is a little unfair in some ways (though i'm still massively grateful they got rid of my mums cancer in a jiffy). i lost my grandfather to prostate cancer, he fought it 5 years longer than the doctors thought he would survive, only a few years later did they actually find a much more successful way of treating prostate cancer (which in his case might have saved him) :/
t3_17vcz8-t3_17vcz8-c89ef4p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a friend, we will call him bob. bob is known for putting his foot in his mouth all the time. in this instances, a friend of his announced she was taking some time off from college, and she was having a going away party. no one really knows why she is taking the time off, but assume she will announce it at the gathering. during the party when she is about to announce why she is taking some time off he blurts out,   "what, you finally going to get that boob job that you've always wanted?"  she response with, "actually, i have breast cancer and i'm getting a double mastectomy."   so he follows up with, "oh come on, how the fuck was i suppose to know that one?"  she ended up being fine. but is no longer friends with bob.
t3_1rwftv-t3_1rwftv-cdrv6cc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i dont shave and my so teases sometimes, but honestly i don't think he really cares. he doesn't seem to notice when i shave my legs, and at this point having a clean shave on the muff makes me uncomfortable, looks a little too girlish, i'm a woman for shit sakes! the pit hair he could do without, but who cares. i have a history of breast cancer in my family so it doesn't seem worth it to remove protection from crucial glands right beside my breasts. i "trim" my pubic region with a beard trimmer and keep it tidy, mostly because i find it traps less odour that way, and as an ora sex courtesey. also i find it's easier to keep clean during menstration if it's not as long.  at the end of the day, if he was going to get scared off by a little body hair then he isn't really worth it now is he?  the one thing i will say, if you are the type that will occasionally shave for special occasions (weddings, formal parties, etc.) then you should throw him a bone and shave just for him every now and then too, because special. you shouldn't have the attitude that you'll shave for a bunch of people you barely know/like but not for him, otherwise he might resent it at that point.   edit: i should probably mention that i'm a natural red head and my body hair is very lightly coloured. it catches the sun rays, but other than that it's almost completely unnoticeable. my sister has black hair and when she doesn't shave it's much different story.
t3_1tdfnk-t3_1tdfnk-ce73h1v	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	what is your condition?   i have stage iv breast cancer. it has spread to my lungs and my brain. i am 42.  how do you manage it?   there isn't anything more the doctors can do for me at this point that won't take away from my quality of life. i'm just thankful that the tumors responded to the chemo and radiation and stopped growing for a little while, but this isn't expected to last much longer. as far as the physical management of the disease there is no management, only to "wait and see".  the emotional management, however, is a different story. i began stand up comedy before this diagnosis, so i use stand up to talk about what having a terminal disease is like. it can be very cathartic and allows me to reach out to people in a unique way. it also allows others who have been touched by this disease to find something to laugh about.   what is your life expectancy?  i have 6 months to live. this 6 months includes both any "healthy" time i have left as well as the brutal and painful deterioration that accompanies a terminal cancer diagnosis. how much "healthy" time is left no one can say.  here's my set from a couple months ago (nsfw): http://youtu.be/fksln0flfds
t3_1qhfkc-t3_1qhfkc-cdczwmq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	very nice to see!  i'm participating in movember.  i posted a link to my page on facebook and asked people to donate.  i haven't gotten any donations.  normally i wouldn't care, but honestly, when people post links looking for money, i always donate.  at my friends' requests i have donated to the special olympics,  breast cancer research, relay for life, cancer 5ks, animal rehab, and a funeral fund.  that's just off the top of my head.  as sad as it is to say, i think i'm going to have to seriously reconsider when i open my wallet to help others.
t3_awtxg-t1_c0jt26n-c0jt2il	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh we have a fair bit of nipple stuff in bed. we've even talked about this as a sexual thing. needless to say, this developement hasn't been unwelcome!  yes, breast cancer was something that came to mind (as soon as anything goes wrong with a boob, thats nearly always the first thing to spring to mind), but she checked them both super thoroughly and was happy there are no lumps etc
t3_2698a3-t1_chp2jad-chp40qj	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6551	as someone going through the public system with breastscreen, i suspect you are right, my mil went for her annual mammogram, got a call that afternoon that something was abnormal, got booked in for a follow up the very next day, a biopsy the next week, and within the month she was sitting in hospital after a double mastectomy ready to start radiation and talking to an endocronilogist about hrt options.  she caught it very early and was very lucky, and her private insurance paid for almost all of it.  i don't have very good private insurance. i started lactating out one breast, and i felt a lump, i went to my local free clinic who felt my breasts and said it was just a cyst. a few months later i decided i should get it looked at again because it was now painful, my gp sent me off for an ultrasound, it took a week to get the appointment. they told me they would call me within the week if it was bad news. i didn't receive a call, so i figured all was good, and i left it for about 3 weeks before i saw my gp, it turns out it wasn't good, they just forgot to call, i went to breastscreen to get a heat scan (that took 4 weeks), and now i'm on a waiting list for a biopsy, but that could take 8 months.  if i had the cash i could pay out the arse and get the biopsy tomorrow, but i can't afford it.   i'm doing my best not to be rude because its no-one's fault but the system, but if it turns out that it is cancer, i wont be happy about having to wait so long, and i will do my best not to direct my anger at a person, but i can't promise i wont accidentally be rude, emotions will run high when you are talking about something like this.  all that said, it is likely just a cyst, so 8 months wont kill me, its just frustrating and painful.
t3_abwcx-t3_abwcx-c0gtz11	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7587	oh sweetness, how i can relate.  12 years ago i was diagnosed with stage iv inflammatory breast cancer. the cancer had spread to numerous places and surgery was definitely not an option. i was six weeks past my 31st birthday and told reaching my 32nd was very unlikely. google me. i use my real name. i've been covered in numerous newspapers, magazines and television. my case is also taught at the va as how not to treat a patient.   1. ignore the prognosis. ignore the prognosis. did you hear what i said? ignore the prognosis. doctors practice the art of medicine. they are not fortune-tellers.  2. call social security. immediately. ask them what forms are needed  to receive disability. liver cancer isn't fun, but it is survivable. you will need to get the social security disability application started now. essentially you get a form from the social security website, take it to the doctor, s/he fills it out saying you are unable to work for a least a year because of an advanced cancer diagnosis and you return it to the ssa.   3. stay on top of them. they have lots of hoops for you to jump through. keep jumping. once you get the social security disability, you are automatically qualified for your state's medicaid. (an advanced cancer is much more likely to be fast-tracked than a soft-tissue injury like a hurt back.)   4. go the nci website. look at the liver cancer section. read everything. start here: http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/pdq/treatment/adult-primary-liver/patient. i can tell you when you look up my cancer it says almost everyone dies in the first 5 years and the rest die in the next 5 years. clearly i am still here 12 year later. the statistics don't matter as you are a statistic of one. ignore the doctor's prognostics.   5. since it doesn't sound like you have much of a support system, or at least one you'd like to use right now, you need to take the lead on this. figure out what options you have for treatment if money is no object. this is the treatment you are going to fight for.   when i was diagnosed, i was told repeatedly, by numerous different doctors and numerous different hospitals that i was going to die. one was kind enough to give me the contact information for hospice. i chose to ignore them. it was hard. when i first got the diagnosis, i cried for an entire day. then i got on the internet for the next three days and researched my brain out. i looked at all the research. if they had published in english, i called them. i called some researcher in italy, another in south africa, and a dozen across the us. i figured out the latest and greatest treatments and went back to the doctors and told them how we were going to proceed.   i fired lots of doctors. if they didn't believe i could survive, i didn't want them anywhere around me or my care. my cancer was a rare one, but those who did know what it was almost always gave me what i called the deer in the headlight look. they were incredulous that despite a very advanced case of inflammatory breast cancer, i was still alive, standing there and getting pissed because i was kept waiting.   i was always kind of an in-your-face person. that served me well. i was such a pain in the ass, it was easier to treat me than to not treat me. i wasn't rude, but i was the most persistent patient they had ever seen. and sometimes i needed to be rude. you need to become the most persistent patient they have ever seen.   6. in the mean time, track down the social service arm of the hospital. what services are available?   7. google liver cancer support groups. i wasn't much for the emotional support, but these support groups have people who are ahead of you in treatment. ask what others are getting in terms of treatment for a similarly staged liver cancer. also, there are thousands of people diagnosed with cancer who don't have insurance. find out what options others have found on these support groups.   8. when i found out i had cancer i was alone. i told my boyfriend at the time and then called my mother later that night. i have a large family. the telephone tree started and within an hour all my parents, siblings, aunts and uncles knew. and they sprung into action. it was certainly a shock, but no one had any meltdown other than me. my mother cried later, but not when i told her. i didn't phrase it that i was going to die, i just said i had a rare breast cancer and that it had spread. lots of people didn't even know there were different kinds of breast cancer, so i didn't necessarily have to go into detail. it was just kind of matter of fact.  9. there isn't a cancer in the world that someone hasn't survived. make certain you are that someone.  10. email me privately for my phone. i volunteer for the bloch cancer foundation and speak with young, newly-diagnosed, advanced cancer patients all the time.   this is a lot to take in right now. i haven't even touched on finances, the time commitment, the feeling that someone pushed the pause button on your life while everyone else's life moves merrily forward. i understand all these thing and an happy to offer suggestions, information and cheerleading and the occasional kick in the butt.  don't give up before you even begin to fight.
t3_yyuky-t1_c607inx-c608idw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	dear lord... i'm so sorry for your loss. i have always accepted breast cancer as an inevitability (mom and aunt both had aggressive forms), but the fear your sisters have to deal with must be hell. and losing two loved ones so close together... /internet hug  fuck cancer.
t3_qlo7i-t1_c3yqbgc-c3yqlq4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5094	i was found to be severely vitamin d deficient (a 7 when normal is 30+ or something) when i was diagnosed with breast cancer and put on prescription vitamin d (maybe 30,000 ius a day). my levels normalized and now i take 1000 ius daily. my docs recommends the brand bluebonnet, which i get at whole foods. i say start at 1000 but maybe see how much it costs next time you see your doc to get your levels checked. i'm sure all us office-workers are deficient.
t3_1t83i1-t1_ce5b81f-ce5cmsh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes there are other cancers, i had skin cancer myself. however, breast cancer is very curable when found early. all it takes is a screening to save so many lives.   no one would find it reasonable for everyone to go get a brain scan to check for a brain tumor. breast cancer is more common, easily detectable, and when found early on, curable.
t3_4yk2ty-t3_4yk2ty-d6zrsap	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	meh, i'm almost guaranteed to die of some kind of cancer, whole family that has made it past 50 either died from some form of it or died from an accident before/after they were diagnosed.  i had one aunt who just survived breast cancer and she cracked her skull on a counter two days after she had recovered and was sent home.  we dump tons of cash into cancer research, and hospitals for treatment, but in the end we end up dead anyways. :/
t3_14ff6m-t3_14ff6m-c7cq8ft	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8464	i feel like i shouldn't use a throwaway anymore.  i haven't been ridiculed and there hasn't been any negativity.  my reddit name is emjay221, so i can use that from now on after this post.    some background on things:  i work at cvs, but right now i'm only getting weekend hours.  i was a medical transcriptionist for many years, but it's a dying field.  voice recognition has gotten so good that now a transcriptionist isn't as critical.  they cut our pay by a ton, and hours by almost 75%.  i now just make sure the computer didn't make any big mistakes and if it did, i fix it.  so, they pay about 3 cents a line now where i used to make $15.00 an hour.  i signed up at nursing school to get a new trade, but that wasn't able to continue because infant child care is $200+ a week where i live, so i had to stop.  so... back to transcription and i started working weekends at cvs.  transcription at home, and weekend in the store so i could have her father watch her.  my 13 year old just hangs out at the neighbors while i am at work.  this cut out the child care costs, but nursing isn't likely to happen any time soon, because it's done during the day.    i am supposed to sign up for a night paralegal class at fau that would start in january, but i am waiting on the financial aid office to get it together. those classes would be at night so i could have her father watch her and still be able to go to school.  child care assistance here is a 2-year waiting list, so that's not an option.    i'm basically working every time my daughter is asleep or at her dads.  i used to play wow, but i deactivated that when money got tight.  i  don't have real internet.  i am using a program called easytether that i bought for $10.  i plug my phone into my computer and i use the phones data plan.  so, i don't have an internet bill right now.  my phone is on my ex's plan, so i just give him the $30 a month to keep a phone, because it's better than getting a plan and paying higher bill.  i don't have cable.  my car doesn't have payments so i have minimal insurance.  i've basically cut out everything i possibly can to make it on the bare minimum.    i know i don't have to explain all of this, because none of you have asked, but i feel like since people want to help me, that i owe full disclosure.    i am still surprised that my post was noticed and in a positive way.  i  try to help people whenever i can.  i wanted to be a nurse because when i had breast cancer in 2007, the oncology nurses were so wonderful and i wanted to be able to give back and help people.  by the way, next month is 6 years cancer free.  woot!  i totally beat the odds with my type of cancer, and managed to give birth to a healthy baby in the process.    my kids don't have a lot.  my son gives up the most.  i know he doesn't have all the things most of the kids in his school have.  he doesn't have a cell phone.  he doesn't have $150 shoes.  some jerks pick on him because he has one pair of shoes, and not one for every day of the week.  he knows he doesn't need all of that.  but kids can be mean and make fun of him because he wears the same clothes and then rewears then the next week.  i don't know what their parents spend on a clothing budget, but i don't remember kids being such jerks when i was a kid.  of course that was in the stone age according to him. if they knew that some of his shorts and pants came from goodwill, they'd never let him live it down, but fortunately, you can get brand name stuff there, so they don't know.   i am so grateful to have healthy children, and even a roof over our heads, so i felt crappy writing about a tree, when that's not the most important thing in the world, but it's for my kids, not me, and i needed to vent.  my son wants to decorate a tree.  i have some ornaments from when they were little that were fortunately stored in a plastic crate, so they didn't get ruined.  they give up so much as it is, i don't want them to miss out on a decent christmas too.  at this point in our lives, my children only get extras on birthdays and christmas, so i know for my son, this is what he looks forward to.    i'm rambling like a crazy lady now, but i'm so touched that anyone cares.  also, i know people on the internet can be scummy and lie and get cash for things not intended, and buy a ps3 or something instead of something for their kids.  i would never do that.  i can provide a receipt if it's something i get with a gift card, or pics of the kids with the tree.  i don't know how any of this works, because i've never done this before.    all i can say (other than my big ramble fest above) is thank you from the bottom of my heart.    i don't know how to summarize this with a tl:dr, but thank you.  i'm not proud of my situation, but i'm glad other people understand what hitting a rough spot is.
t3_49dxxq-t1_d0r5dht-d0r73ld	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8042	you can ask! i have a huge history of breast cancer in my family, so i got tested for brca a few years ago- i have it. i have been getting mammograms every 2 years since i was 19-will be 25 next month- because it has only ever been breast cancer. but because of my history, i get a pap every year along with other testing. yep, it was not any of that.   i had my annual two weeks ago and said that i had been having a pain around my ovary, but i just chalked it up to my iud (don't ask why i thought a pain by my ovary was my iud...denial?) or my barely there period. she pushed around and felt something and decided to send me for an ultrasound. a few days later she sent me to get blood work done because the ultrasound was abnormal. my pap also came back abnormal-she said sometimes the shedded ovarian cells can be picked up with a pap. got the results of the bloodwork and everything back last week. talked to her in depth today and i need a biopsy to get a conclusive answer.   just stay on top of everything like a crazy person. listen to your body. i am horrible about not paying attention to pain, mostly because i am terrified that it is going to be cancer. (my cousin was diagnosed with bc the first time at 26, soooooooo i am not some hypochondriac).   even if you don't have health insurance, go to planned parenthood, put it on a credit card, do whatever you need to do to stay on top of your screenings.
t3_45bedh-t1_czwkm5k-czwl654	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	suicide is terrible. but it should be allowed under certain circumstances like if you have terminal cancer.   hell my aunt who had terminal breast cancer didn't get treatment because she didn't want to prolong death.   but suicide if healthy is terrible. hundreds have committed suicide by jumping off the golden gate bridge, and every single one who lived regretted it instant micro second they jumped.
t3_15gslo-t3_15gslo-c7mfz2t	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	oh the other was informing my mom she was dying and telling the friggen oncologist she was dying. when a woman who has stage iv metastatic breast cancer starts to have organ failure, yea doc, sign the hospice directives. my mom was losing her ability to walk in dec., had acites, finally told me she hasn't went to the bathroom in a long time (that was in march). i knew what was going on. oncologist wanted her to still come in and i had to yell "i said she cannot move. she cannot walk, she is crawling. what the hell does she need to come in for, drink barium, get cts, bone scans, blood tests, etc just to tell her she is dying?!!!" she finally believed me. we had hospice signed the 10th. she died the 14th.  my mom had a bad passing. hallucinations, feeling like she was falling, etc. the only "good" hallucination was her asking me "how are you making that thing come down on your head? it's funny. is it a button?" scared the shit out of me hearing that. i told her, "yea mom, it's a button. pretty funny eh?" she laughed and said "that is soooo funny". then she fell into horrible hallucinations where we had to sedate her and then she fell into a coma. fuck that was hard.
t3_q7esu-t3_q7esu-c3vbujq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have always said that breast cancer awareness month should be "cancer awareness" in which we should focus on funding research for a different cancer every year.  that didn't go over well when i was trying to explain it to people but it is ridiculous. there are worse cancers with a lot less support but it's about marketing and money. america has discovered you can bank more talking about boobs than prostates.
t3_3yaw4r-t1_cyc654q-cycfjeo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	whoa whoa whoa. i've lived for five years in saudi and 14 in dubai. this is unfair to dubai. we had a rough patch during the recession with contractors running away without paying people salaries and things, but systems are now in place to prevent that. the government's gotten pretty strict about mistreating employee's, and they were pretty strict to begin with actually, but you just can't do anything when some private contractors straight up drop every thing and leave the country without a word.   compared to the rest of the middle east, the only place you can be more liberal is probably like lebanon. i mean, we have churches and hindu temples here, we have month-long breast cancer awareness events, and women can wear whatever they want as long as you're not like flashing your panties and stuff. there are some strict decency laws but it's an islamic state, what are you going to do? and unless you want to come here to get freaky in public, it's probably not going to apply to you. and if you do want to bare skin, we have beaches to do just that.  we aren't perfect mate, but goddamn are we trying. just a few weeks ago my sister had a collection drive at school to help out laborers living here who's families were affected by the floods in southern india. it's not so dark. there's always the story of some conmen who promised some impoverished guys in a third world country a fancy job , takes a massive downpayment, ships them away to dubai and then runs away with the money and sometimes their passports. it's not the government that's actively fucking people up. hell, this summer they said it was illegal for physical employment to take place between 1 pm and 4pm. people were fined for flouting the law.  and fuck you 'hardly any gamers in the region'. i get queues popping up every 2 mins on an evening. we have pubstomps. we have netcafes. we like to have a good time.  please dont associate us with qatar and freaking saudi. i've lived in saudi. that place is a hellhole.   edit : and lmao, india. bangalore and other southern places might be fine, but central india is a hellhole that's even worse.
t3_34dntc-t1_cqtzk8r-cqubryn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6824	lol you clearly only focused on the boobs then and not the actual stream. it was my first and probably only stream. i have no donation button and never will. and i refused to take items other than required mission items from people.  and yeah. i flashed an underboob pic for the briefest of seconds that someone was able to screen shot. and ya know what. idgaf. i have breast cancer and probably wont have one much longer anyways so enjoy while ya can.
t3_ktb4e-t1_c2n4l5f-c2nbo0t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	irrelevant past medical information and 3rd party identifiers. examples: 1) say your claim was for a broken ankle and 15 years ago you broke your ring finger and you currently are not having any issues with said finger. we would remove the broken finger permanently as it has no baring on your rehab for the broken ankle.  2) again say you had a broken ankle and required an mri and your doctor mentions that you have metal clips in your abdomen from a tubal ligation. as long as these metal clips do not keep you from having the mri we would permanently remove the info about the metal clips and the tubal. but if the metal clips meant you couldn't have an mri we would require to keep that info as it's not allowing you to partake in the suggested medical care. 3)3rd party identifiers. family medical history always states who the family member is and what their issues are. we will always permanently remove the identifiers to who the person is and only keep what their issues are. if said "his mom suffers from breast cancer and his dad passed away at the age of 50 from mi" we would change that sentence to "he has a family history of breast cancer and mi"  hope that makes a little sense. my job is one huge grey area and every file is different. what might be removed in one file might stay in another.
t3_499m0b-t3_499m0b-d0qiegu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6923	i was diagnosed with breast cancer last year. i have shown my breasts to people (nurses, doctors, technicians, friends, family, etc) so many times in the last year that i'd be pretty rich if i got a dollar every time i did it.
t3_1s7392-t3_1s7392-cdumqp5	breast_cancer	relevant	0.76	keeping you in our thoughts for positive outcomes! my mom and i had both had breast cancer and we both tested negative for the gene. hers was stage 0 grade 1, mine was stage 2 grade 2. hers was solved by minor surgery. i had radiation and extensive surgery that took lots of tissue and most of the feminine parts of the breast. point, is you can have the gene and not get cancer or not have the gene and get it. you don't need all of this additional worry with everything else you're dealing with. life gives us all hard knocks sometimes, it's how you deal with those knocks that determine your path. just because it seems hopeless, doesn't mean it is. i'm sending positive vibes your way!
t3_461i18-t3_461i18-d06fnq4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hello. it sounds like you're having a really hard time with a break up and a serious amount of grief to deal with. feel good that you're managing. be selfish, that's the best advice i recieved after the break down of my last relationship. i lost my mum to breast cancer when i was a kid and it took my family a really long time to get through it, but we did. you will, just keep on going everyday and focus on yourself and your hobbies and things will start to get better. if you ever need someone to talk to just hit up my inbox. take care my friend.
t3_1jugim-t3_1jugim-cbihq5i	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my ex girlfriend and i lived in baltimore and went through her having double breast cancer and going through treatment. it was stage 2 in the right breast and stage one in the left breast mammary ducts.  after healing from the double mastectomy and trans flap reconstruction she needed secondary plastic surgery to fix some significant scarring on her right under side of her breast that occurred during healing. once that and her newly reconstructed "nipples" were completely healed we went and saw little vinnie. it was amazing his level of detail. he was able to match the pictures and color of her original areola and nipples to a t.  we broke up though mostly due to having to move into a smaller place since she couldn't work as much. after two years of that we realized we're just not good for go on anything further in the relationship. still went with her and supported her through all her chemo. i'm happy to have her as one of my best friends still.
t3_1qr47w-t1_cdfv763-cdhkkpi	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i didn't start falling asleep that much until i was older - but the sleep paralysis and night terrors started in my teens. i also wet the bed until i was like 12. weirdly i seemed to always need less sleep than everyone else until i was in my 30s (i would stay awake longer and wake up earlier). though i have to admit, i may have been day-sleeping and not knowing for a really long time. i spoke to someone at my previous job after i was diagnosed and they said they would see me sleeping all the time when they walked through my office. didn't at all know. i had breast cancer and my sleeping really became an issue after that. my neurologist thinks the chemo may have kicked things into overdrive.  i was totally in denial even then. i kept trying to find "real" diseases that could be causing my symptoms. lol. even after i passed out face first on my back porch, broke my nose, got a concussion and put my teeth through my upper lip because my insurance didn't want to pay for my meds - i still kind of thought i didn't really have narcolepsy. &lt;sigh&gt;
t3_c7jjl-t1_c0qneqm-c0qnte7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	a close family friend of my in-laws also got stage 1 breast cancer and decided not to go ahead with normal treatment, but did something akin to this (i don't know exactly what she did, but it was some alternative medicine/therapy). i don't even think she needed chemo therapy. but she was too scared to go through with possibly surgery and chemo, that she went looking for 'hope' elsewhere. anyways, it didn't work out for her and she finally decided to go for proper treatment. the cancer spread and it's much much more serious than it had been in the start.  do not let your sister in law do this. it is pure suicide.
t3_b5pf7-t3_b5pf7-c0l3n57	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7432	i was diagnosed with breast cancer when i was 24 and was also single at the time.  i am 26 now.  my situation is a little different b/c i was able to get just a lumpectomy, but i still thought about those kinds of things a lot.  everyone is different, but i would recommend telling people up front, right away.  i might be more open about it than most, but i feel like i don't really have a choice because going through cancer and, chemo, radiation, and really thinking about death has changed my priorities from most of my mid-twenties peers.  i don't care about a lot of things that they care about and other things matter to me a lot.  to me, even when i am just making platonic friends, i don't really feel like i could be that close to them without them understanding that about me, and anyone who can't handle it, for whatever reason, isn't someone that i would want to put much energy into.  (not that i think they are bad people, it is tough stuff to handle, and i don't expect everyone to be able to.)  so, i would say tell him right away because that has been the strategy that i have found most emotionally healthy for me.  as another young woman with cancer i thought that you might feel similarly, but, of course, you may feel totally different about the whole thing.
t3_11e2nw-t3_11e2nw-c6ln1dz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have been diagnosed with metastacized breast cancer that is spreading quickly. i am one of the lucky ones - i have decent insurance. but there are so many costs associated with fighting cancer that are not covered, and i am hoping to gain some help from my favorite internet worlds :-)  every bit helps - i have totally changed my eating habits, my entire lifestyle really, to give myself the best chance of living a long life. can you help? will you? thank you!
t3_4l8phj-t3_4l8phj-d3m1no7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.811	i have anxiety, and breast cancer and diabetes run in my family, as well as congestive heart failure. so not all mental healthy, but physical as well. depression also runs in my family for the women.  my husband has ocd and anxiety.  it would be a shit show. though if you're my mil, that's still not a good enough reason not to have kids because they can learn to cope with it just like we did and it's unfair to deny them life because of it. whatever, mil.
t3_3vgalr-t3_3vgalr-cxnnqgs	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5158	if you want to help, donate not to a goliath but to your local cancer society. i have stage 4 breast cancer and can no longer work. my local cancer society gives me nutritional supplement drinks, toiletries, gas for going to and from the dr appts and to chemo, gift cards for local restaurants and a wig for when i lost my hair.  cancer is not only a devastating disease physically but it can destroy financially as well. just meeting basic needs for some people is a task so give  help where it really matters to those who take stress off the patient.
t3_48e2tg-t3_48e2tg-d0iwxx1	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5987	i don't know about the other adults here who were raised this way, but for me this was one of the harder things to just get over- the guilt over not feeling as bad as i thought i should when told these types of things about my nmom and ngmom. i felt like such a horrible person for not thinking the world was ending over their every little boo-boo and hurt. yet....just as often things that were just so awful that had happened to them were withheld from me and family until it could used for the most dramatic effect. if you'll let me ramble an example: one time my mother had a breast cancer reoccurrence scare about 8 years after her initial treatment and remission. she told no one until mid family discussion about some college expense of mine with my grandparents (who paid for college) and then decided to tell us all because we were all awful evil uncaring people who didn't even care she almost died from cancer.   so it took until about my mid 20s to realize this wasn't love and care and these bitches be crazy. what i learned is this- you have to love and care for yourself and for those who truly care for and about you over anyone else. the people who can't love themselves don't get equal treatment, and you do not have to feel bad for not feeling bad. they will not be able to care and love you without prejudice. your lack of feeling is just the natural response to the treatment your heart receives.
t3_2e3x7h-t3_2e3x7h-cjw6uzq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had this happen to me just this last week (i'm male btw). my mom had headaches and was vomiting (she has had cervical and breast cancer which lead to bone cancer) this was concerning so my sister took her to the er.  my sister needed to get some sleep for work the next day so i stayed with my mom for 3 hours until the doctor came in and examined my mom (4:00am at this point). the doctor ordered a ct scan on the head, around 5:30am and had the doctor tell my mom and i that there was something showing in the ct scan.  i immediately thought it was brain cancer, but it wasn't official until the radiologist came in and did a more thorough ct scan + dye.  i was outside my mom's room sitting and contemplating breaking the news to the family, managing to hold it together and not cry at this point.  it wasn't until the nurse ask me how i was doing that i just completely broke down.  we eventually found out it was in fact brain cancer. my mom just saw the neurosurgeon today and within an hour was in the or to get the big tumor removed.  i'm hoping this will reduce my mom's symptoms and pain.
t3_rkg71-t1_c46jny4-c46kh0o	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7781	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1998.  i can tell you right now that everything said here is great advice (and i had no idea about the cold cap, my mom went through with the shaved head look for a time and used wigs.)    above all, the stay positive is maybe the biggest.  it is an incredibly stressful experience, but your outlook on the situation will directly affect your ability to fight back.  you are stronger than cancer, you just need to realize it.  medicinal marijuana can greatly help with the side effects of chemotherapy, such as nausea and loss of appetite; my mother used it when she first went through treatment around the time i was 10, and it made a world of difference, but you must be comfortable and ideally located in an area where it is medicinally available.  i wish you the best.  do not mistake your fear of the unknown for weakness.   you can and will defeat this adversary.
t3_3kghsp-t3_3kghsp-cuxtsd9	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5951	i had breast cancer and a double mastectomy.  my new boobs are made out of skin and fat from my stomach.  i'm covered in scars that i'm proud of because fuck cancer.  i proudly wore a bikini this summer.
t3_37no8a-t1_crojkf3-cropxtn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you poor thing. i know how you feel.  and while tests may ease your mind, i've had two breast exams in fear that i have breast cancer, and i still worry i have it. as well as i may have a brain tumor. i may have cancer throughout my body and i cannot see it. i had these thoughts before the dpdr though.
t3_9beyj-t1_c0c4ewx-c0c4gak	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6033	well, in that i knew almost nothing about it before i got into this particular specialty.  i know 100% more about it than i ever would have imagined.  no, i've learned that both healthy patients and those who have smoked their whole lives, always eaten badly, etc. are equally susceptible.  you can do things to reduce your risk: eat healthy, exercise, don't smoke, and get monitored regularly if you have family history, but there are no guarantees.  i've seen old people who have smoked for forty five years beat lung cancer after one round of treatment, and i've seen a 23 year old patient have lung cancer metastasize throughout her body in a matter of months, eventually ending in her death.  heartbreaking, and there was no symptoms for her, she was otherwise healthy.  i've also seen that once you have cancer, it's very common for it to recur.  i have a patient who had breast cancer, went through treatment, and was in remission for years.  she had a double mastectomy and her ovaries removed as a precaution, and she recurred with ovarian cancer.  (even though her organs were gone, the cells remaining in her body were infected.)  patients usually come in for lumps they have found on their body, (breast, neck, groin area, etc.).  they come to their primaries usually, thinking cysts or the like, and if ultrasound or ct scan sees anything, they get sent to us where they usually have labs and biopsies to confirm the diagnosis.  then radiation/chemotherapy are discussed, depending on pt's health, age, etc.  not too many extreme cases, besides the very young girl we had, and patients where the cancer has metastazised absouletly everywhere, which is pretty much a terminal diagnosis in a lot of cases.  we have had a patient where she had sores on the outside of her breasts, her cancer was so far advanced.  your welcome, glad people are interested.
t3_3y41fm-t3_3y41fm-cyal3s1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer (breast, spine, and kidney) and lived for **four more years** before finally passing away six months ago. the breast cancer first appeared back when i was in fourth grade, around thirty years ago, and she had a double mastectomy at the time, but it eventually did reappear and this time it wasn't caught as early. my mom was tired and not prepared to fight when she first got the stage 4 diagnosis, but ultimately she told us repeatedly that she was glad to have another few years of life to spend with us. the chemo back in the 80's was pretty terrible, but the biologics she was given this time around had fairly mild side effects in comparison.   ultimately, no one can make this decision except for her. i do recommend you check your local laws regarding euthanasia. more than anything, i wish my mom had been able to move to oregon, or that california had passed right to die laws more quickly. i'm still pissed about the needless suffering she went through on her last day of life.
t3_2635ns-t3_2635ns-chnb6mg	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6745	i got this one today:  good day, i know that this letter will be a big surprise to you owing that you do not know my personality; i give you my trust and hope you will give me your as well. i sincerely believe that you will be honest to fulfill my final wish before my time here on earth is over. i am mrs. deborah lahoury from ivory coast,age 59 years.i was diagnosed of breast cancer long time ago. from all indication my condition is really deteriorating, and my doctors have courageously advised me that i may not live beyond few weeks,this is because the cancer stage has reached a critical stage. chemotherapy defiled it tendency.natural herbs didn't do anything either.i was hoping they'll be a cure until now. more about me;i was married to my late husband for twenty years and we have only one child, his name is williams. my husband and i are true believers,but quite unfortunate,he died during the presidential election in our country. coming from an orphanage home, i have no families to go back to. considering my faith in religion and my health condition, i decided not to re-marry. the is a deposit sum of $5.2million dollars made by my late husband before his death here in cote d'ivoire (ivory coast), the money is still there in the bank.  please, my request is for you to use this money to take care of my only son whom have i cared for and protected from the cruelty of his late father's relatives. you can go further to invest the money into a very good business investment  of your choice that will be giving out proceeds which will be distributed each year among charity organizations,the poor, orphanage homes and widows around and beyond your locality. i must let you know that this was a very hard decision to make, but i had to take a bold step considering the safe-keeping of my son and also touching the lives of others through any means of your desired ventures. in great anticipation, i wish you'll grant my request as a dying widow. yours sincerely mrs. deborah lahoury
t3_2hh7ao-t1_ckthik2-ckthqp2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, i never get that. i rarely hear anyone bitch about people working to cure leukemia because they're not working to cure all cancers or all diseases.  although, i have heard people bitch about breast cancer awareness not also focusing on prostate cancer . . . so maybe it's just something about issues related to women getting more attention?
t3_2q29lm-t1_cn2mmob-cn30z3a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a breast cancer scare a few yeaars ago and my doc recomended me to a specialist which i saw within 2 weeks and got a call one week later after seeing the specialist telling me about the test results (no i did not have cancer). so total: 3 weeks from begining to end and no medical bill.
t3_495pk7-t1_d0p93on-d0phnxh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	radiation oncologist here. mastectomy has no survival advantage over preserving your breast.   in fact recent studies show there may be *worse* survival with mastectomy in some cases. the reason is that with mastectomy you often won't get radiation treatment while you will with lumpectomy. radiation treats microscopically involved lymph nodes as good or *better/more thoroughly* than surgery.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jnyhg	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom is a survivor of breast cancer (i was 6-10 when she had it).  the key thing, i think, is to stay positive and optimistic.  try living i. the moment; don't anticipate anything just try to experience life as it comes.  you can't predict anything with cancer, so being positive makes like that much more enjoyable for you, and gives you more energy.  cemo takes a lot out of your body, and the last thing you need is negative energy that actually (in most cases) makes you more tired.  use happiness and optimism to feed off of.  i think it will make life a lot more enjoyable, and manageable.  also, as far as your children.  i didn't really understand the severity of my mom's condition until i was older, but it was hard to see my mom not "normal." she slept on the couch a ton and there was something different about her.  it was really hard.  so my advice is that if you do need to sleep, sleep in your bed rather than the couch.  that way your children won't be scared because you're too tired not to sleep in your bed and be "normal." it doesn't seem as bad on a fundamental level.  you will pull through, i know it.  good luck, and i send my prayer (even though i'm not religious) :)
t3_1idrzr-t3_1idrzr-cb3uzju	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my partner of five years, one of the most beautiful, courageous and talented women i have ever met, died of breast cancer last month at the age of 52. way too soon to die, and not a way to die that i would recommend for anyone, even my worst enemy. she fought it for two and a half years, but when you are initially diagnosed at stage 4 and it has already spread to organs and bones, it's pretty much a death sentence. seven months of chemo aged her about 30 years, and the cancer eventually caused her skin to break down. mercifully she died of kidney failure (very painless) rather than any further damage from the cancer.  yes, i'm grieving and not taking it too well. not sure if i even want to stick around without having her in my life.
t3_3sez3i-t1_cwwll8f-cwwqj2v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	good question.  the gap is huge.  it involves many millions of dollars, several phd students and postdoctoral fellows, and large-scale clinical trials with multiple investigators and institutions before fda approval.  the sad part is that this material isn't even in lab rats in this report.  this is all *in vitro* (petri dish-level) work.  mice/rats would be the next step, most likely.  furthermore, the authors did a poor job of describing future work.  they say:  &gt;this report thus places it as a promising therapeutic agent which should be further followed up for breast cancer treatment.  ...which is generic and fairly useless as a discussion point.
t3_44lvjt-t1_czrgsj9-czri8q6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5036	yay! that you're doing so well! pre-menopausal breast cancer tends to be aggressive and affects women so differently than post-menopausal bc generally does. which is not something i knew prior to my diagnosis. sucks that you got it so young! keep in touch if you want another supporter enter in your corner! 👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
t3_2m4oql-t3_2m4oql-cm0xhr1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**confession bear**  &gt; - i'm glad breast cancer awareness month is over  &gt; - i honestly was tired of being reminded everywhere i go of the fact that i have breast cancer every time i went shopping.  *^^use ^^chrome? ^^try [***^^captionbot ^^antenna***](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/captionbot-antenna/ipnkbfghfedbaoojfdbenicffddmobml)*
t3_3w4kp8-t3_3w4kp8-cxu103h	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i realized my grandmother on my mom's side was a pretty horrible person and would most likely be better dead. any time someone talked about an illness she would have to make ones she previously had sound worse. you would say "oh my dad is developing alzheimer's" and she would respond "oh well i had breast cancer and brain surgery." cause she couldn't have certain dietary things like sugar and alcohol she would always complain when other people had it around her even if it was their house. she always had to get into other people's conversations and would get upset if you wouldn't let her. "what are you whispering about?" "nothing" "well screw you then" and she would storm off.
t3_18g1f3-t3_18g1f3-c8elcsq	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i just passed my three year mark since my lumpectomy and subsequent radiation. i also caught my cancer early and didn't require chemo. my best advice is to just treat her as you normally would, not as a cancer patient!, but just as your mom.   the first few weeks of not knowing what's happening are the worst. offer to go with her to appointments because they throw a lot of information at you at a time when you're already reeling, so having an extra set of ears can help to understand and remember things. take notes and ask questions! make sure she is comfortable with everything they are telling her and make sure she asks until she understands. i had the advantage of being a research biologist who worked on hormone dependent cancers, so i have a strong background in the basic physiology and understand the medicine, but the doctors (and especially the nurses and pas!) should be able to explain things to you in a way you can understand.  try to avoid dr. google, and if you must, stick to cancer.org, mayo clinic and any .gov sites. sites. all else is suspect and will only freak you out!  my surgery was quick and i recovered easily and was back to everything normal within a few days. radiation treatments themselves are easy, but over time they wear you out. you body is having cells destroyed every day and it takes a lot of energy for it to constantly be making repairs, so expect her to be tired for up to six months after completing treatment. i took my ipod with me and listened to audiobooks during the treatments (it only takes about 10-20 minutes/day, unless they have a new tech who has trouble getting you aligned :p ). after the first few weeks radiation can cause a severe sunburn-like reaction to the skin, but i mostly avoided that by using alra lotion (available in some hospital pharmacies or at alra.com)after every treatment and aquaphor ointment (from the drugstore) every night, and cornstarch 2-3 times a day to prevent rubbing in any creases. my consolation prize is that i no longer have to shave my right armpit!  she'll probably be put on tamoxifen (if she is pre-menopausal) for five years after radiation. it can cause hot flashes and irregular menstruation in some women, but it's generally well tolerated. i haven't had too many problems with it so far.   my basic advice to anyone going through this themselves, or in support of a loved one, is not to think about the future,  but concentrate on what you can control that is right in front of you. do what you can do, and try not to stress about the things you can't do anything about. if you have specific questions or want someone to talk to, feel free to pm me. good luck to you and your family!
t3_1hq9c4-t3_1hq9c4-cawvhb4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here's what i tell myself whenever i have to go and get checked for something....if i have it, it's already there, and the only thing i can do to give myself a good chance is to find out.   there is nothing to be gained by delaying a check up, unless you are one of those people who is fine to sweep a problem under the carpet that there could be a problem - but from your post i don't think you are that way.  fwiw i have heard that breast cancer is usually painless, so it doesn't sound like it is a particular issue, and you haven't found any lumps, so there is nothing specific to be concerned with - but get it checked for your own piece of mind.
t3_2lzc8k-t3_2lzc8k-cqlcao2	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm so tired of all the pink. i don't even like pink! i mean, it's very thoughtful of the people who gave me the pink breast cancer things, but honestly? i don't need to be reminded that i had breast cancer. i had a bilateral mastectomy without reconstruction. i have constant lymphedema in my hand and forearm (which in my opinion is the worst thing about this whole cancer thing). i'm reminded every day. a pink t-shirt isn't going to do much and i see it as a way to make money, honestly.
t3_3m2hru-t3_3m2hru-cvbx7uq	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer carcinoma spots on l1 vertebrae now spot on lungs but no biopsy she is afraid lung will collapse and nodules on thyroid. had surgery to remove it. when they called her thier rockstar patient (her words) i thought they meant she is doing great with positiveness. sadly this whole disease has given her a place to be worshipped and doted on. it gets more strange when she goes in for a treatment i decided after 2 years i would take her since i moved closer to her in the same state. holy shit i understood why they were antagonizing her or being satire?! my mom would come in thier "hi julie my weekend was fabulous can you find us a outback or nice restaurant near us? "  i can't even describe it but they knew what to call her. it's like she enjoyed being sick she was so narcacisst she didn't even know with this sickness does come more attention but you can die aswell.  my point and how this all connects to you. i know what it's like because she will have treatment every 2 weeks hormone blocker and herceptin every 3 weeks indefinitely they don't plan on stopping it. she could die and i've had to be okay with us. you have great advice here someone wrote she is reaping the fruit she planted.  think about it if you had a beautiful little baby then child then teen then young adult that you loved before you even met them and they told you what you told your mom you would have answered the question "your insurance runs out and in so so months of you insist on paying it yourself i'm so sorry that i made you feel so bad- i love you i'm so sorry i have run you off but if leaving you alone will bring you back i will gladly doit please leave me with a list of things i can stop doing to hurt you sense i don't have the common sense to treat you right please just point me to a page where i can educated myself on to not hurting you again"  i would say that to my two year old and newborn as adults they are everything to me she should value your relationship where she want to know what she can do better.
t3_3gpyky-t1_cu0g2go-cu0gchw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6702	nice!   my mom will try to bash on me and weed the best she can. she'll send me pics of propaganda of what bad things weed do to you. she had breast cancer last year and as much as i recommened it she'd rather suffer through 7 months of cemo and radiation. but she couldve just said yeah, pass that bowl, but that was her disicion.
t3_1m2xyj-t3_1m2xyj-cc5cdx8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.747	i really feel for you because i have gone through a simmilar ordeal and i am the same age.  i am 16 now, but when i was 8 my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 (the highest stage) breast cancer right after finalizing a pretty nasty divorce with my dad.  i didnt know how serious it was then, but apparently she was very lucky to live over a year.  well, 7 years later and she was still alive, but was having a lot more health problems and in general getting sicker.  i only have 1 older brother but he was out of state in college and our dad was not in our lives.  so it was just me going to school, trying to keep up a social life, and taking care of my mom.  it was too much, and i broke down.  as i was finally asking for help and seeing professionals to finally get the help i needed, my mom was getting worse and it was getting harder to live with her but i had no other options.  still i had a non-existant relationship with my dad since the divorce and i was terrified of going to him if my mom died.  well, shortly before my 16th birthday, she did die.  but surprisingly, my dad really stepped up to the plate and has been great to me.  in the last few months since she passed, i have made huge leaps in progress with my dad's help.  it's difficult, but its working and i am getting results.  i guess my advice would be to not be afraid to ask for help and actually follow through with it.  sometimes you need to take the initiative of looking into therapist and other care services in your area but it will be worth it.  and to also be careful of ruling out options.  depression clouds our brains and can sometimes make us make stupid desicions.  for example, if you tried opening up to your mom or siblings, it might actually work out as well.  but most of all believe that even if you are going through a bad situation, you are still a good person that is a worthwhile addition to the world.  please hang in there, i really care about you and so do many other people.  it is possible, there is light at the end of the tunnel.
t3_d0qio-t1_c0woh34-c0wolw6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8025	you don't sign up for medicaid on the spot anywhere.  you do need to make an appointment or just go to the office and wait. you'll see a counselor who will explain the process. then you fill out a bunch of forms and have to provide your lease info, work history supported by paystubs, all your bills, debt and financial obligations like child support. yes, i know he's not employed and may not have a permanent place to live. i didn't say this was a logical process, only the one in place.  this will take at least three trips for you to provide all the information because they will keep adding stuff you need with each visit. then once you've provided everything, make sure you keep copies because they will lose at least one required document.  then wait. in my case it was 5 weeks. and intervention from my state of florida representative whose campaign i worked on and my social security disability was approved by the ssa so medicaid coverage is automatic.  this was 13 years ago when i was first diagnosed with terminal cancer and advised to call in hospice. i had a rare breast cancer that had spread. i was made to feel like i was a lazy piece of crap, and as a white women was definitely put in my place at least twice by minority workers, one of whom told me to "sit my white ass down". if you aren't black or hispanic, you will definitely have issues.  your friend should go to the emergency room of the local public hospital if he is having problems breathing, but expect to wait if after triage he's not in danger of imminent death. before leaving, he should ask for the hospital business office. when there, ask for their financial aid form.  non-profit hospitals get tremendous tax breaks (like no taxes) in exchange for providing indigent care. your friend is indigent. he just needs to fill out the forms and apply.  in the mean time, i have no idea where he's living, but if he's homeless, he should contact the local post office and find out which one is the general delivery office. then he can get mail addressed to him at that post office for no charge and still have an address. having no permanent address is a major barrier to receiving government aid. a general delivery address is acceptable and the postmaster will hold any mail for a minimum of 30 days.  hope this helps. i advocate for some homeless in my area and have learned some ins and out.
t3_2exoti-t3_2exoti-ck3wvtg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	to all of my friends asking me to support "breast cancer awareness month":  i know that you are very caring and loving people, and your efforts come from the heart. however, since you have been contacting me about this charity so much, i have to publicly respond:  breast cancer awareness month (bcam) was started as a smoke screen by the companies that produce the chemicals that cause breast cancer to steer the conversation and deflect attention away from the causes of breast cancer.  the primary corporate founding sponsor is a company who produces the most of a toxic chemical that is believed to be most closely associated with causing breast cancer, and it also makes the primary chemotherapy drug for treating breast cancer. this drug is heavily pushed by these "cancer" societies as their primary weapon in "fighting" breast cancer.  while effective in treating the breast cancer, it is not really helping women because women who take this drug have shorter life expectancies than those in control groups because this drug causes other cancers particularly in the liver, for which there is no cure!  both bcam and the national cancer society are not charities but "cancer industry lobbying groups" whose job it is to hide cancer causing corporations and promote those same corporations cancer "cures"'. despite the pleas of researchers and scientists these organizations adamantly refuse to fight the known causes of breast cancer and spend most of their money on self promotion and awarding research grants to its own toxin producing corporate sponsors.  this is a shame, because they have become the "de facto" face of cancer in america. they are the ones called before congress to shape cancer legislation and help hide those corporations who are causing cancer in america.  while i support women in their fight against cancer, that support makes it impossible for me to support these organizations.
t3_1oixlr-t1_ccsgaxs-ccskhat	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	breast cancer certainly gets the most attention and it always kinda bugged me because there are so many different kinds of cancers, like ovarian that is far more harmful and harder to treat. but as a volunteer with the american cancer society, i have learned that breast cancer is the #1 killer of women and because of that, acs tries to get the word out about all the different treatments. however, acs does its part in advocating for every type of cancer. they provide information on every and any cancer. you can visit cancer.org or call 1(800)227-2344 for any questions you might have. also, they have annual events in most cities called relay for life that are made to provide awareness. every cancer has its color, but relay uses the color lavender to represent cancer in general.  in regards to your second question, each cancer is different both in symptoms and treatment possibilities. cancer is a general term for more than 100 diseases caused by abnormal cell growth. some treatments have resulted successful, but acs is still working on finding a general cure. or at least finding out why cancer occurs. they are working on programs like cps-3 which is a cancer study made for people who have never had cancer to try and determine why we get cancer.
t3_1ebph1-t3_1ebph1-c9ynncl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have known several people who have chosen this surgery after going over their options and chances of having cancer. i have seen family members spend their twenties being treated for cancer and die a painful death before they turn thirty. if i discovered that i had a 90 percent chance of having breast cancer, i absolutely would have the surgery. i wouldn't have a probably with having breast implants instead of "real" breasts, so i wouldn't be a difficult decision for me.
t3_en9cu-t3_en9cu-c19e81m	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in the course of the symmetry trial, bahcall's dining-room-table talks grew more reflective. he drew kaplan-meiers on the back of napkins. he talked about the twists and turns that other biotech companies had encountered on the road to the marketplace. he told wry stories about lan bo chen, the jewish mother and jewish father rolled into one—and, over and over, he brought up the name of judah folkman. folkman died in 2008, and he was a legend. he was the father of angiogenesis—a wholly new way of attacking cancer tumors. avastin, the drug that everyone cheered at asco seven years ago, was the result of folkman's work.  folkman's great breakthrough had come while he was working with mouse melanoma cells at the national naval medical center: when the tumors couldn't set up a network of blood vessels to feed themselves, they would stop growing. folkman realized that the body must have its own system for promoting and halting blood-vessel formation, and that if he could find a substance that prevented vessels from being formed he would have a potentially powerful cancer drug. one of the researchers in folkman's laboratory, michael o'reilly, found what seemed to be a potent inhibitor: angiostatin. o'reilly then assembled a group of mice with an aggressive lung cancer, and treated half with a saline solution and half with angiostatin. in the book "dr. folkman's war" (2001), robert cooke describes the climactic moment when the results of the experiment came in:  with a horde of excited researchers jam-packed into a small laboratory room, folkman euthanized all fifteen mice, then began handing them one by one to o'reilly to dissect. o'reilly took the first mouse, made an incision in its chest, and removed the lung. the organ was overwhelmed by cancer. folkman checked a notebook to see which group the mouse had been in. it was one of those that had gotten only saline. o'reilly cut into the next mouse and removed its lung. it was perfect. what treatment had it gotten? the notebook revealed it was angiostatin.  it wasn't folkman's triumph that bahcall kept coming back to, however. it was his struggle. folkman's great insight at the naval medical center occurred in 1960. o'reilly's breakthrough experiment occurred in 1994. in the intervening years, folkman's work was dismissed and attacked, and confronted with every obstacle.  at times, bahcall tried to convince himself that elesclomol's path might be different. synta had those exciting phase 2 results, and the endorsement of the glaxo deal. "for the results not to be real, you'd have to believe that it was just a statistical fluke that the patients who got drugs are getting better," bahcall said, in one of those dining-room-table moments. "you'd have to believe that the fact that there were more responses in the treatment group was also a statistical fluke, along with the fact that we've seen these signs of activity in phase 1, and the fact that the underlying biology strongly says that we have an extremely active anti-cancer agent."  but then he would remember folkman. angiostatin and a companion agent also identified by folkman's laboratory, endostatin, were licensed by a biotech company called entremed. and entremed never made a dime off either drug. the two drugs failed to show any clinical effects in both phase 1 and phase 2. avastin was a completely different anti-angiogenesis agent, discovered and developed by another team entirely, and brought to market a decade after o'reilly's experiment. what's more, avastin's colorectal-cancer trial—the one that received a standing ovation at asco—was the drug's second go-around. a previous phase 3 trial, for breast cancer, had been a crushing failure. even folkman's beautifully elaborated theory about angiogenesis may not fully explain the way avastin works. in addition to cutting off the flow of blood vessels to the tumor, avastin seems also to work by repairing some of the blood vessels feeding the tumor, so that the drugs administered in combination with avastin can get to the tumor more efficiently.  bahcall followed the fortunes of other biotech companies the way a teen-age boy follows baseball statistics, and he knew that nothing ever went smoothly. he could list, one by one, all the breakthrough drugs that had failed their first phase 3 or had failed multiple phase 2s, or that turned out not to work the way they were supposed to work. in the world of serendipity and of trial and error, failure was a condition of discovery, because, when something was new and worked in ways that no one quite understood, every bit of knowledge had to be learned, one experiment at a time. you ended up with vamp, which worked, but only after you compared daily 6-mp and daily methotrexate with daily 6-mp and methotrexate every four days, and so on, through a great many iterations, none of which worked very well at all. you had results that looked "boinking good," but only after a trial with a hundred compromises.  chen had the same combination of realism and idealism that bahcall did. he was the in-house skeptic at synta. he was the one who worried the most about the hand shaking of the drugs in the symmetry trial. he had never been comfortable with the big push behind melanoma. "everyone at dana- farber"—the cancer hospital at harvard—"told me, 'don't touch melanoma,' " chen said. " 'it is so hard. maybe you save it as the last, after you have already treated and tried everything else.' " the scientists at synta were getting better and better at understanding just what it was that elesclomol did when it confronted a cancer cell. but he knew that there was always a gap between what could be learned in the laboratory and what happened in the clinic. "we just don't know what happens in vivo," he said. "that's why drug development is still so hard and so expensive, because the human body is such a black box. we are totally shooting in the dark." he shrugged. "you have to have good science, sure. but once you shoot the drug in humans you go home and pray."  on december 7, 2009, synta released the following statement:  synta pharmaceuticals corp. (nasdaq: snta), a biopharmaceutical company focused on discovering, developing, and commercializing small molecule drugs to treat severe medical conditions, today announced the results of a study evaluating the activity of elesclomol against acute myeloid leukemia (aml) cell lines and primary leukemic blast cells from aml patients, presented at the annual meeting of the american society of hematology (ash) in new orleans. . . ."the experiments conducted at the university of toronto showed elesclomol was highly active against aml cell lines and primary blast cells from aml patients at concentrations substantially lower than those already achieved in cancer patients in clinical trials," said vojo vukovic, m.d., ph.d., senior vice president and chief medical officer, synta. "of particular interest were the ex vivo studies of primary aml blast cells from patients recently treated at toronto, where all 10 samples of leukemic cells responded to exposure to elesclomol. these results provide a strong rationale for further exploring the potential of elesclomol in aml, a disease with high medical need and limited options for patients."  "i will bet anything i have, with anybody, that this will be a drug one day," chen said. it was january. the early aml results had just come in. glaxo was a memory. "now, maybe we are crazy, we are romantic. but this kind of characteristic you have to have if you want to be a drug hunter. you have to be optimistic, you have to have supreme confidence, because the odds are so incredibly against you. i am a scientist. i just hope that i would be so romantic that i become deluded enough to keep hoping."
t3_1x25ln-t1_cf80b7c-cf855wb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fair enough. it's not really a big deal either way. better to at least have people talking about mental illness and thinking about it as something that is culturally and historically contingent (which is what foucault wanted).   that said, it still kind of rubs me the wrong way, whether referring to the disorder itself or to those who suffer from it. a lot of people who claim to be interested in schizophrenia but have never suffered from it themselves will talk about it in this weird sort of fetishizing/excotizing tone, so when people (who are not professional psychologists) say how they find it oh so fascinating with this tone of academic detachment but no real experience with the suffering and pain it can cause, it tends to raise my hackles. some of that is probably just my own baggage so the op can just continue to talk about the illness however she wants and ignore my feedback, but i just thought that it wouldn't hurt to mention from an alternative perspective how that kind of comment can come across, especially since op seems interested in talking to schizophrenics. or, in her words, "figuring them out"/figuring out their delusions, which again, reeks to me of someone who views the mentally ill more as some kind of entertaining puzzle than as real people.    think of something like cancer, or any other serious illness that typically involves the body rather than the mind. apart from cancer researchers and oncologists (those whose actual job is to understand and treat the disease), is the average person going to go, "oh, breast cancer? what a painful and difficult illness. but how fascinating! " but mental illness (equally painful and difficult), is super fascinating, because crazy people and their crazy ideas.
t3_2xc947-t3_2xc947-coz26cl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.756	this really hit close to home with me because my mom died from breast cancer 4 years ago. i don't really cry a lot but you made those feelings come back up. i want to start off by saying you're gonna look fucking g with that tie bro. anyways, i wanted to thank you for actually making something motivating and helping me work even more. i'm going through so much right now and i'm trying my best to go through it. i'm graduating and making missing credits up for my high school. that means night school and online classes and more... i try to live to those goals/points you put up but you made me even more determined. thank you very much man for pushing me harder. enjoy your final days and have an amazing day. i'm gonna quit drinking soda but i'm gonna pour a glass of water and raise my glass for you bro. thank you for everything and believe me you helped a lot of people with this. take care and see you on the other side bro.
t3_2ck6v2-t3_2ck6v2-cjgc326	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	being annoyed that your mom will want to come seems like a pretty minor issue compared to your symptoms.  if it's a choice between being annoyed at your mom and not seeing a doctor, deal with some annoyance. she can sit in the waiting room while you see the doctor. i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 16.  i don't want to scare you, but don't assume it must be nothing serious because of your age. go to the doctor.
t3_2uiaqp-t1_co8znqv-co9039s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	man, that is terrifying. i've never really had bad dreams that often, but a few years ago i had a dream that i had terminal breast cancer and i had to tell my whole family... i woke up sobbing that day.
t3_446teb-t1_cznyzjs-cznzl9n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8005	i couldn't agree more. just looking at the advances we've made, going from halsted's radical mastectomy to things such as a lumpectomy and targeted drugs such as herceptin and tamoxifen, great strides are being made. while it won't be an overnight eureka moment, i think new technology like crispr cas9 is really going to advance the understanding and treatments.
t3_1l64nd-t3_1l64nd-cbwaruz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am going to give you a little hope, hopefully!   i have a friend that was diagnosed with breast cancer.  she had a double mastectomy.  the whole process took a year to get through.  she began having pains in her stomach.  she had ultrasounds, mri, a biopsy, and finally a pet scan to confirm she has stage 4 liver cancer.  she is 39.  she just finished her first round of chemo, which took months.  she had another pet scan and is "basically" in remission.  dr. said she still has cancer will always have cancer.  has to see her oncologist once a month, take chemo pills, and have a pet scan every so often for the rest of her life.    little miracles, as some call them, do happen.  keep your chin up, stay strong, and kick cancers ass.  o and go skydiving!  it was on her bucket list...she made me go.  most fun i have ever had in my life!!!!
t3_2sc11d-t3_2sc11d-cno2sl6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's fun, i'm indian, i speak gujarati. i live in london in an area where there are many asians, so i've never really felt prejudice due to being indian. i've experienced it, but i haven't felt it. i went to school with a lot of black and asian kids and a few white kids. we got on famously to be honest. there was no divide due to race.   i have a big extended family, and we always make lots of food, too much, then we try and give it away, lol! we make amazing curry dishes, none of the restaurant stuff, the home made stuff is amazing. then we make english dishes (shepherds pie) with lots of chilli powder.   my dad is one of those dad's who is always trying to find ways of saving money. all of the time.  one of my favourite things about being an asian, i've seen this aspect in a lot of asian communities, is how family is focused on. you will know who your second cousins are, and you will also attend their wedding.  as much as it can be over bearing at times, it's a community.   my cousin got diagnosed with breast cancer and the support was unbelievable.    i think i went off topic.
t3_2e19y4-t1_cjv34ca-cjv8dbe	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7494	there are a few blue dyes used medically - probably methylene blue or something similar.   i had a friend who had breast cancer surgery involving a node removal that was mapped out with both dye and with a radio isotope - she had a blue breast for at least a month or more afterwards.   she also had blue pee for a while. i forget how long.
t3_wizkr-t3_wizkr-c5dwmt3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.802	i forsee a lot of whipped cream in your future!   i had a friend that was going through breast cancer and she said that her doctors had her on a low-carb diet, so annecdotally i know that people do it, but you should still talk to your doctors about it and try to get them on board with you.
t3_2fi823-t1_ck9iyn9-ckb7plg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yep, i just told my gp i didn't want a mammogram until 50 and she about flipped.  she said she did not agree with the findings.  she wanted me to get one at 35 as a baseline.  i have no breast cancer in my family, do (almost) monthly checks, am not overweight and i have decided to limit the number of xrays i get going forward.  she said xrays are not an issue, but my thyroid (and endocrinologist) begs to differ with her.
t3_1cxc1d-t3_1cxc1d-c9ky1it	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6892	thought you had sex by just sticking your penis in a vagina and just leaving it in their still, not moving it.  thought i had breast cancer because i had knots under my nipples.  i didn't learn that was part of puberty until long after they were gone.
t3_xdndh-t3_xdndh-c5svcqx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was like 11 or 12 i had just started to grow boobs so i was riding my bike and i hit my boob against the handle bar and realized it hurt so i felt my boob and noticed there was a little lump in it so i thought i had breast cancer and started crying. then i told my mom i had breast cancer and i need to go to the doctor then she had an awkward conversation with me about puberty.
t3_2rg1dd-t1_cnfjgn5-cnftw8o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	also this generation of birth control does not cause cancer.   even though i have the lowest risk of breast cancer possible for women i asked my doctor because i was curious. he said some of the early ones raised cancer risk but there's so much difference between the ones now and the ones then that its not an issue anymore.
t3_1rds8g-t1_cdma6bb-cdmacap	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no they are not useful. they are only useful once they've been studied. it's one of the first things mentioned in pharmacology lectures. the list of side effects that you see when you read a pamphlet weren't just taken from a survey. they were rigorously evaluated. it's like saying "i had breast cancer and was cured, you'll be fine". life doesn't work like that.
t3_1y26fn-t3_1y26fn-cfgut9r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	43 here, dink.  my husband and i have had a wonderful life.  we both started out in service industry jobs, him in the kitchen, me in the bar. we were both able to go to college and grad school and start meaningful careers without the guilt of splitting time between raising the kids and career.    i see the attraction, but i believe at least one parent should be at home in the formative years and neither of us wanted to do that.  plus, i have brca genes and went through breast cancer when i was 32 along with my mother and aunt.    we are comfortable financially, but that wasn't really the point. we never wanted kids and didn't feel obligated by family or societal expectations.  besides, we have plenty of nieces and nephews to spoil then give back at the end of the night.
t3_1j2jlh-t1_cbainqv-cbaixus	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	nah i don't want to go on bc personally because i'm lso in tune with my body's natural cycle. im super regular...just this once it came a bit early. i know down to every last date when ive ovulated, and when my period was coming for the past 3 years now. plus the synthetic hormones wouldn't be smart for me medically since i have a high risk of breast cancer on both sides of the family. but more power to the gals who can get on bc. or who do.
t3_32fyff-t3_32fyff-cqatdjk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;when i'm looking at lots of studies...  &gt;man hits woman = public outcry, protected by witnesses, jailtime, etc woman hits man = good work girl! dont let a man push you around, guys + girls laughing etc  studies show there is more domestic violence against women, and they are more likely to be injured. what study did you see suggesting the opposite?  &gt;man rapes woman = public outcry, long time in jail, countless treatment centers/opportunities woman rapes man = most likely a lot less jailtime, little attention, "lucky man!!@"  the vast majority of rapes are against women (and the vast majority of rapes against men are by men). again, women are more likely to be severely injured. 16% of all women are a victim of rape or attempted rape, but roughly 0% of men are. 17% of women that are raped become pregnant, but 0% of men are.  what study have you seen that suggests otherwise?  while male on male rape is a growing concern (not that it happens more often than before, but there is greater awareness), how is it an issue of sexism?  edit:  &gt;white ribbon day, international women day, breast cancer day, womens health day = ive never heard of anything for men  first, none of those are federal holidays. second, i've never heard of any of those (though i have heard of breast cancer awareness month). third, it seems white ribbon day is led by men, who agree to beat up women less often than usual. and fourth, martin luther king day, veterans day, labor day, memorial day, columbus day and presidents day are all for or about men.
t3_bnfgs-t3_bnfgs-c0nmnyr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well....i guess if i had to give a dollar to breast cancer research every time i looked at boobs on the web we would have a cure.  its a good idea.  pick your charity and call them.  actually scratch that.  pick three charities and give people a choice.
t3_k4cr6-t3_k4cr6-c2hetux	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	resist your urge to cover her up. instead, try and delicately let your daughter know that over-exposed cleavage gives off the wrong impression. take her shopping, pick up some cute tops she isn't falling out of and some properly fitting bras, and you'll both feel better. its hard enough to be 13, let alone with large breasts and shirts that attract unwanted attention.    as for breast cancer, it has nothing to do with breast size. she would only be considered at risk if her grandmother had breast cancer before she was 50. my grandmother, great grandmother, and great aunt all had breast cancer, but because it developed when they were 60+ it is more related to age than genetics. doesn't stop me from worrying, though.
t3_1wy13z-t3_1wy13z-cf6g0gs	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7316	seriously, fuck cancer :(  my mom had breast cancer about a year ago, and i wouldn't wish it on anyone.  thankfully, she survived and seems to be doing well, but it was a long process with multiple surgeries and a lot of scary nights waiting.  i am sending you good vibes and healing thoughts for your sister and your entire family.  i am more than happy to lend an ear or be a shoulder to cry on if you'd like someone to talk to, and am just a pm away.  i don't think i would have gotten through if it weren't for people just being there for me and listening, (especially the awesome thethingaboutdaisies!).  so seriously, don't hesitate!  not just now, but anytime in the future, as well &lt;3
t3_1272xs-t1_c6sqqdn-c6srfsh	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6555	be happy for what you have. tomorrow you might wake up and feel a lump, and then begins rounds of radiation, chemo and surgery.   if this happens, and you're lucky, you'll have had a mastectomy and no visible sign of recurrence. if you're not so lucky, you'll be preparing for an early death.  this isn't far fetched. i'm going through it now.  just be happy with what you have. you only live once.
t3_2m4oql-t3_2m4oql-cm1eggv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8264	i was diagnosed during breast cancer awareness month.  i hate that fucking pink ribbon on everything and i hate those bumper stickers that say, "save the tatas!" it isnt about saving the tatas.  it's about saving lives.  i know it's all for a good cause, but sometimes it's misguided.
t3_33wvam-t3_33wvam-cqp454j	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6603	i'd be curious what their reaction would be if they did fall very ill and had to face a brutal truth about how they ate their way into illness - for example what my oncologist shared frankly with me when i was dx with an aggressive and persistent breast cancer:  "your obesity (hovering around the 29-30 range at the time) paired with your poor diet (high in animal fat and soy) caused a spike in the estrogen levels in your body. your cancer is estrogen/progesterone positive so you have been contributing to the growth and spread of the cancer."  i have the gene mutation that makes bc (and by extension ovarian cancer) very possible so that didn't help either but had i taken better care of my body and had a better/healthier diet i could have avoided losing a year of my life to cancer. i lost so much to the surgery, the chemo - it took years to recover and i will always have permanent reminders in the form of a flat sexless chest, nerve damage and reduced cognitive function.  yes, genetics are a factor - but obesity and my poor choices those years ago sealed the deal. conditions? pffft.. i haven't had a thyroid in 18 years, and i struggle with pcos but you know what? i control my 'condishuns' - it isn't easy to maintain a weight in the 130s in my mid 40s nor do i like watching what i eat but it is easier than thinking about (and actually) dying of cancer.  now i'm a straight up shitlord when it comes to my own body and health - i nearly ate my way into my grave once when i was too young to be facing death. if i do it again i won't be so lucky.   so here's an idea - just because you feel healthy and rely on internet blogs to allow you to think you are healthy... listen to your fucking doctors. all that haes shit goes right out the window and into the garbage where it belongs when you are faced with a serious illness. doctors are trying to prevent it and you are fighting them for your right to be fat and eventually sick and disabled and have the fucking nerve to look at them and call obesity 'healthy'.  or, ignore them and eat your way into immobility, illness, and death.   no amount of 'body positivity' or junk science will keep it from catching up with you.  you got links from your internet research that shows how wrong that is? good for you. all i have to do is look down at this ruin of a chest and know how wrong you are.
t3_3zhb45-t1_cym4u8v-cymwi6j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lol... seriously. so sad.   i have a breast cancer tat on my inner forearm. long sleeves, it's not noticeable, but i usually have my sleeves rolled up.. cause.. comfort - i dunno.  i was denied a job at starbucks... but have worked at 4 different large engineering firms who don't give a second thought to it.
t3_1eaosw-t1_c9yg5nh-c9yoc6q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7984	i'm high risk, my mum goes in for her mastectomy in two days, i'm going in to the doctors today to get set up for genetic testing and talk about my options. if i test positive i will get them removed and replaced my aunt is doing the same thing right now. ahh what's the best way to give a good perspective? here, my great grandma had it the radiation killed her, my grandma and great aunt had a masectomy and both made it my mums going through it now, if the risk is so high i can either choose to be vein keep 'em and i will get cancer and i may die. or i get to be proactive, not helpless it won't haunt me when i go to sleep at night. maybe it does seem extreme but its such a better choice and it gets to be my choice. i don't know maybe others have had it easier but seeing my mother go through this the effect it has on family and friends it hurts and its hard i don't want to go through this again if i have any choice about it.
t3_9ite7-t1_c0cynd4-c0d3k52	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i believe it is also approved for fatigue related for chemo as that was my first diagnosis. i am not a doctor though. i have a ridiculously hard time getting my medicines paid for even though i have been diagnosed with narcolepsy and had breast cancer.  my advice would be to be very careful what you put in your body. drugs like ritalin have a clearer "how they work". provigil's effect on histamine and serotonin is not a joke.  when i first found out i had cancer i was put on lexapro. i am completely reconstructed and still cannot get off of it. it does me absolutely no good but i have to take a maintenance level to avoid weird zappy feelings and dizziness.  i take a drug for no other reason than to avoid the withdrawal which is too much for my poor battered body. it's a huge pain in the ass and it has sexual side effects.  you really need to consider whether you need these drugs before you go down the path with something that effects serotonin. i wish i had said no to lexapro. if you want to talk about your issues i will give you whatever info i can - just send me a private e-mail. like i said i am not a doctor but i do have a ton of experience with meds and i have been successful in avoiding too many traps that i could have fallen into (pain killers for example).  best to you. stay healthy.
t3_1jweln-t3_1jweln-cbj654k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	back when i was a christian i had event that i considered to be a miracle at the time.   my mother called me one night and told me they had to have my brother committed to a mental hospital (later to be diagnosed with schizophrenia). well, she was all upset and i was too and we both said we would pray for a recovery.  the next day i woke up to get ready to go to work and wasn't feeling well so i called the office to tell them i would come in later if i got to feeling better. so, i'm laying in bed flipping channels on the tv and came across    the 700 club and they were beginning their regular morning prayer session where they pray for people and get a "word" and they would say specific things like, "someone was recently diagnosed with breast cancer, god is healing that cancer right now."   well i listened for a minute or two and was about to turn the channel when pat said something that made me freeze. he said, "there is a young man with mental issues, he was recently committed to mental hospital, god is going to heal this boy of his affliction in short order."  well, i was all exited and called my mother and after explaining to her why i was at home watching tv and not at work, i relayed the story to her. she got all exited too.  after several days my brother was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia and the doctor told my mother that they have had good success with treatment and getting patients back to living a normal life with the help of medications. however, he warned her that it will probably take a while before they find the right combination that will work for her son. she asked what he meant by "a while" and he said if we are lucky he might be able to be released within a year but it could take longer and could be he never gets out.  well, to finish the story, my brother was released within 3 weeks of his commitment date. the doctor said he had never seen such a remarkable turnaround in such a short time in all his 20+ years of being a psychiatrist.  well, that's it. my brother spent the next 12 years being his normal self until his recent relapse and has now been dealing with problem again for going on 2 years.
t3_9l70l-t3_9l70l-c0d8466	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cancer alzheimer's and obesity will continue to increase in incidence. the prostate exams, breast exams, pap smears, and all the rest of it will start when you're teenagers, and people will not ask themselves why this is necessary. everywhere we'll see children with diabetes and autism and people will pretend it was always this way. infertility will increase and people will not talk about it and pretend people always had to "try to conceive", a process that for some reason will take months, to have a child. everything people have been swallowing for the past 50 years will just get worse. eventually it will mean the poor peasant fucks that think this is a normal way to live will live in crammed up cities where they are left to go extinct. people in the third world will all live in cities that look like lagos and mexico city. people in the 1st world will live in cities that look like those in cyberpunk dystopia's. meanwhile the rich will move to the countryside, engage in transhumanism and change themselves into whatever they want to be, provided their arrogance won't mean their own end. eventually, provided there is something left of us we will resemble some kind of fat pig-like deformed animals, while the tall superhuman gods will hunt us like animals or simply have us entertain them at their court, something to laugh at and humiliate.  edit: oh i'm sorry for offending you, what i was trying to say was: global warming and overpopulation will kill us all! we must do something about it! don't have any children, and think about the environment by moving into some small room somewhere in a giant apartment in the city to reduce your carbon footprint!
t3_257lt6-t1_chelqws-chepkxq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	prostate cancer is more common than breast cancer, but it's rarely fatal.  it tends to be nonaggressive and slow, and only affect older men so that most patients die from other causes.  breast cancer gets more attention because:  - affects children and men  - commonly affects people in their "prime"  - patients can die within just a few months from inception   i had a good friend who had breast cancer in 4th grade.  my grandfather also had it.  the good news in the prostate vs. breast wars is that there's significant overlap in the drugs used.  funding one will help save lives of the other patient type.
t3_1tjy2p-t3_1tjy2p-ce8v9dw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh my gosh! her story made me burst in to tears! i will pray for her! (i had breast cancer 14 years ago and i have nodules on both my lungs. i am going to wait till after the holidays to tell my family. ugh!)  i have made that hat pattern! looks great on her!
t3_1l2987-t1_cbv595l-cbv7uaf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol
t3_2zh173-t3_2zh173-cpkugc8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6588	mine was mostly okay. when i was disappointed in people or in the church itself i could always shrug it off. until i got married and saw how much it hurt my in-laws who are the nicest, sweetest, most selfless people you can find. the guilt, feelings of inferiority, blaming themselves for bad things and then the convoluted mind games they played to make it all okay... then my sil (married to my husband's younger brother) died from breast cancer because the well meaning family truly believed god told them she'd get better and chemo would not work. she died. more mental gymnastics to excuse their faith and to justify everything. maybe it was the influence of my agnostic dad who taught me to question everything, but my mind could just not do it anymore.
t3_1550f3-t3_1550f3-c88zeqg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7618	so i learned today that my boyfriend is basically a superhero! i have a much reduced risk of breast cancer thanks to his "help." i already knew that him playing with my boobs was great for both of us but this is just icing on the cake. ;) ( . )y( . )
t3_2i9iot-t3_2i9iot-cl03fg6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'll share mine.  i was helping a friends dad do some minor construction work at a busy grocery store. basically just helping him pour small amounts of concrete.   we were 2 cars down from a handicap parking space when a lady cuts off another driver from pulling in and taking the space. it was a young lady in a mazda sports car. she waves her arms at the old lady that wanted to park and had a very hard time walking.   the old lady says something along the lines of "why can't you let an elderly woman use the handicap parking spot, do you absolutely need it?", while the young lady yells out "i had breast cancer 12 years ago, so cry me a river cunt" and walks off.
t3_fbycm-t1_c1et18h-c1etb1t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was ~12 i found one of my mom's shower hanger things about doing a breast self exam. so i did it. and i thought i had breast cancer at age 12. :| i wasn't familiar with breast structure at all, what with just having grown them, so i thought that normal glands were lumps.   needless to say if women are going to be encouraged do self exams, we need to be better educated about what to look for, and more importantly, what our normal, healthy breasts feel like. once i saw this funny little silicone rubber thing with a hard mass inside (handed to a friend by her ob-gyn) that was supposed to simulate what a lump feels like in breast tissue. it felt too hard and rubbery to really feel like a breast, but the lump was a distinct, solid mass that, when squeezed, would slip, not change shape. i don't know if that is accurate, but if it is, tools like that could be really helpful.
t3_47nfu1-t3_47nfu1-d0eo3yt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.678	found a lump on my breast. had just completed block including breast cancer pathologies. convinced myself i had breast cancer, but put off going to the doctor because i assumed i was just suffering from med student syndrome and that i was too young for breast cancer. lump did not go away, finally got it checked out --&gt; breast cancer. do your self exams people! boobs and testicles need to be checked in people our age
t3_1r1f9t-t1_cdjal4m-cdjayck	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wouldn't it be better to be sterile and adopt a kid later if you decide you want one than have one and turn out to regret it later? i'm not saying everyone that's on the fence regrets kids if they end up having them but it does happen, and it's horrible for a kid to grow up knowing they weren't wanted or think they were a mistake.  i have shitty genetics (6 cases of breast cancer, 2 cases of pancreatic cancer, 2 cases of ovarian cancer, and one of colon cancer in three generations and yes they are linked to a gene) and one of the reasons i was sterilized was because i didn't want to pass those down like it was done to me. the other reason happened to be those problems i inherited from her.   unless someone divulges their life history to you in an explanation as to why they won't change their mind, telling them they're foolish for thinking that comes off as really insensitive.
t3_ey3p4-t3_ey3p4-c1bub9d	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had almost the exact same thing, stage 4 breast cancer but she did chemo. always had hair past her waist and dreaded losing it. unfortunately she was losing it and so she decided to got it all cut off in one big braid which she still has. it was sad but i think it made her feel better to know she still had it in some form.
t3_3mqoau-t3_3mqoau-cvhs7n2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6596	a few days before my 18th birthday, my mom was omitted to the hospital. her cancer had spread from her breast to her kidney and then to her lungs. she had spend the last several months coughing violently.   the pressure from the constant coughing was enough to cause a fracture in her rib and that night she limped into mine and my sister's room to say goodnight. she was never one to talk or complain about her cancer. but i know she came into our room that night to let us know she was hurting. she slowly hobbled to our door, head hung low, grasping the door frame and whispered a goodnight. we called our dad who didn't live with us anymore and  an ambulance, despite her telling us over and over that she doesn't need one.   they took my mom away, sirens wailing and for the first time my sister and i were left home alone for the whole night. fast forward a few days later to my 18th birthday and my mom was still in the hospital for treatments. we went to go visit her before dinner and as we walked into the hospital room, i tried not to break down - i didn't want her to feel bad.  i'd never seen my mom look so fragile and tired. but she perked up a bit when she saw us all come in. she tried "showing" us around her bed, the magazines she was reading, her flimsy hospital dinner. i stood there awkwardly at the food of the bed, looking at everything in the room but my mom. she called my name, i looked at her and she was holding out a fruit cup. she told me she saved it for me because she knew i liked them. then she said to me, "i'm sorry i couldn't get you anything for your birthday this year". and my heart broke into a million pieces. it continues to break every time i think of her, try to remember her laugh. it's hard, because she didn't laugh that much in her last few years but i will hate myself if i ever forget that sound.   i wish i had told her that all i wanted was to see her on my birthday but i let out a measly "thank you" and awkwardly held onto the fruit cup. it was the last birthday i got to spend with her. she passed away about a month later.
t3_1oulvt-t3_1oulvt-ccw2fsy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.815	just because the nfl makes a lot of money on it, doesn't mean it's a waste of space. breast cancer is very lethal and all too common. as someone who has lost 2 family members to breast cancer and had another who just got diagnosed, i am grateful for any dime given to cancer research. as someone with a mentally ill brother, he has a disease, but it's not actively killing him, and i couldn't love him any less, so if i had to pick, i'd prefer breast cancer gets the big time advertising.
t3_3hecej-t3_3hecej-cu6p8h7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with breast cancer october 2014, had a mastectomy in november and chemo started in december. after six months, my hair started coming back, i'd been part of an exercise clinical study and it was working really well. i'm clear of cancer now, 15 months later, and in better shape now than i've been in 25 years (except the symmetry is gone). hang in there, and best wishes for your cancer story.
t3_9513a-t1_c0bgj23-c0bgjcn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we have always looked at it in terms of whether it was necessary from a health perspective. interestingly, here in canada, we do cover reconstructive surgery for deformities and breast cancer reconstruction. we don't cover cosmetic surgery though. we don't cover dental care, which i find odd, but the health system is set up to look to human rights for guidance. thus, we pay for abortions for example. it really comes down to that philosophy, and you're right - not everyone will be happy with what is covered.
t3_4a5kcb-t3_4a5kcb-d0y6va6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom had a similar pattern for years, but it was never acute emergencies.  she would wait until i was on vacation to give me bad news. one year it was uncle x has prostate cancer, another year it was that she was going to have a breast lump biopsied (she had breast cancer previously), the vet thinks the dog might have congestive heart failure, etc.   it stopped after i called her out on it. my husband and i were taking a trip and i called her a month before we left. i reminded her of our trip dates and told her that if she was saving any bad news for my trip to just tell me now because i didn't want to hear it once i was gone. she denied the pattern, but it never happened again.
t3_1wli9c-t3_1wli9c-cf3f5iw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.666	i used to fill up my grandmas shots with water instead of her medicine. she had breast cancer and was doing treatments but she became dependent on these shots. she would "be in so much pain" and i would shoot her up with water and she magically was better. i know it was shitty but it made me feel better knowing i wasn't doping her up 24/7 like my aunt wanted me to.
t3_2iufwq-t1_cl5rrhz-cl5sziy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	while i would argue that everyone does need support in some way if they're going through an illness, i agree that it's become really hard for people who want to deal with their diagnoses/treatments privately. i've read several folks writing in to advice columns recently who say, "i had breast cancer and it's now in remission. i have zero interest in wearing pink every day in october and doing walks and telling my story and all that. i have moved on but all my busybody coworkers keep thrusting me to the forefront as a "survivor"."
t3_2kz261-t1_clqr26k-clrgcad	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6682	i had a friend who was diagnosed with breast cancer. not only did she have to put up with the "they have a cure! big pharma doesn't want you to know about it!" bs, she had to put up with "well, it's not like it's [insert harder to treat cancer  here]! you're lucky!"  oh, yeah. having cancer is sooooo fucking lucky. asswipes.
t3_125l3z-t1_c6scij1-c6scu8f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i read your threads. i don't believe the first one with the almost died. you can easily bullshit stories like that. also i've witnessed my mom and step dad having sex with multiple people at the same time in the same bed plenty of times. your pictures aren't believable either. one time i faked i had breast cancer because i had a cyst under my chest. i told everyone i got a mammogram.
t3_156cbg-t3_156cbg-c7jo7pa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7632	i have a breast cancer ribbon and my mom's initials on my wrist. i got it when she was diagnosed with stage 4. i'm glad i did it before she passed away so she could see it. she loved it.
t3_1e65au-t3_1e65au-c9x5yjq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're allowed to be tired of this disease.  we're all tired of it.  being tired is okay.  it gives you a reason to rest.  it doesn't, however, give you a reason to go off your meds.  you're a diabetic and you don't want a cookie.  you want the whole goddamn cake in one sitting.  you want to be normal?  we don't get to be normal - ever.  we can mimic normal.  we can be as normal as possible given our illness.  sometimes, our best effort is stable.  that's what we get.  so grieve this thing.  get pissed, cry, bargain with god... but stop denying it and start accepting it.  this is your life now.  it can be beautiful and hysterical and tragic and amazing, but you have this thing.  most people with bipolar disorder are smarter than the general population.  i bet you are, too.  use that to understand that a bipolar diagnosis is more dangerous than either breast cancer or prostate cancer.  your meds could be the only thing standing between you and - well, not you.  you said you wanted to be yelled at.  there's my yelling.  peace out.
t3_152267-t1_c7imhe1-c7irukw	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandmother is in her 70's, she's beat breast cancer twice, the last time resorting to a double mastectomy.  just about a month ago she went to the doctor for some chest pain and we were told she has advanced stage 4 lung cancer.  she decided to do chemo.  since she began chemo she's lost all of her hair, she's lost about 40 lbs and is very weak.  i've come home for a month to help care for her along with my family.  she just recently started being able to eat ice chips and soup broth without vomiting it up as of the past week.  there is a window of about 2 or 3 weeks after her double chemo treatments where she is constantly nauseous and unable to eat (she went 16 days without food this last time around) and throwing up anything she does manage to get down, her body is sore and it affects her circulation so she's constantly cold, last night i wrapper her feet in a blanket and heating pad to keep them warm for her.  after all of this i told her "grandma, are you sure you want to keep going through with this... it hurts me to see you like this, i love you and i want you to know that if you want to stop the chemo and just enjoy what time we have left together, i would completely understand as would everyone else in the family." she looked at me and said "if i have to go to hell and back to spend even one more day living and loving my family, well i'm going to god damn do it."  i gave her a big hug, a kiss on the forehead and told her "atta girl!".  the moral of the story, it should be left up to the patient.  edit: a word.
t3_1fp5do-t1_caci7dr-cacla3j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's great news and i am truly happy for you. 2 years ago my wife was in the same situation and it had a different ending - mastectomy and now she's doing great. do me a favour and make sure you tell people to get themselves checked if even minutely suspicious. it was bad in my wife's case but would have been so much worse if she'd left it. influence the people you can influence and don't keep it to yourself - you may save someone's life. again i am happy for your ~~boobs~~ news.
t3_122bm6-t3_122bm6-c6rlr04	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this isn't irrational at all, especially given your history with chest x-rays. in all likelihood it is a calcium deposit, cyst, or gland, but any change in your breasts is worthy of being checked out. better safe than sorry!   don't listen to your boyfriend or family either. not to be disrespectful but even though it is rare, young women do get breast cancer and (seriously not to freak you out but) breast cancer before 30 tends to be more aggressive, so in the worst case scenario, you want to catch it earlier than early. again, probably it is nothing to worry about, but the only person who can decide that for you is a doctor, after doing the appropriate exams and running appropriate tests. i understand hospitals make you uncomfortable but in this situation, it's better to suffer temporarily even if all you get in the end is some peace of mind!  i hope you're okay, please let us know how everything goes!
t3_1q88js-t3_1q88js-cda6xo9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here are the questions they had to answer for the grant. ------    **tell us about your business. what inspired you to start your business? how is your business successful? what makes it unique?**  a&amp;m custom machine, inc. is a small business located in greeley colorado. a&amp;m provides our tight-knit community with custom machining, fabrication, and repair services.   we satisfy a variety of needs demanded by our local customers - from repairing the neighbor boy’s motor bike in time for his birthday, to repairing a farmer’s hay rake, rushing the order to save his crop from a crippling storm.   as large industry has developed in the region, we’ve grown too, acquiring contracts to manufacture “wear” parts for a conveyor system in the food processing industry. also, we are now proudly modifying huge industrial flywheels to save the local energy company thousands of dollars in replacement costs.    the desire to be a small business owner started after college. i was inspired by a friend who developed her own company to help those with developmental disabilities. by watching her strength and success, i knew i wanted to develop my own business and help others.   this opportunity arose in 2006, when my family was approached by a machine shop owner who wanted to sell and retire. it sounded like a good investment, so i assembled an acquisition team to investigate the opportunity. i pulled together: a bright accountant, a smart attorney, my creative, entrepreneurial minded brother, and my financially sensitive father. through our efforts the owner sold, and we developed a contract to lease-operate the machine shop. fortunately, through our ownership, our shop exceeded financial projections, and developed enough capital internally to buy the business outright within a year.  in 2009 the shop gave me independence and financial security, along with confidence to end an abusive relationship with my husband, and provide a healthy environment for my daughter. by fall of 2012 i purchased a&amp;m’s building, securing our location and reducing our overhead costs.    when i first investigated the purchase of the business, i found success was dependent upon key factors: location, a wide variety of services, and ethical reputation.  i am the 6th owner of this culturally significant machine shop, and proudly continuing its 30 year legacy.  during this time, a&amp;m developed a multi-generational customer base, where local businesses, and now their entrepreneurial children, are seeking our creativity and talent for their projects.    most machine shops in the area specialize in manufacturing high quantities of parts for exclusive industries.  our shop is different, and satisfies the needs of small and large businesses. as a result, we rarely do the same job twice, and proudly hold a diverse project portfolio.  our shop must be connected with our customers, and deliver receive genuine, undivided attention for their projects. when customers leave, we want them to feel cared for, their project understood, and know we have the talent and tools to assist them. i hire individuals with a customer first ethic, as well as machining talent.    we’ve grown into this vision, and my business is successful, but craving growth, and the chase market street grant will fuel this growth.  **how is your business involved with the community you serve?**   a&amp;m custom machine contributes to our community through donations, fund raising efforts, and providing a regional model for work ethic and employment.  we are appreciated in our community because our employees are committed to customer projects, even when it requires working beyond normal business hours, or exploring new concepts. a&amp;m is recognized because build a relationship with customers, and learn what they do, the job at hand, and how we can help.   we build trust, and relationships, and respect. it’s important to us to know that the pump a customer brings for repair supplies water to thousands of cattle.  or that the modification on a swab rig will provide safety to their employees while doing a very dangerous job.  in some cases customer equipment in the shop has no backup, and is eroding their profit by being down - so we resource parts and materials quickly, expediting solutions to save them money.    as a company we pride ourselves in quick turn around and we stand behind our work ensuring the customer is happy with the end product.  we do not take anything for granted and know that without the support of our community none of us can thrive. this mutual respect drives our reputation.    the people we hire promote the community we want to see. we have employed veterans, and learned from their skills, experience, and principles. we have routinely hired and trained individuals committed to a entering a new profession, without past machining experience. it’s satisfying to know that a&amp;m played a critical role in their growth when they make a return visit and update us on their successes.  we contribute time and resources to numerous causes. as a one year breast cancer survivor i leverage my business development skills to participate in the breast friends non-profit organization. i support and encourage women with my story, as well as provide a much needed shoulder to cry on, hugs, smiles, and celebrations of important milestones.  our employees are connected locally, being members and participants of the australian shepherd club of america, american quarter horse association, colorado and cheyenne balloon club, national livestock conservancy, and colorado youth outdoors just to name a few.  they are founding leaders and supporters of charitable organizations such as “heal” (holistic equine assistance league) and denkai (a local animal rescue group).  we are empathetic and appreciate that sometimes people need a helping hand due to circumstances beyond their control.  we have volunteered our services and befriended the homeless. we have waited for payment from small businesses struggling to survive, but who cannot keep their doors open without us making a repair.   our ongoing community efforts demonstrate our appreciation and acknowledgement for our customers, and are seen as a healthy and positive business model for our community.    **what would a $250,000 grant mean to your business and how will you utilize the funds to ensure long-term growth and stability?**  the future for a&amp;m custom machine, inc. is built upon a 30% increase in growth per year over the next three years.  reaching this goal will require (1) updating machining equipment, (2) updating our web presence, (3) obtaining iso9001 certification, (4) acquiring additional floor space, and (5) hiring another experienced lead machinist/fabricator and additional skilled employees.   1. a&amp;m has an immediate need to update and replace aging machines. some of these older machines are simply worn from many years of service and they will not hold tight tolerances we demand for our customers.  we have already begun a search for a conversational cnc mill with automatic and manual capabilities, with a 10 hp head, bt40 spindle, 18” x 54” table, and a conversational cnc lathe with automatic and manual capabilities, with a 16” chuck, and a 4” through hole. the purchase of updated machines will allow us to grown into new locals industries, and promote our 30% growth goal, without entering a lease to own agreement, tying up cash flows.    2. a&amp;m’s current customer base does not require or show interest in our website, however a more informative professionally developed web site would educate new purchasers allowing us to accessing government bids and the food industry.    3. pursuit of our iso9000 certification will expand our ability to manufacture in more diverse industries providing stability in the event of negative economic changes locally.  obtaining iso9001 certification will demonstrate that we have machinery and tooling regularly and properly calibrated and that the shop has procedures in place to perform quality control and track processes.   4. our shop currently occupies 5400 sq.ft. the purchase of additional space would allow us to reorganize the equipment and supplies, separating the machining from the welding area. welding produces particles that add additional wear on the lathes and mills and requiring us to spend additional resources cleaning machines and machined parts.  more floor space would provide room for additional machines and employees to run them as well as an indoor area to work on fabrication or repairing large projects and equipment.   5. finally, a&amp;m would expand by hiring another lead machinist/fabricator.  this would offer stability and flexibility having an additional lead who could oversee the details on a daily basis.  such individuals require higher pay than we can currently afford due to our very small size. to remain competitive and maintain employees a&amp;m needs to increase employee compensation as incentive for employees to continue to learn/grow/develop their skills.    with a $250,000 grant from chase, a&amp;m can grow and continue supporting our community. with the grant we can concentrate on hiring outstanding employees, updating equipment, utilizing our web presence, obtaining iso9001 certification, and expanding floor space - all keys to our long term growth and stability.
t3_1hnxu3-t3_1hnxu3-caw92c5	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	11 years ago i was diagnosed stage 3 triple negative breast cancer after a 6 centimeter tumor popped out of nowhere attached to my chest wall, and spent a year in treatment and recovering from multiple surgeries. on one of my darkest days my oncologist said to me, "you won't believe me now, but one day, -i promise you-, you will look back and this will all feel like a bad dream." he was right, of course. i didn't believe him. but as the years past i learned that he was right about the second half, too. now it does seem like a distant nightmare that i can't believe happened. i've been pulled apart, cut in half, and put back together like humpty dumpty. but i'm here, and i'm happy. you're going to do everything that's possible for you to do, because that is all you can do, and you must. and remember on your darkest day, that even though you won't believe me now, one day you will look back on this and it will all seem like a distant nightmare. i promise.
t3_25csp1-t3_25csp1-chg3te3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8402	i took cilest for about a year or so, without troubles. zero issues with it apart from some mood swings (which were probably due to life rather than hormones) after trying three different pills over a few years (several different types disagreed with me and i ended up with acne and ballooned in weight!) but am now on cerazette,  an oestrogen-free, progestogen-only oral contraceptive pill is what absolutely works for me. my mother had a rare type of breast cancer so my doctor prescribed me this type as the hormones do not contribute to the type of hormonal cancer she contracted (not at all an attempt to scare, just presenting the facts that work for me). i also suffered from hideously heavy and unpredictable periods and this pill has completely stopped them. i have been taking it for nearly three years, no break and have only ever had some occasional cramps and minimal spotting. throughly recommend!  edit- i should also mention that any pill side effect leaflet i have read mentions an increased risk in breast cancer, but this has mostly been attributed to the fact that women who take any type of pill, see their doctor on a more regular basis and are therefore far more likely to raise any issues regarding breast and general health.
t3_1ubzdv-t1_cegtq43-cegufj4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the scotus struck down a large part of the aca.  the president promised the scotus that all 50 states would sign on. the court took him at his word. question #1, can the aca deny care to a woman dying of breast cancer in one state and provide it to another? does she have a right to get treated? on the first lap through the scotus the president promised to provide it equally. if you were on the court would you rule that the woman has to die?  medicaid cannot be expanded in one state and not all states. when one state turned it down it then became unconstitutional for any to participate in it. it is a federal program so it has to be equal for all.  it gets worse. not only does the woman in tennessee (1) miss out on the medicaid expansion but the aca *also* (2) took away the medical plan that she had, covertn. if you were on the court would you rule that it was ok for obama to take away the plan that she had and to offer her nothing at all? the woman has breast cancer, is it right to make it illegal for tn to help her get treatment?  indiana is suing because the aca taxes indiana and the federal government may not tax any state.  next month there will be a ruling on forgetting to put the tax credits into the bill. congress only authorized aca tax credits for half of america. can the president issue tax credits without going through congress? the court will decide this too.  in my opinion the scotus doesn't want to rule six more times on the aca, they will just send it back to the house to start over. the people never wanted it to begin with and now they want it even less.
t3_4xcbsz-t3_4xcbsz-d6ezvbr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6008	i feel your pain a bit when you were waiting to find out if it was breast cancer. i'm only 25 and just had a yearly physical and had to be sent for a mammogram for dense tissue on the right side. i'm married and all but my husband is definitely an ass man so i had no idea how fucking bad i was hurting until the exam. i had to wait 5 days for an appointment and it was the longest 5 days of my fucking life. i have breast cancer, ovarian cancer, endometriosis and every other female ailment you can think of on my father's and mother's side and practically every person died from cancer or blood clotting and heart problems, which i both have. i can't keep a pregnancy past 3 months anyway but if i tried that would just be fucked up cause i don't want my kid to deal with everything i have to. so back to the actual mammogram/ultrasound. it took way too fucking long cause i've taken my mom and my nana to appointments before, and they said i had a huge cyst but it was "normal" and nothing to worry about. they didn't have anything for me to do other than self exams and start getting regular mammograms when i'm 40. fuck that, whenever i even put a bra on i am in excruciating pain and i know cancer can happen to younger people too. my mom did make me feel better by saying cancer didn't hurt, (like the initial lumps and bumps when getting a physical exam), but nothing that is "normal and fine" should hurt this much. i'm keeping a close eye on it and i had a word with my insurance, which does suck, but luckily with my family history they will cover mammograms cause they also know if i catch anything early it's gonna be cheaper for them in the long run.
t3_2tyqk4-t1_co4hsli-co4kkmr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6691	yes! one of my cringiest moments, was listening to my nmom talk with a recent breast cancer survivor (double mastectomy) and blather on &amp; on about her back surgery (three years ago), and how it took her a long time to recover properly (now *that* is another story, right there) and on &amp; on... tears welling up in her eyes (she can make a theatrical production out of anything!).   because of course anything she goes through, is infinitely worse than whatever someone else may have gone through!
t3_zafm1-t1_c63hfqa-c63i24d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mines pretty tragic....but not that bad  so i worked a daytime show we had a mom and daughter singing a song i do soundchecks in the morning and she had to sing to tracks....to get the track in the system where i can manipulate it i have to play the song through the board and record the board output....the first time i'm doing this she's sound checking at the same time - she had her guitar on mute for half of it then unmuted it halfway through - she was in the studio so outrageous feedback horrible horrible bad for like 8 seconds with the daughter going what is that - obviously now my track recording is ruined so i record another one for the show  fast forward to her performance  i play the wrong one - the one with the feedback and overmodulation, and i don't know this until halfway through the song, and it just so happens that's the part her daughter starts to sing, and you hear to air what was that? and the daughter starts to cry and ask her mom what happened and i can't just pull out or rewind or start the new one without having to start over.  it was a terrible 18 seconds until, the host came and rescued me.  oh and the clincher - the show was breast cancer show  the name of the song "song for survivors"  when her daughter steps up to sing....the audience the control and the host are near or in tears (beautiful images running in the monitor the whole shebang)  it....was.....tragic.
t3_2i3xx2-t1_ckykwnu-ckyt9xb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7393	my mom smoked for decades, and only quit when she got breast cancer because the doctors hounded her over it.    she said that all of a sudden she was able to smell the smoke in her clothes and things. i had complained about it when i was a kid. about going to school and having the kids make fun of me because i smelled like smoke. she never believed me until she quit and could smell it everywhere. she apologized for putting me through that.
t3_35pzua-t1_cr78vvc-cr7caq1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hah! when i first started developing boobs, i didn't realise the actual breast tissue under the nipples was gonna be harder and quite sore (i thought they'd just be squishy fatty stuff). i thought i had two breast cancer lumps.
t3_2wge7n-t3_2wge7n-coqkqlj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	different gps will have different styles for new patient intakes.  don't necessarily expect to have your "annual physical" with your first visit or catch up on 10 years of issues in 20 minutes.  some doctors may want to do an informal meet-and-greet.  some doctors may want to do a more intense medical interview style reviewing your medical history, family history, current medications, etc.  some may not care and just leave the visit completely to your preference.  just off the top of my head, some issues to consider to address without 10 years of primary care at your age, would be things like  1) pap testing/cervical cancer screening - done every three years now in canada for women with a previous normal pap  2) contraception/family planning.  std screening is often offered at your age if you are concerned or at risk.  3) immunizations - you may be due for a tetanus booster if it's been more than 10 years since your last.  we are offering a one-time adult whooping cough (pertussis) booster to adults your age here in canada as well due to outbreaks and possible weakening of the effects of your childhood pertussis shots  4) family history.  this usually determines upcoming screening recommendations in adults your age.  things to consider would be direct family members diagnosed with early diabetes, early heart attacks, strokes or sudden death, early breast cancers, early colon cancers, etc
t3_3mensp-t1_cvefexc-cvega0u	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm sorry to hear that. my good friend was diagnosed with breast cancer just a few months ago. so, i know quite a bit in this department just from chatting with her. she just had a double mastectomy, and is having radiation this week.  what's your treatment like? may i ask how old you are? i'm 40. i gotta say, i was having lots of personal issues when i was diagnosed, so, it seems i am handling it better now than i was a first. but, we'll see what happens in the future. that can all change in a heartbeat.  so, married? family? job?
t3_1ikcn5-t3_1ikcn5-cb6d352	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8564	if i had breast cancer, i would absolutely get the genetic test done, with genetic counseling to decide what to do next.  if a double mastectomy was the best course of action for prolonging life, then so be it.  also, having a high genetic risk of breast cancer means an even higher risk of ovarian cancer.  there's no test for ovarian cancer, no screening, and it's often diagnosed when it's at a higher stage.  so getting tested can also tell a woman of other risks besides breast cancer.
t3_3o65i8-t3_3o65i8-cvujbcx	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7221	stroking my mums forehead as she passed away.  she battled breast cancer for 10 years until finally it got to her brain and she rapidly deteriorated over the last year.  she hated the hospital and held out at home till the last day, honestly i thought she was still going to be around for a long time despite the cancer so when her boyfriend/career called saying she was unresponsive i still didn't realise this was it. we got her in the ambulance and she finally came around for long enough to say "hey boogs27"' (obviously using my actual name though) as though she was trying to act like she was fine. those were last words, possibly last coherent moment.  once she when into the hospice she lasted about 18 hours before she started taking her last breaths, with all of us around her i stroked her forehead like she used to do to me as a child to put me to sleep.  i'm pretty sure her eyes focused on me before in the seconds before she left too, i'm very grateful for that moment, although it was definitely the hardest in my life.
t3_3gx5ef-t3_3gx5ef-cu2qzbv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7541	try to remember that this is something you want and need to get done to be one step closer to being a mother.  they aren't doing this to you, you asked them to, they are on your team.    i have suffered breast cancer before/after my ivf this year and i have been poked and prodded beyond belief this year, so my 'sanity mantra' is that we are all on the same team, and they are doing the poking/prodding to help me.  hope this helps.  hugs to you, you are stronger than you imagine and you can do it!
t3_8teod-t1_c0aehny-c0ag1fu	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7927	sorry for length - please trudge through. anxiously await reply.  health care and prescription drugs – two separate issues.   drugs – concede point – canada pays less for drugs.  my brother works for glaxosmithkline (gsk) in the r&amp;d group for cancer drugs. makes big bucks. the us sucks up the r&amp;d costs for the drugs and canada will not. they base cost on manufacturing and distribution. that is the major difference.  when a new drug is released, it is on patent and is charged a large fee to cover the r&amp;d costs, it then goes generic after a few years. they have been opening up facilities in india, singapore and china in anticipation of nationalization. (bro has been to china several times and has moved 6 times in the past 15 years). we will lose the jobs, corporate taxes and fda control when they fully leave. bro will move with them and still make big bucks. this is pretty much a done deal and it no longer matters what i think or want.  health care – i read the articles you referenced. i can counter with numerous articles with the opposite conclusions. (huffington post vs. weekly standard?) you can google “average wait for canada surgery 2009” and read the reputable links (cbc news, toronto sun, edmonton sun, ottawa sun…) try these two canadian government sources:   http://www.health.gov.on.ca/transformation/wait_times/providers/reports/wt_update_20090416.pdf;   http://www.health.gov.bc.ca/waitlist/.  health care is very personal for me. i know the costs well. i have a brain tumor that i get mris (was, 4x/year, now 1x/year thanks to expensive drugs) with no waiting. my husband is type 1 diabetic since age 7 and at the age of 55, reaching serious complications. heart attack, triple bypass numerous stints, osteoporosis w/broken foot, 3 detached retina surgeries. he will have another eye surgery monday june 22 trying to save sight in right eye. he has an endocrinologist, cardiologist and retinologist he sees regularly, not to mention the ent guy and orthopedist he sees occasionally. we have blue cross/blue shield and constantly fight for “reasonable and customary” charges. it is an insane process, but at least i can fight. i can sue. with a government in charge, there is no fight. you get what you get. we pay a lot for his care and sacrifice lifestyle, but he would have been blind 20 years ago without frequent laser surgeries from the retinologist.   canada has good care and excellent doctors, possibly the best there is, but we get immediate treatment here. currently, no government entity makes decisions on whether or not to spend tax money for mri machines or any other expensive equipment or facility. if a hospital or clinic thinks they can make money by having it, it will be there. more demand – more machines – more money. yes, it is greed, but that makes these things available. from the april 15, 2009 canadian government study on http://www.health.gov.bc.ca/waitlist/, the current wait for “other opthalmic surgery” is 108 days with an access target of 84-182 days. his latest detached retina happened wednesday this week and monday he is scheduled for surgery. time is critical for outcome. i will pay any amount necessary for his sight. if we go to nationalized care and he has to wait weeks for treatment, i will pay for him to fly to india or singapore for treatment and figure a way to pay. our poor will not have this option. gsk has built state-of-the-art facilities there and those foreign doctors are well trained.    current worst-case scenario for us: i'm unemployed w/no insurance. spend all savings on doctors and hospitals.  have to sell house. spend that on doctors and hospitals. go on public assistance. get same treatment for husband. left broke but can see. i choose this over going blind because of a 3-month wait and having all my stuff.  if i'm unemployed, i'll lose that, anyway.  canada’s current wait for cancer surgery is 63 days with a target of 84 (great!).  but i don’t want to wait 3 months after finding out i have breast cancer to get that thing out.  i’ll pay anything to have it done now. canadian pediatric surgery – 249 days with target of 182.  if i was canadian and my kid had to wait, i would beg, borrow or steal to find somewhere on the planet that would take him immediately.  the us children of poorest of poor get immediate surgery. it is the law. example: husband’s cousin unemployed, uninsured. 16 yr old son in car accident with liver damage. 3 weeks in fort worth’s cook’s children’s hospital. immediate surgery. private room. no cost to patient or family.  my cousin’s daughter alchoholic 28 year-old unemployed/unemployable in dry-out clinic in little rock (arkansas cares) – no costs to patient or family. p.s. hmo = government care. no recourse. been there, hate that, too.
t3_19csg5-t3_19csg5-c8mvmbf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5062	i had the same thing happen very recently, except they didn't say i had hpv... i had a pap done jan 15th and they called me up and said the results were abnormal and that i had to come in for a [colposcopy](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/colposcopy) which i had done feb 15th and i am still awaiting results. (they told me to call on march 21st) i am so scared that i might have cancer!! my mom beat breast cancer about 6 years ago and it was one of the hardest things i ever had to go through and it wasn't even me that was fighting it... i will keep you in my thoughts and prayers. :)
t3_2k0ydy-t3_2k0ydy-clgwh1x	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with late stage breast cancer in 2009. it was a struggle and the doctors didn't expect her to pull through but she did like a champ. my mom is a fighter and as she puts it, "refused to let cancer kick her ass."   fast forward to 2012 and she decided to undergo reconstructive surgery. the surgery goes well and she is put into recovery. she spends a day drifting in and out of consciousness which was expected after a surgery like that. the whole time she is still hooked up to a morphine drip to help her pain. after being reassured by the doctors that everything was fine we decided to go to our homes and shower and sleep. my sister elects to stay just in case anything goes down.  fast forward to the next morning and my sister is calling me in tears saying i needed to get to the hospital right now. i rush up to the hospital and am pulled aside by the doctors and told that my mom has suffered some complications from the surgery and is a coma. a half hour goes by and my step dad arrives (i live by myself closer to the hospital) and the doctors pull him and i into her room. they say that her lungs are filling with fluids at a fast rate. they say she is unlikely to recover and we need to  make a decision to keep her on life support or pull the plug. we refused to let her go like that. three days go by and my mom starts showing some cognitive activity. by the end of the week she fully wakes up.  the relevant part happens after she wakes up. she looks at my step dad and i and asks when we came into the room. we tell her we've been here all week. she seemed really dumbfounded by this and replies she has only been in the room for a day or two. she then asks where her grandmother had gone. this creeped us out. my great-grandmother passed away in early 2007. when my stepdad tried to explain this to her, she replied that she had spent the last couple of days with her talking about the family. she said that grandma got really weird and told her that she can't give up because she had children to take care of. according to my mom, around the time grandma said this, mom became aware of us being in the room and grandma was gone. it was really weird to hear her talk about it. to this day she has no recollection of being in a coma. she knows she was now but all she can remember is spending a few days in the hospital with my grandmother talking about the family.
t3_32nlsc-t1_cqdejxt-cqdh0nf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5037	european here and that's simply not true at all. but hey, whatever lets you sleep better.  i had a breast cancer scare in my socialist universal healthcare country. found a bump in the evening. general practicioner's office in the morning. mammogram and ultrasound the same day at a major hospital. oncologist's consultation the next day.
t3_2w06tw-t1_comewvz-comhl4f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5068	haven't read the book but i've only heard good things about it!   i can answer some of your other questions though! i'm hmong-american and my mom is a medical interpreter for the hmong community. in some instances, there are still plenty of hmongs who refuse to seek medical assistance but there are much more who are now aware of the benefits. i think what lacked back in the 80s versus now is communicating properly to break through a language barrier.   i remember when my mom met one of her long distance aunt who had just been diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer. her aunt refused to start cancer treatment. instead she wanted to go back to laos to see if she could find a medicine man or shaman to cure her. my mom tried her best to explain that cancer is not something hmong people can cure but the americans could help her more than anything the hmong could. her aunt refused and my mom gave up.   it's really all about communication and understanding the differences between a medical sickness and a spiritual sickness, which some hmongs still don't get.   my mom is kinda a hybrid. in some cases she has such a strong faith in (western) medicine. in other cases she believes more in the hmong ways. she's always been the type of person to do and recommend both. i've never seen medicine and our spiritual ways clash, at least not in my home. (i wish i could expand on this but my post is getting way too long.)  no, i don't think it would make a difference if they/we were white because ultimately we still would have the same beliefs. but i think growing up in america does make a difference and in some cases, where you grow up in america matters too.   i grew up in minnesota where the largest hmong community exists. i grew up speaking hmong, eating hmong food, living the hmong life. then i moved to california where i met a few hmong people who couldn't even speak hmong. i didn't even think that was possible because we were only first generation americans. it was quite eye opening to see and understand that the hmong culture is dying through them and that we probably didn't share the same cultural/spiritual beliefs.   your last question is a bit confusing. would the medical community treat the hmongs who believe in txiv neebs differently from those who are jehovah's witnesses? or would the hmong treat the hmong differently?
t3_183u8p-t3_183u8p-c8bf8j2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7432	dude, i hear you. when i was first experiencing issues with crohns at the young age of 11, my dr. told my mother i was anorexic. i had lost a bunch of weight so that was his diagnosis. that i was looking for attention, and to ignore me. when i was fed, i was given my dinner in my room to eat alone. i was ignored for a good 5 months, silently suffering from the cramps and diarrhea. my father had a heart attack and was home recuperating for about a month. i was home sick with a bad cold. my dad had made me a sandwich, but instead of being made to eat alone in my room, he had me eat at the table with him where he could watch me and make sure i ate it. mind you, i didn't have an eating disorder, but i definitely was aware of what i ate trying to figure out what was making me sick... i take a few bites and excuse myself to go to the bathroom. my dad throws a fit and tells me to stay where i am and finish my sandwich. i can't hold it, so i run to the bathroom, my father on my heels. he thinks i'm going to throw up my food. if i'm anorexic, i might as well be bulimic too right? he's shocked to see me sitting on the toilet. even more shocked to see the large amount of blood that just shot out of my ass. again, enraged, tells me to get dressed, because he's taking me to the dr. immediately. we go to the dr., he asks me to try and have a bowel movement in the bathroom next to our room. he looks at it, and comes back to me and says softly "i'm so sorry i didn't further observe your symptoms sooner." then tells my father i should be admitted into to children's hospital immediately. my mom then shows up and we go. parent's still enraged, have me submitted and my mom starts screaming at the nurses "what's wrong with her? her dr. told us she's just faking it. there's nothing wrong with her!" they think i had food poisoning. and they actually accuse my mom of poisoning my food.   i was in the hospital for a week, was treated with antibiotics as if i had food poisoning. 11 years old and scared out of my mind...did my family come visit me while i was there? no. the day they released me and my mom came to pick me up, she was angry it wasn't at a more "convenient" time for her.  i had bloody diarea for another 4 months until my dr. gave me a referral to see a gastroenterologist. had a colonoscopy a week later, and he knew right away what the problem was. he told my mom i'd have to take certain meds and have a special diet (ya know, plain food- nothing spicy). well when we get home, she rips up the food list and tells me "you eat what i make for everyone, i'm not making you anything special"  that was 15 years ago. to this day, she still tells me "get over it, i had breast cancer (in 2009) and had to have 2 surgeries and you don't see me complain!" all she ever does is complain about everything.. the funny thing is i don't ever complain, i just tell her "i can't eat that, mom.." because after 15 years she still doesn't remember all the things i have to avoid.  i moved out at 18. and i haven't talked to her in almost a year now. and it's been amazing :)
t3_163dmq-t3_163dmq-c7sh8fk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"breast buds". i thought i had like breast cancer or something when i was 8 or 9 and i got those lumps! i just assumed boobs would just grow in squishy, not that i'd get some semi-firm lump first.
t3_1r0gaf-t3_1r0gaf-cdir3vp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	shouldn't everyone be a little worried about a "health" campaign that might be spreading misinformation?  is it true that movember encourges overscreening?  i can't pull up a quote right now, but one of those articles mentioned that health experts do not recommend screening in asymptomatic young men.  i have similar worries about breast cancer campaigns that encourge overscreening.  some say no one should be getting regular mammograms until they're 50 unless they have symptoms.  it also worries me that awareness for prostate cancer is the central focus, if it's true that it has a 99.2% survival rate.  could there be more dire things afflicting men, that men's day could be raising awareness for instead?  suicide and mental health, maybe?
t3_1pjlwk-t3_1pjlwk-cd32s11	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not an expert in breast cancer, but i know a bit about it and will do my best to explain it phrase by phrase. please realize that i'm just going off this text and that your mom's doctors obviously know much more:  **[triple positive:](http://www.webmd.com/breast-cancer/breast-cancer-types-er-positive-her2-positive)** this refers to the molecular characteristics of the cancer. it means that your mom's cancer has receptors for estrogen, progesterone, and her2. the first two mean that the cancer may respond to hormone therapy, so her doctors will be able to give her that in addition to chemo. the last one means two things: on one hand, her2 positive cancers tend to be a bit more aggressive. on the other hand, a drug called herceptin targets that receptor, which gives another treatment option. i imagine that seeing 'triple positive' on the text is scary, but it's not actually bad. in fact, 'triple negative' is generally considered harder to treat.  **[moderately differentiated:](http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/factsheet/detection/tumor-grade)** this refers to how the cells look. the best case ("well differentiated") is that the tumor mostly looks like normal cells. it's still cancer, but it has a structure and is less likely to aggressively expand into nearby cells. the worst case ("undifferentiated") refers to highly abnormal cells that easily spread into the tissue around them because they lack a clear structure. the two steps in between are "moderately differentiated" and "poorly differentiated" so your mom is somewhere in between.  **[size of tumor:](http://www.webmd.com/breast-cancer/guide/stages-breast-cancer)** you're right that it's a fairly large tumor, and that means that your mom is probably stage iii disease. all else equal, it's not a great sign. but remember - there are a lot of things to consider.  **spreading to nodes:** as u/whelm said, there isn't a lot of detail here. hopefully it's only spread to a few local lymph nodes. lymph node involvement is used in addition to the primary tumor size to determine stage. going off of this text, your mom is probably about stage iiia. (this is just a guess - her doctors will have told her what stage her disease is.) for stage iiia, the total 5 year survival rate is 67%. **however, that number doesn't necessarily apply to your mom.** stage doesn't include the first two factors above or anything else that might be unique to your mom's situation, and i don't want you to latch on to that number.  i hope that this helps you understand a bit better. it can be so hard to ask your mom for more details since you don't want to make her dwell on it. she does seem like she's willing to talk with you about it, though, so if you feel comfortable with it you should gently ask her if you have more questions. it may also be possible to talk to her oncologist or a nurse - my doctors were always willing to explain things to my family when i was sick.  i'm so sorry you have to watch her go through this. you and she will be in my thoughts, and please let me know if i can answer any more questions
t3_xoejw-t3_xoejw-c5pgnth	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have been dealing with triple negative inflammatory breast cancer for 15+ years. though when i was first diagnosed, there was no triple, just er and pr negative. her2 receptor status wasn't tested as herceptin was only in stage ii trials.    triple negative cancers just means the hormone therapies aren't a good option. the standard chemo therapies work differently and may or may not work depending on the chemo sensitivity of the individual tumor.
t3_2skfdm-t3_2skfdm-cnqf38k	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have stage 4 breast cancer that has moved to my lung. my treatment is being done at a research center i was lucky that i lived near it so it was naturally my first choice. my oncologist has mentioned a few times that cancer treatment is like dealing with the unknown. every person's cancer reacts differently if at all to the different treatments. its natural to have doubts. if it makes you feel better get a second opinion from oncologist. this is your life. also remember this, your type of cancer (each cancer cell   is unique to each person) was successfully treated maybe the previous chemo will still work if not there are lots of types of chemo treatments available not to mention research centers. i'm on my second type of chemo have been on it about 4 months my last scan came back and the cancer on the lung has disappeared still on the breast but it's a start. also my oncologist says that i have breast cancer that has moved to the lung (same cells) not breast cancer and lung cancer (different cells). this means both places are treated with the same drug. your cancer seems to be like mine i don't know for sure because i'm not s doctor. but what i'm saying is there is hope. maybe the original chemo will still work and will treat everything. you must keep hope. not only does cancer eat at your body it eats at your brain mentally, you can't let it do that. if this is the end either 2 months, 2 years or 20 years do you want to spend it worrying and being sad because you are going to die which fyi we all die or do you want to spend it fighting this and enjoying life and those you love in it. my choice is to fight and enjoy those i love. also, if i had not been near a hospital that had an actual oncology department as apposed to a small local hospital i would have done research to find a larger facility. if you are in the us there is funding out there if you don't have insurance to cover it.    sorry this is tl;dr and for misspellings bad grammar, i'm on my phone. don't let the cancer beat you, you beat it until the very end and hopefully it's 20 years from now. by the way your dr in my opinion should not have put a time frame on it because he is not a fortune teller it only added to your stress. one last thing, stay away from cancer websites with all those horror stories no two cancers are alike and neither are the outcomes all the internet will do is bring you down and frighten you.  good luck and i wish you absolutely all the best.
t3_1f2u1k-t3_1f2u1k-ca6h66q	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	okay, here i go, this is gonna be a really long story: 7 years ago, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer, i took it really hard at first, because i thought i was gonna lose her. but she quickly got her breaast removed, ans started chemo therapy. 1 and a half month later, i was going through a time with a lot of fevers, so i was taken to the doctor, and they took a blood sample, a day later we got a call with the results, they couldn't see anything, and we went to the local hospital where they took a new test. they couldn't see anything either. so i go to a bigger hospital a 45min drive further away. they take a sample from my bonemarrow, they find out that i have leukemia in the blood. i start chemo treatment at a even bigger hospital. this all goes well, my mother and i is cured 1 year after. 4 years ago i start having a lot of fevers at night again, we go to the doctor again (same doctor as first time) and she knows something is wrong. i get sent of immediately. and they later find out my bonemarrow was damaged from the chemo therapy i had got. they decide i need a new bonemarrow, 4 months later they find a french donor. and i get sent to the biggest hospital in the country, where they break down my bonemarrow so that my body will accept the new one. i'm isolated for 3 months, i had a ton of side effects, you couldn't even imagien.  1 year after that i'm still struggeling with eating after the treatment. they think i have anorexia, i go to an institution for people with this sickness, and i feel alone in the world, i keep fighting for that i'm not, and its somethong else. i have to go to a surgery where they take a small camera down my throat and they find out there is only 1mm of space, they use a tool to block this out to normal space, and they so this 8 tomes because it keeps closing slowly. 2 years ago my mother was diagnosed with cancer in the bones, this one really hurts. you cannot treat this cancer. and it had also spread to the lungs and liver. radiation treats the cancer in the lungs, and a 10 month long experiments almost 100% treats the cancer in the liver. my mother is now going in another chemo therapy to fix a problem with her lungs.  my mother and i would probably be dead by now if it wasn't for the free healthcare in denmark. it has really done a lot too save us. and do everything for us.  but it isn't all sad story. my sister is pregnant in 9th month and was actually supposed to have my niece born 2 days ago, but the water might break any moment now. hope you read it all, i can't fall asleep with the thought of becoming an uncle for the first time bouncing in my head.
t3_2jzn0j-t3_2jzn0j-clgwvax	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8372	my god mother said this to me after my mom her best friend passed away from breast cancer when i was 25 and weeks away from giving birth to my first child " honey you will never get over it but you will get through it" second child and 5 yrs later i finally feel like i can breathe normally again.  she was right.  im not over it but i am through it. it is something i have carried with me through different hardships.  hope it helps someone else going through a hard time right now.
t3_1dbl9o-t3_1dbl9o-c9os2fx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've only woken up once trying to scream, and it came out more of a whimper. i had just been on a trip to nyc with my family/family's church group, and we had generally stayed in the manhattan area. in the dream, i was running on car tops with an old friend, laughing, diving into some pretty nasty alleys. we finally arrive at the hotel....opposite of the one we stayed at irl. falling apart, cockroaches everywhere, no elevators, we took rotting stairs to the 11th floor...  at the landing, saw a circular room with doors all around. my dream-thought was oh, these are the separate rooms, and they all share one bathroom. the door directly across from us.  i walked into the bathroom. first, i saw the broken mirror, barely holding to the wall above the rusting sink. next, the window, open above the old bathtub. then the floor....odd.....razor blades littered, scattered around the toilet....  where my mom lay, stone cold and empty, sprawled over the seat, one arm dangling into the blood-filled tub.  i was trying to scream, "mommy." woke up choking, immediately broke down into tears. consequently, she was diagnosed with breast cancer a few months after i had the dream. she's fine now, celebrating 5 years in remission. fucking dream still haunts me though.
t3_2h4lru-t1_ckpb6h6-ckpcoef	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if this is all true (sorry most alcoholics are master liars and manipulators) then it doesn't sound unhealthy but i would implore you that if you feel guilt surround your consumption.....don't consume. another way this could be relatable to me and possibly others is diet. i gave up soda in 2003 for health reasons, i don't like it, it isn't good for me, i hate the effects.....ergo i don't touch that crack.   alcoholism as written in the big book is described many times as an allergy. for those of us who have the "allergy" it can and often is deadly when consumed, obviously the reaction isn't instant anaphylaxis but you get the idea. i could say that i don't "take" alcohol for the same reason i should not be given penicillin....it has the potential to kill me. with penicillin my reaction was 25 years ago in the form of a rash, there is a very strong possibility i've "grown out of it" as children often times do but if someone does have a true allergy, the reactions typically are progressive, loosely in much the same way alcohol is.  is it the social pressure that you feel around drinking that guilts you? i'm trying to understand why anyone who is not an addict would consume and then feel guilty about the consumption...not just of alcohol but anything. given a family history depending on how exposed you were to it, knowing you are at higher risk why would ever drink? it's kind of in reverse but when thinking about how a similar situation has applied i can only come up with the time i had to fight to get a mammogram before i turned 40 since it wasn't deemed "a medically necessary preventable maintenance test" for my age by my insurance company.....that clearly has no idea my family history, every paternal aunt i have (4 ) has had breast cancer including my father. why a business much like drinking...why would i let someone who doesn't have a clue or know anything about me other than my ss number and my income make decisions for my health??
t3_14r76l-t3_14r76l-c7fslkv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, i mean if you have the mutation, and it sounds likely that you do--preventative mastectomy and hysto/oopho would be super wise choices, and ones often gut wrenchingly hard to make for the majority of people effected by those cancers. i suspect you would be counseled to strongly consider those surgeries. the thing is--do you want a contoured male chest with nipples, or would you be ok with the results of a cancer preventative mastectomy? much different looks, and if you have the mutation, you would still have a risk of breast cancer in the tissue remaining from a standard ftm chest masculinization. so you would still need mammograms. technically anyone post chest surgery still needs a mammogram due to tissue left, but it's not often i hear of a guy getting one.  the reason i kind of roll my eyes at trans dudes wanting cancer is not that i don't understand the ridiculous expense of surgery and the necessity of it--i just think it's a kind of foolish way to think about cancer.   my mom died of breast cancer this year and i mean to take the brca 1 and 2 tests--but i have no other family history of breast cancer so in my case i doubt i have either mutation. my friend got his top surgery paid for based on an inconclusive brca 1 test. edit: friend got nipples tattooed on.
t3_zbfus-t3_zbfus-c634llt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6613	21-year-old friend with leukaemia and 50-year-old neighbour with breast cancer both beat it in under a year, no signs of return. both with more vigour for life than ever.   and one of my best friend's had to get a similar test to you, but it turned out to be all clear.   good luck op. just remember, bad news tomorrow just means the road might be a little more tedious, but **not** impossible to travel.
t3_1ym9d5-t3_1ym9d5-cflrvbr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.506	i was diagnosed with breast cancer in my early 30's, and it's been 10 years. since i still look like i'm in my 30's (source: me) people have a difficult time believing i'm a 10-year survivor. i have a pic of me bald i have to whip out from time to time.
t3_15hyc6-t3_15hyc6-c7n2h0f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5105	don't assume that you have a gene that causes the cancer in your family.  get tested to determine if you do have the gene.    if you do not then investigate known causes of cancer and avoid those as most cancers are actually caused by environmental factors.  eliminate as many of those factors and you reduce the odds of getting the disease.  these factors are the type of things that vissuto mentioned.  obesity is one of the most common risk factors as is smoking and exposure to known carcinogens (paraben for example).  exercise regularly, manage stress, etc.   if you do have the brca-1 or brca-2 gene, talk with a specialist.  personal disclaimer: i am not a medical professional of any type.  i have stage iv breast cancer and read everything i can find that will make survival more likely.
t3_2lq09x-t1_clx245f-clxhwaq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	quote from one of her posts: "understandably, as you can imagine, i am sickened and freaked out by my personal revelation tonight- that the salve went completely through my nose down to my nasal passages.... the only thing that makes my mind feel halfway ok right now is that i have faith that the salve only took out cancerous cells, not normal skin cells, and that a moh's surgery would have taken more, and would have had much more initial scarring. i did test this salve on two suspicious skin spots prior to application on my known basal cell cancer spot, (one on my inner arm, one on my shin.) but nothing happened more than they got a bit red. yes, i used a 'deep tissue salve' that has dmso in it, but would that kill regular skin cells???? i didn't think so.  i believed, instinctively, that this was the right thing to do once i saw so many salve photo healings online. unfortunately, mine reacted like no other i have seen, where its so deep, the center of the cancer spot is gone/open??? will it grow back in from the center somehow? i have heard that it can/will. i just don't see how it could..... yet, on others i suppose (now that i think back) that i have seen a breast cancer come completely out of a breast from @ the breast center, and the skin tissue came back together.... i don't know how that happens!?"  so.... she really is that dumb. thought she could just get rid of a little cancer and have everything heal and look normal after. she did not expect that giant hole in her nose! so sad.
t3_m35mc-t1_c2xqgyh-c2xro3r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had breast cancer in both nipples when i was ~13. mine weren't painful, and they lasted for a couple of years iirc. i completely forgot they existed until i read your post.
t3_2deiw7-t1_cjpnwqm-cjpouh3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;you mean in the selfish gene sense?  yea, but also in a much more basic mind over matter kind of sense.  *oh no, doctor!  i have the breast cancer gene, clearly the solution is to preemptively cut off my tits...*  like one very famous person did.  that's the kind of victim mentality resulting from modern genetics.     &gt;no, but i'd personally resort to good ole' polemics as a first line of attack. it's not like those people are that intelligent anyway.    though that's partly why polemics doesn't tend to yield much progress imo.  plus, the advanced subterfuge is far more fun anyways.   &gt;either way don't let them drag you down.  they don't.  [i tend to not take things too seriously.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1d6g-xa2kw)  :)
t3_2j0h8r-t3_2j0h8r-cl7cd7k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8046	can we possibly actually point out that this woman put her faith in one, obviously incompetent, person and that the 'vegan' aspect is being over-emphasized here?  it isn't veganism that killed her, it was the fact that she didn't get treatment from a qualified professional early on.  there is actually a fair amount of evidence that reducing or cutting animal products out of one's diet can decrease your risk of many diseases, including cancers.  however, i have never read in any serious literature that it will 'cure' anything.  i'm vegan myself (i know... you're a redditor... click the downvote button now.  it's the rules.  i'll wait) but no one i know in the vegan community thinks that it will cure anything.  most of us adopt the diet out of compassion for animals, and, while it definitely seems to have many health (and environmental) benefits, none of us think we've become invincible.  we still look both ways before crossing the street.  my wife and i have a friend (vegan) who got breast cancer last year.  she sure as hell didn't up her broccoli intake.  she got herself to a doctor.  she's still around today, minus one breast, but at least alive.  (i will point out, however, that the doctors did mention that her healthy diet and body helped her recover in record time.  she was back on her feet within a week or two).  the issue here is that every time some obviously misguided fool or darwin-award hopeful fucks themselves or their children up, and happens to be even just distantly associated with veganism, it's the veganism that everyone jumps on, not the fact that they were possibly mentally ill, highly suggestible, heavily religious, mentally challenged, etc.   so, lumping us vegans in with people who are obviously screwed up and would have probably gotten themselves killed whatever diet or alternative treatment they were on is, while a very reddit thing to do, not in anyway accurate.
t3_1cf7zs-t1_c9g9iaj-c9ga48p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;m not sure about england, but in canada if your mom actually needed that surgery in 3 days she'd have had it. that is how it works. if you need treatment now you get it.  that is precisely how it works in the uk, however in the case of a mastectomy, it wouldn't be as cut and dried. it would all depend on how advanced the tumour was, whether the mastectomy had to be radical, skin-sparing, extended radical, modified etc.  but as a rule, if you need surgery that is imperative to your continuing life, even outside of emergency situations, you will get it.  or course you have to factor in misdiagnosis and negligence, but this i very few and far between (in the uk anyway) and tends to be jumped upon by the media whenever they rear their head.  source: i'm a radiologist
t3_1ore6o-t3_1ore6o-ccutns7	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6025	mine have had recent growth spurts at 25 and 28. so there's that. but if your doctor thinks yours won't then okay. maybe get a second opinion just in case if you haven't.   anyhow, i knew a girl in high school with fake boobs. she had breast cancer at a young age and the implants were due to that. hers were very hard which had something to do with the tissue not being right after the removal from the cancer. also this was a while back when the implants were not as good. she said she was going to try to get them redone later in life, but she moved and i don't know if she did. they looked good with some scarring, nothing too bad.
t3_1kb7zj-t1_cbn8gi0-cbn8r88	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the simpson was easily the most difficult part of our trip, and needed the post amount of planning - our bikes were each weighing around 300kgs by the time we started. we took the french line east to west, which wasn't ideal because it means you hit the largest sand dunes first, while loaded up. there's hundreds of sand dunes over 600kms, with one of the first ones ('big red') being over 90 metres high. so you need to be carrying enough food, water and fuel for about 3 days.  whenever one of us fell off, we had to radio to the others to come back to help pick up the bike. the sand was so soft, that our bike stand would simply sink, and our bike would drop - so we kept the lids for our pots &amp; pans accessible, so we would slip them under the stand so that the weight would spread across the sand, and the bike wouldn't drop. then walk back and help the other pick up the bike.  it was insane. we were dropping our fuel canisters and water jugs all over the place, and wouldn't have made it if it weren't for the help of strangers. long story short - we were ready to turn back after the first day as it was simply too difficult. we hadn't made nearly as much distance as we needed to and were exhausted. we came across a lovely group of 4wd's who carried the heaviest of our stuff the rest of the way. we did our trip to raise money for breast cancer - and one of the 4wd's was personally touched by our trip.  don't fuck with the simpson unprepared. we thought we were ready, but it was relentless
t3_3ydst1-t3_3ydst1-cyd2vqn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there was an episode of er where a family was in a car accident and the (9-13yro) daughter was experiencing abdominal pain right around where the seat belt comes across the waist. they did x-rays and surgery and it turns out the 'girl' had testicles that hadn't dropped. when i first saw this episode i was about that girl's age and thought, 'shit. maybe my balls haven't dropped either." i also struggle with a profound guilt, one i associate with breast cancer. i am ftm, but completely closeted and don't see myself completing transition atm. if i was diagnosed with any type of breast cancer, even like a really meek kind, with a high survival rate, i would opt for a double mastectomy and feel no guilt at all. no one would question the decision and i would be breast free.
t3_46ibtf-t3_46ibtf-d05exo1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok, so, not the same body part, but it is about cysts and fear - i had a beast infection that didn't respond as well to antibiotics as it should have, so my doc had me get an ultrasound and mammogram (i was 35). even knowing that inflammatory breast cancer was rare, and any cancer for my age/history was uncommon, i was still really scared. talking about it with family and husband helped some, but the best thing was my mom and my sister took me to my appointment and we made a day of it - got lunch and gelato before the appointment and checked out the local public market after. having their moral support made it much less scary, because even if the news had been the worst i knew i had allies in my corner.  i guess my point is, connecting with your support network, sharing your fears, asking for their help can make a big difference in your experience of the situation.
t3_q78fv-t3_q78fv-c3vhiab	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this makes me angry at my ex-girlfriend all over again.  when i was 17 i was in a (rather short, in retrospect) relationship with a girl i knew. it was overdramatic teen bullshit from day 1, and it climaxed with her lying to me; she told me she had breast cancer as part of a messed up cry for attention.  being 17, i was more upset about the fact that she needed to lie to me than anything, and i haven't really dwelled upon the implications of her lie.  she made up bullshit about reactions to treatment and all sorts of crap (just short of shaving her head, i suppose) and now i'm welling up with old forgotten anger at how she trivialised something so serious. so many people have to suffer through so much pain and fear and anxiety, and so many have to survive the sorrow of losing a loved one.  it just makes me sick to think that anyone, especially someone i called a friend (and more) could lie about something so horrific and destructive.  to all those here who are suffering or have suffered from any kind of cancer; whether directly or indirectly, my thoughts are with you right now.
t3_47qktb-t3_47qktb-d0i96ky	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	unless it is for a medical reason, i believe it is haram. the boys (not men, because a real man would not be concentrating on your breasts) need to be changed. having a mastectomy is extreme. i had a lumpectomy due to .breast cancer, so was needed to save my life. you don't need to change your body, you need to change the type of men your family are bringing to you.
t3_3rjv3i-t3_3rjv3i-cworhc8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh great, yah know what just fuck off...with all the shit that comes from feminists about breast cancer being nothing to do with men and we should butt out of it.  just fuck off, get your greasy feminist hands off and go fuck yourself... not every fucking thing has to be taken over by you annoying cunts.   support it, don't try and take it over because you know your just going to make it about fgm or shoe horn some other shit into it.  if you can't just support it without trying to make it yet another **feminist issue** go jump off a tall building.  *does not apply to non feminists...
t3_328rgr-t3_328rgr-cq8ya7f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm 38.  i miscarried feb '14 from a surprise pregnancy following 15 yrs of infertility from what seemed untreatable pcos.  what prompted me to test in the first place was i was afraid i had breast cancer because suddenly my boobs hurt like i'd never experienced in my life.  i lost my little one at 6+5.  i wish i'd known more about pcos and pregnancy before because one thing i learned after was to keep an eye on progesterone levels as they will tend to not hold as well for pcosers.  after being completely devastated, worse than anything in my life i finally found the right dr who put me on the right medical protocol, got pregnant 5 months after my miscarriage and here i am at 33 weeks.  this time i felt different in the beginning.  more tired and nauseous.  the boob pain came but not as quickly as the first time.  and this time i took progesterone suppositories through my first trimester.  there is no guarantee if they made the difference or not but my point is that finding out your levels can sometimes help you make decisions about your care.  i just thought i'd share as it sounds like we have some parallels gong on here.  congratulations and welcome!
t3_dp0f8-t1_c11ure2-c11v5a6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	relevant to his point and your response.  a repost of a write up i did a *month* ago, to more breast cancer research.  it includes not only the above link, but many more and commentary comparing.  [original post]  i have issues with breast cancer research to begin with.  [cdc statistics - usa 2006](http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/breast/statistics/)  of 96% of the us population -191,410 women were diagnosed with breast cancer.*†  of 100% of the us population - 40,820 women died from breast cancer.*†  [national cancer institute](http://www.cancer.gov/cancertopics/types/breast)  &gt;estimated new cases and deaths from breast cancer in the united states in 2010:   new cases: 207,090 (female); 1,970 (male)  deaths: 39,840 (female); 390 (male)  right, right... ok now for the numbers.  firstly.  heart disease is the #1 killer in both men and women, and breast cancer research benefits women far more than men by a factor of over 100.   with a finite amount of wealth in the world any one cause pulls funds and attention away from other causes.  [cancer funding- does it add up? -ny times](http://well.blogs.nytimes.com/2008/03/06/cancer-funding-does-it-add-up/)  &gt;the big loser in the cancer funding race is lung cancer. it is the biggest cancer killer in the country, yet on a per-death basis receives the least n.c.i. funding among major cancers. in 2006, the n.c.i. spent $1,518 for each new case of lung cancer and $1,630 for each lung cancer death, according to data from the institute and the american cancer society.  &gt;among the big cancers, breast cancer receives the most funding per new case, $2,596 — and by far the most money relative to each death, $13,452. notably, prostate cancer, the most common cancer, receives the least funding per new case at just $1,318. but on a per-death basis it ranks second, with $11,298 in n.c.i. funds.  from comments  &gt;funding for ovarian cancer was $95.1 million. there were 20,180 new cases and 15,310 deaths. that translates to $6,212 per death and $4,713 per new case.  [us health and human services - nih](http://report.nih.gov/rcdc/categories/)  heart disease is reported to get about 1.267 billion in funding  breast cancer 765 million  ovarian cancer 108 million  prostate cancer 329 million  testicular cancer -less than 500,000 or reporting error.  breast cancer research alone, which practically speaking only benefits one sex,  approaches 60% of all heart disease funding.  oh, and the best part.  female life expectancy as of 2010: 81.43 years  male life expectancy as of 2010. .: 75.55 years  that's why i am "not for" breast cancer research.  one of my grandmothers had a mastectomy but my both my grandfathers were long dead before i was born.  [edit]  mastectomy vs other treatment options, mastectomy offers the best survival rate.  [survival rates same for conservation treatment or mastectomy for recurrent dcis](http://www.obgyn.net/newsheadlines/womens_health-breast_cancer-20040406-45.asp)  &gt;of the 1,136 patients, 286 had had a lumpectomy and radiotherapy, 444 had had a lumpectomy only, and 406 had had a mastectomy. after 10 years, cancer had recurred in the same breast (local recurrence) in 18% of those who underwent lumpectomy and radiotherapy, 30% of those in the lumpectomy only group, and 1.8% of women who had mastectomy. the rate of distant metastases (recurrences in distant parts of the body) was 2%, 1.2%, and 1%, respectively, while deaths from breast cancer were 2%, 0.7%, and 0%, respectively.
t3_2t7thk-t3_2t7thk-cnxg8gq	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5616	from the age of 7 my mam had mental breakdowns as she had bi polar, so i saw a lot of unhappy times during the age of 7 until about 13. it was only me and her and although when she was well she was fully functional and to look at her you wouldn't think she was ill in any way i would still have to order her medication and help her fill in forms and stuff because she hot confused a lot.    from 13 she was absolutely fine and didn't have anymore breakdowns, i still helped her a lot and was fiercely protective of her. she was more my best friend than my mam and we had a great relationship going out for lunch, shopping, spending lots of time together, watching movies just the usual.    she was diagnosed with cancer in 2009 for the 3rd time and again i looked after her, took her to consultant appointments and chemotherapy appointments to support her and to also make sure i knew exactly what the doctors were saying. she beat cancer again!    then she got breast cancer in 2013 and was diagnosed terminal in the december of 2013 😢 so this changed everything. she was still having treatment in the hope of shrinking the tumor but because of the type of rare cancer it was nothing slowed it down.    she deteriorated from the march so i quit my job and became her carer, changing dressings, giving her pain medication, making sure she was comfortable, she didn't want to go into a hospice so i cared for her at home until the end which was july 2013😢 my husband and i got married in the april of that year because i wanted her to be there, my whole life revolved around her.   i'm 26 now, 24 when she passed away and i don't regret looking after her at all, i'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
t3_24fm55-t1_ch7meab-ch7xq70	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	be supportive and comforting. people deal with it in many different ways, depending on their condition; how along they are.    the best thing you can do is be a good friend and listener, they may not want to talk about it at first, or they may want to just explode about all of what they are feeling; to each their own.  i know i didn't talk to anyone for a couple years about it especially because i didn't know how it was going to affect me at first.  now i'm more open with it; i don't bring it up, ever, unless asked about it. i was also embarrassed about it, if someone pointed out that i was quivering i would be embarrassed for weeks.  but my friends i've made through support online groups/forums, people have many different ways of dealing with what they have...  people will ask different things, "are you ok?" "do you need to rest?" the one i hate, "little to much caffeine today huh?". at first it gets old and you want to snap at people, but you just can't be offended about it.  not everyone thinks the worst or that there is anything wrong with you, most the time their making a friendly observation. they don't know.  you have to just roll with it, i still pick and choose who i tell based on how i think it will affect our relationship, or if i feel they need to know.  once it is out there things do change, even if your friends tell you it doesn't (probably why you asked this question, it does show that you care).  it's not a disease that you can spread (not contagious), it's something that you just have to deal with...  again, everyone is different, if your friend brings it up then you should be able to ask them how they are doing with it.  me personally, i love it when we don't bring it up and just go about my day, we all have enough to worry about in our lives that there is no need for me to say anything.  my brother has heart issues, my parents have cancer (mother has had breast cancer 3 times, small benign), aunt with lupus, etc. etc. etc... we only have one life, just live it to the best you can and be grateful for things you do have.    louis ck had a good quote on his show (i don't know if i've heard it anywhere else or if it is from something else, but it's good): “the only time you should look in your neighbor’s bowl is to make sure that they have enough. you don’t look in your neighbor’s bowl to see if... you have as much as them..." -others may have something else going on that could be worse than your situation.  you just never know.
t3_4dyg3y-t1_d1vnkeq-d1vo1hu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have one of my friends coming, fortunately, and they're either trans themselves or 100% supportive, so i have backup.  i actually tried that mastectomy line, and my mom won't hear it purely because she had a friend who got a breast reduction and then apparently had really horrible swelling on her arm. and that's what i told her, about the life threatening thing i mean, but she still won't listen to me about it. i don't know, honestly, she keeps saying "but even mastectomies are dangerous!!!"  hahaha, doubt that's going to happen. if it progresses to that point i'll let my surgeon know, but i'm trying to prevent it from having to get there and just have my arents reason it out with me.
t3_25xd29-t1_chln90e-chluyoa	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	look at it this way.  let's say that it is a tumor (which is by no means guaranteed).  the sooner you do something about it, the greater the odds that it will be treatable. **if you choose to ignore it entirely for long enough, and it is a tumor, you 100% guaranteed are choosing to die.**   i have an aunt who ignored her breast tumor for five years before her husband noticed it (it had gotten huge... she knew it was there the whole time but was in denial) and forced her into the doctor.  the doctor told her that her odds would have been very good if she'd gotten in right away, but she'd delayed things so long that they were less than 50/50.  her treatment regimen was much worse than it would have been if they'd caught it early as well.
t3_2johr5-t3_2johr5-cldo73k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i definitely experienced personality changes, and many other changes from going off the nuvaring a year ago. i feel more like myself, i'm more creative, i have a lot more libido and i'm getting back into my kinks. however, now my mood is all over the place whereas before it used to be very stable, almost to the point that it was boring. a lot of it is pms. on the nuvaring i didn't have pms. now i get depressed before my period and feel like my life is going to shit. last pms i freaked out and thought i had breast cancer and was going to die soon. this time i feel like i'm alone in the world and i have no friends. but overall i'd say going off the nuvaring was a good thing.
t3_1kachx-t1_cbn96iv-cbnams0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes it is.  if those chemicals have any effect against cancer they'd have similar side effect profiles to chemotheraputic drugs.  however, they're giving in such low doses their active chemical just produces mild side effects and negligible benefit.  they only reason they don't seem dangerous is the active chemical, if any, in these herbs is diffuse.  several chemo drugs are derived from plants and other natural sources, so would you think it okay to eat the plant as 'natural, safe medicine' but not take the self same chemical that gives it any benefit?  chemo drugs are safer because they actually isolate the chemical of interest instead of forcing the user to eat a plant with tons of other stuff in it.  chemo and radiation save lives, so its really quite stupid to call it poison.  sure they often have severe side effect profiles, but calling it poison is sensationalistic and naive.  you wouldn't call a radical mastectomy assault would you?  don't buy that hippie bs about herbalism being safe.  it only seems safe because the dosage is too low to do much harm or good.
t3_32oxp6-t3_32oxp6-cqdd3oa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7321	i have a long family history of breast cancer and am likely to get it in my lifetime. i stopped using anti-per spirants for this reason and switched to natural deodorant.   i run daily and lift weights 3-5x a week. i'm also running around all day (i get 10-15k steps in daily, average)   since switching to natural deodorant i have noticed a few things - at first i was so worried i would smell or be drenched. neither happened. i would apply 2x a day just to be sure.   it took me a few products to learn which suited my needs and scent preference. i need an active deodorant for my level of activity and prefer light scents so they don't compete with my perfume.   when i shaved my armpits at first they would be very sensitive. i began to apply thayer's alcohol-free toner post shaving then apply my deodorant and that made a difference. so did manual exfoliation with a scrub 2x a week.   ymmv, and i realize everyone "sweats" a different amount, but this really worked for me. and if i can do something to prevent a terrible disease then i'm all for it. several female friends have made the switch too and none of us would look back.
t3_1o8yuo-t1_ccpvc8j-ccpwb5n	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have lost family to breast cancer and i know the seriousness of the issue. what bothers me more is that all the corporations like the nfl that recognize this month, partner with the susan g komen charity to do so.  the charity has come under great scrutiny as they spent only something like 15% of their total donations on research and actually finding a cure. and while funding for the charity has dropped in recent years, her personal salary as ceo has gone up dramatically.   i don't mind the awareness campaign as much, i just dislike their charity partner.
t3_2hn61j-t1_cku8r2z-cku9mhj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	to be fair, i know how it feels if the doctor doesn't give satisfying answers/solutions. especially if you have a troublesome issue and the doc is downplaying/ignoring it. google does not help. i google "pinky finger hurts" and google tells me that i have breast cancer. i go to my doc, tell him i have breast cancer and he sends me home with an ibuprofen. how will that fix my breast cancer? ~&gt; so my expectations are crushed and i start crying.. and make a post about a fat shaming doctor online to get some attention.
t3_1fu1r8-t3_1fu1r8-caefcq8	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5955	my mom died about two years ago after a battle with breast cancer which lasted almost three years.  by the end, it was in her liver, lungs, and brain.  a letter came in the mail about six months after her death to remind her to schedule a mammogram.  i tried to stay calm as i called the office to say it wouldn't be necessary.    the receptionist decided to be to speak to me in a particularly rude tone.  "well, that's not our fault you got a reminder.  it's not our job to talk to the oncologist, but i guess we won't need to schedule an appointment then.  i'll see if i can get her records updated."  i hung up, cried, and put a hole in my bedroom wall.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jpev4	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've been lurking on reddit for years, but had to make an account as i was shocked at how similar your situation was to my wife’s breast cancer scenario 4 years ago. (our kids were 5 and 6 at that time.) we had 4 operations over 10 months, with operation number 3 being a full mastectomy with a tram flap breast reconstruction.  it was a very aggressive grade of cancer, but was also strongly hormone receptor positive which allowed us to avoid chemo and radiation; going with a 5 year zoladex and tamoxifen program instead. (3 ½ years in and no return so far:-)  great advice from everyone here, so i won’t reiterate what others have already touched upon. one piece of advice and one funny story i can add…  be prepared for talking to your children about what is going on and make sure that you frame it within an age appropriate construct that they can grasp. your 2 year old might be young enough that they won’t know what’s going on, but your 5 year old will certainly be able to know that something is up. we never told our kids what was happening with my wife’s sickness, as we didn’t want them to be worrying about things that they had no control over. despite our efforts to shield them from the truth, my 5 year old daughter knew that something serious was happening with her mom’s health. (presumably, she had overheard us talking during the weeks when we had the first 2 surgeries and was putting the pieces together in her little mind.) shortly after the second surgery, she looks me straight in the eyes with a concerned look on her face and asks, “daddy… is mommy going to die?” along with being a metaphorical kick in the gut on an emotional level, the question was unexpected and required an immediate answer. i couldn’t bust out, “let me get back to you on that one honey. lol”. i also knew that i couldn’t say, “don’t be silly!! mommy is going to be just fine.” after the second negative prognosis, things weren’t looking so bright and i knew that if i made that promise, she might hold it against me if the worst outcome possible became our reality. lacking any child psychology pedigree, i tried to be as reassuring as possible, while making it a bit of a learning experience at the same time. i told her that the chances of mommy dying were very small, but that we didn’t know for sure. i then went on to explain that death was a part of life, but tried to limit the complexity of the explanation to a level that a 5 year old could digest. long story short, you may want to be prepared for these kinds of questions before you’re broadsided at the breakfast table.  since you’re referencing louis c.k., i know that your sense of humor will hold you in good stead:-) we managed to keep ours through most of the ordeal and i can’t overemphasize how important that was in keeping our sanity intact. laugh at everything you can. as part of my wife’s mastectomy with reconstruction the surgeons had to remove the nipple and areola, leaving just the reconstructed breast. a few weeks after the operation, i was getting out of the shower and she started staring at my chest. after a few seconds she smiled and asked, “can i have your nipple?” to which i laughingly replied, “oh that would look attractive!! a male nipple with a 2 inch diameter tough of chest hair. you could grow it out and braid it!!” we still joke about nipple theft to this day. you’ve gotta be able to laugh.   i wish you and your family the absolute best of luck in the future. it’s treatable, it’s beatable, and you’ll be an even stronger person when you come out the other side with a smile on your face.
t3_1ovemq-t3_1ovemq-ccw6x53	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cancer needs as much awareness as possible.   i don't give a flying fuck of every single post is about cancer awareness.  do you have any idea how much cancer can affect a single family?  i'm not saying you don't, or that no one you know or love has suffered.   but i have lost 2 grandparents to breast cancer and my 4 year old niece is currently battling neuroblastoma.   cancer isn't a fucking joke.   the more posts, the better.   maybe that last post you read? maybe that post lead to someone donating that last 5 bucks a family needed for treatment.   maybe it lead to that last 50 bucks a family needed for a test that they couldn't pay for.   get the fuck off your reddit high-horse.   scroll past the posts. it takes a lot more effort to bitch about a worldwide pain than to simply ignore it.
t3_2hz7kd-t1_ckxfnuz-ckxiebe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6028	the mom of one semi-sjw friend i have died of breast cancer some years ago. she too reblogged this, tumblrina comments and all (plus some extra comments even more social-justice-cruzaderesque), and shared that rage because it is a very personal issue for her. she is obviously infuriated by the "save the tatas" thing, because for her, she would prefer to save her whole mom, not just her breasts.
t3_1b8p8w-t3_1b8p8w-c9ps6an	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5591	i am really late to this.. but ffs man up. my cousins have 3 little ones, one has a terrible disease that makes it painful for him to eat, he has been on the verge of death so many times. and my cousin's wife was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer last year. they have to go through all of this, with a sick kid and a wife going through chemo.  your baby is being a pain because you're allowing it to be. you need to provide it with some tough love, and stop using teenage babysitters. use adults. they'll be much better with colicky children than your 17-year-old neighbor (for example).
t3_2tba21-t1_cnxffp7-cnxjdbl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6752	they are good with the guilt ammo, but i pretty much grew amour to theirs and it no longer has any use on me. especially, after the horrible things both my mother and my father have said to me. even more so when my father told not just me, but bf and bf's family to basically f off. his family was nothing but nice the few times they interacted. they eventually pushed too far and i was done.   i almost went nc a few years earlier. they disowned me for all of two weeks and it was the best two weeks of my life until now. all because i was selfish and stayed at college to study for multiple tests and do homework instead of going to a breast cancer walk. my mom actually had breast cancer. i don't want to be insensitive because i know cancer is no joke, but my god you would have thought she had stage 4 and was dying. in reality it was like earliest possible detection, best chance of survival. she was too good to go to a support group, but wanted me instead to tell me how tired she was and how she still had to go to work, even intimate details of her bedroom times. she was too good to go to a group of people who would understand, but wanted a parade of people to walk with her at this relay.
t3_4jfttm-t1_d36ib0u-d36j1dk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	things that will make your dog not trust you: getting shots, cleaning teeth, trimming its nails, an attack while on a walk. you can easily avoid all parts of owning a dog as a slippery slope to distrust. though i applaud your want to build a strong connection i feel you're undervaluing some thoughts and over inflating others. it's not just owner convenience. unaltered males are destructive. they're basically super charged 14 year old boys with no sense of social politeness. they become uneasy cause they're always on the hunt. (the "slow" people always talk about is this, it's a calm, it's the dog not feeling like he's constantly not fulfilled). more intact males are surrender because they can be difficult as well at the fact that 86% of pets hit by cars are unfixed males (they're more prone to break out in order to find a mate). puppies are not just expensive when they're born and with first days of care for them but also it is difficult to find housing (no one believes this but it's true). unless you already have potential owners ready to go it is going to be a bitch. everyone wants a puppy till someone offers them one. there's a reason there are so many dogs in the pound. and finally as far as cancer. if i knew i had a genetic disposition to breast cancer and no health insurance i would rather them take my tits than take my life.
t3_44c57q-t3_44c57q-czpbdbq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've seen it twice already. i have a friend who hasn't seen it yet, and it scheduled to go in to have a double mastectomy next weekend. she really wants to see the movie with me first. it's not any sort of punishment to see star wars a third time, especially with my friend.
t3_1kgqns-t3_1kgqns-cboz3m3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi b_i_p,  i'm really sorry you're going through this. my mother decided to stop treatments for breast cancer after a long, long battle with chemos and side effects (10+ years). i fully support her, even though my heart is breaking.  has your father signed up with hospice? if not (and if it is available to you), please call them immediately. they will hold his, and your, hands throughout. they will do everything possible to keep him comfortable - they will help him with medications to treat pain, even just sit with him if his family needs some time to run errands. they will bathe him if he needs help with that. they will provide support to you as well, and will maintain your father's dignity. they are a wonderful organization, and i urge you to talk to them. they will come to your father and your family to explain everything. they are experienced, qualified, and compassionate.  signing up with hospice seems to have revived my mother for now. a weight has been lifted from her shoulders, and she can now focus on coming to peace with the journey ahead.   please keep us in mind if you need a place to come to share your pain and frustration.
t3_35aa5i-t1_cr2w3ty-cr2ypht	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had breast cancer, too. she'd found a lump, gotten a referral through her gp and made an appointment with dr smith. the day of her appointment, she shows up and they scramble a bit because they don't have her in their system. my mom's almost completely deaf and is hard to understand, speaking-wise, due to a stroke, so i think they just thought they'd fucked it up. no problem, she gets in to see the doctor and dude's pretty high speed, has a machine for the mammogram there, does it himself, does a biopsy too, same day. she had her results back quickly and was started on chemo within two weeks or less.   6 weeks later, dr smith's office calls, does she want to reschedule since she missed her appointment? she said, what are you talking about? turns out there were two dr smiths in the same building, one carol smith and one doug smith, and she'd gone to the wrong one. she got the gung-ho doctor by mistake, instead of the one whose staff couldn't even be bothered to follow up on a missed appointment for 6 weeks.    **tl;dr** mom ignoring first names might have saved her life. cancer free for ten years now!   edit: fixed mobile formatting.
t3_49t23u-t3_49t23u-d0vhsbt	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6617	sending you and your mum lots of good wishes.  what your mum will need is people to look after her during chemo, plus someone to research cancer. there is a lot to learn!  everyone reacts to chemo differently. i was walking an hour every day during mine. you won't know what she is in for until the first infusion. the worst side effect may be nausea and they have lots of drugs to help with that.  i'm assuming your mother has breast cancer. even if it has spread to her lymph, liver and bone, it is still just breast cancer. they have lots of drugs to try these days. if one doesn't work, the next one might. the uncertainty in response to treatment is common to all cancer patients. it isn't just your mum. you don't know till you give it a try.  hang in there. it's a marathon not a sprint.
t3_g1mqk-t3_g1mqk-c1ka9fa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6737	whatever you do because you chose it is feminist. but i'll tell you about my experience with plastic surgery. you'll know it's a real story because i didn't draw any black and white conclusions from it. so here goes: i got a nose job as a graduation gift when i was 18. the plastic surgeon who smoothed an unwanted bump out of the bridge of my nose and narrowed the tip out a bit had given my grandmother breast implants following her double mastectomy due to breast cancer the year before. so, we trusted him. and he did a very, very good job. i was extremely pleased with the results and remain happy to this day. shortly after my nose job, at a check-up appointment, i asked him about getting a boob job. i don't even fill out an a cup bra and as such don't even wear bras. he looked conflicted - really torn up - and then told me he wouldn't do it. he said he would refer me to another surgeon, but he couldn't do it. he said he cared about my family and i, and that with all the tissue stretching i would have to go through, all the pain and risks and potential unhappiness, he just couldn't do it. this was a guy who stood to make thousands of bucks, and he said he just couldn't recommend it as somebody who knew and cared about me and my family.  i stopped being interested in a boob job right then and just got happy with my own flat chest. just something to think about.
t3_24qszc-t3_24qszc-chalwu1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed early last year. she underwent mastectomy and chemo and is quite alright right now. she under goes regular checkups for signs of the disease coming back. she gained a bit of weight during the whole process but other than that and the hair falling off (which grew back though) nothing major to report. keep your mom company and try to be as positive as you can. sometimes it can be very difficult but as churchill said "if you are going through hell, keep going".
t3_3fnd6n-t3_3fnd6n-ctq63ym	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	holy wow. message received, huh??  glad you're ok, and so sorry about your car. i know i'm attached to mine. that poor guy, he never got the message until it was too late. stay strong! my mom just got diagnosed with breast cancer and things feel rough for me, but drinking will only make them worse. here's to staying sober and learning how to have a healthy coping mechanism.
t3_48eyuv-t3_48eyuv-d0ja00t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sorry to be "that guy" but i want to clear up a lot about that number. basically almost all big charities are run like businesses and they reinvest donations into events to get more money.  example:   if a charity raised $400,000 in 2015 they might hire and event planner and throw a dinner and a charity run. the dinner they will need to get staff, hire a planner, get someone to collect money, someone with the right connections maybe make an award, sound engineer, maybe a famous chef and get a band. for the run they may have to hire more staff to coordinate the run, spend money on advertising, get t shirts made, make trophies, get someone to organize the run, get someone to get permits, file taxes and so on. when it is all said and done they might spend 350,000 on both events but can potentially make 2-5 million dollars. then then take that money and spend it on new events, more staff and expanding the charity. there is a great ted talk i will link below. my numbers might be wrong but it was something like a charity was bringing in 20 million dollars but spent 15 on events. they were dismantled and the following year they only brought in something like  $50,000. so is it better to spend 15 million make 1,000 jobs and pump 15 into the economy and 5 million into research or better to do nothing and donate 50k into research?   edit from the talk: "aids rides and breast cancer 3-day events, which raised $582 million in nine years." "we made this money by running full page ads in the new york times, radio ads and marketing. how much money would we have made if we just put up some flyers in the laundromat?"  more info: https://www.ted.com/talks/dan_pallotta_the_way_we_think_about_charity_is_dead_wrong?language=en#t-6228  edit edit: i found this chart about the charity spending.  http://imgur.com/w9dkdls research (20.9%) public health education (39.1%), health screening services (13.0%) and about 10% goes to fund-raising costs
t3_47aadj-t1_d0de1nz-d0e8ecd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; moral of the story? no one knows your body more than you. if you feel something's wrong, and they're not listening to you, be your own advocate! insist they look harder! see a different doctor!  anyone reading this who isn't sure - please listen to this! i saw six different doctors and had an *elective* lumpectomy with a plastic surgeon which led to my diagnosis. don't let anyone tell you that you're too young or too paranoid. you know your body. listen to it.
t3_1dk2ms-t1_c9r31kq-c9r361y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5032	to tell you the truth, i'm not concerned anymore. the doctors said a relapse this far into after care is rare. but the doctors said i may get a secondary cancer from the chemo. i have a friend that survived breast cancer and the treatments gave her aml, another type of leukemia that is chronic.
t3_wqn7h-t3_wqn7h-c5fn11l	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6529	this is amazing! i am a d on one side and barely a b on the other side. (i had a lumpectomy from breast cancer on one side and they were mostly evenish until i got pregnant and now they are completely uneven as one prepares for baby and is lactating and the other was radiated and surgeried so close to the nipple that it is not reacting to pregnancy at all.) after i breastfeed and things move back to normal, this is a great place to look for a bra! i am using the genie bra while pregnant and have cut away one side of a very padded bra to stuff the right side, which is also working well. but i'd love to have the bra created for me without me padding things.
t3_1clwn4-t3_1clwn4-c9i3ti7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5992	five years ago i was diagnosed with breast cancer.  three weeks later my 24 yr old son fell down the stairs and had a massive bleed to the brain.  i had to postpone my surgery to organize a funeral. i had a call from my friend to say that she had organized all the music for the service. i was pretty stunned but told her that it was something i needed to do.  she called back 20 minutes later crying - telling me that i was being cruel as she was going through a real bad time as her friend (me) had cancer and my son was dead.  she told me i had to apologize.
t3_wf8r0-t3_wf8r0-c5csx92	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6891	i'm sorry for this bad run of loss and luck you seem to be in. my condolences to you and your family.   to answer your question: there's no one thing you can do except learn from the loss that you must seize the now. it may take some time for you to determine what your channel is, but do channel your energy into something instead of thinking *someday*... as for me, in the space of three years i graduated with poor grades and a useless bachelor's degree and began work in a field i didn't care about. i then lost my mother to aggressive breast cancer (from first symptoms to death in less than two months). after that, i held two soul-crushing, dead-end jobs. i finally realized i had to stop feeling sorry for myself and fucking do something about it. today, three more years later, i finished a master's degree with top marks and am starting my phd. i'm happier now than ever before, though i do still think often of and miss my mother.   just turn your experience around. make it mean something.
t3_1dl7km-t1_c9rqorz-c9rslhb	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5702	interesting.. you do realize that there are more deaths in hopsitals today than any other cause of deaths, right? of course they don't like what holistic dr.s have to say, because they could make western medicine look bad. western medicine dr.s haven't impressed me much compared to natural medicine to be honest. natural medicine looks for the root of the cause, and ways the fix a disease. not mask it.    i have a friend who fought breast cancer before, and now regrets going through chemo because it killed healthy blood cells and good gut bacteria/flora. because of the radiation treatment and chemo therapy she recieved before, she is now battling stage 4 bone cancer. turned out that she has candida overgrowth and parasites, which of course western medicine didn't think to look for. and now because chemo, radiation, and antibiotics, her gut and body are having a harder time fighting those things off. she is currently healing naturally. juicing and taking care of her gut health. most people in her situation wouldn't be able to function the way she does, and everyone says that she's the 'healthiest stage 4 bone cancer patient' they've ever seen. according to western medicine, she only has one more month to live. but since she's rockin it all natural and doing better than expected, she's making a goal to be around til next christmas.  i suffer from candida overgrowth and parasites myself. ironically i have tumors and blood clots too ;) western medicine kept trying to diagnose me as ibs or crohn's disease. they looked over the most  important symptoms and took forever just to get a test or 2 done. took 2 years for tumors in my lymphatic system and blood clots throughout my body to be found. without the help of homeopathic dr.s, accupuncurist, saliva tests, plus live blood and dry blood analysis- the hypercalcemia, adrenal stress, tumors, blood clots, organ/gut inflamation, mercury poisoning, arsenic poisoning, and other viruses never would have been found. because i made the switch to natural medicine, i'm not only feeling better and shrinking the tumors, but plan to have my disease reversed in a few months.   medicine is for sick people. doesn't heal just masks. even g.i. specialists are acknowledging more and more that health begins at the gut. if you eat crap, buy off the dollar menu, than take medicine to mask the symptoms, you can't expect to look and feel like a million bucks. but if you take care of your body the right way, you won't need medicine because you're healing and cleansing yourself from the inside out.
t3_495pk7-t3_495pk7-d0papr2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am slightly embarrassed to say that i have man-boobs and breast cancer is not uncommon in men... be that i am in my 30s, this post reminds me that i need to swallow my pride and get checked.
t3_49bhb6-t3_49bhb6-d0r1jft	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have done two 24hr mechathons for the breast cancer research foundation and both times i have begged russ for hot pink.  he just won't do it.  even tina and laura want it, but not russ.  russ likes breast cancer for some reason.
t3_3au0sp-t3_3au0sp-csgaawc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fyi, the following "special interest" plates are currently listed don the dmv website. (i am not pasting the college or military plates).   https://www.dmv.virginia.gov/vehicles/#splates/category.asp?category=s  * afl-cio  * alpha kappa alpha sorority  * alpha phi alpha  * animal friendly  * appalachian trail  * association of realtors  * aviation enthusiasts  * bicycle enthusiasts  * blue ridge parkway  * blue ridge parkway motorcycle  * boat us  * bowler  * breast cancer foundation-va  * butterfly heritage  * chesapeake bay  * chesapeake city  * choose life  * civil war  * class j no. 611 steam locomotv  * clean special fuel  * clean special fuel (for hire)  * colonial williamsburg  * credit unions  * cure childhood cancer  * cure childhood cancer motorcycle  * delta sigma theta sorority  * diabetes  * don't tread on me  * don't tread on me motorcycle  * don't tread on me truck  * drive smart  * ducks unlimited  * eastern shore  * fairfax city  * family/children fund - hand  * family/children fund - heart  * family/children fund - star  * family/children fund-kids 1st  * fight terrorism  * fight terrorism motorcycle  * firefighter (volunteer)  * fox hunting license plate  * fraternal order of police  * freemason  * friends of coal  * friends of coal motorcycle  * friends of tibet  * greyhound adopt  * harley davidson owners group  * harley owners group motorcycle  * home education  * horse enthusiasts  * in god we trust  * in god we trust motorcycle  * internet capital  * james river park system  * james river park system motorcycle  * kappa alpha psi  * kids eat free  * knights of columbus  * law officers mem. motorcycle  * law officers memorial  * lighthouses (virginia)  * lions of virginia  * most worshipful prince hall  * nasa langley research center  * national air &amp; space museum  * national rifle association  * natural bridge  * northern neck  * omega psi phi fraternity  * order of the eastern star  * organ donor  * organ donor motorcycle  * parrothead motorcycle  * parrotheads  * peace  * peace begins at home  * poquoson city  * professional firefighter-int'l  * professional firefighter-int'l motorcycle  * protect pollinators  * rescue squad  * robert e. lee  * rotary international  * shenandoah national park  * shenandoah national park motorcycle  * shriner  * smith mountain lake  * sons of confederate veterans  * sons of confederate vets - mc  * surfrider foundation  * tobacco heritage  * tobacco heritage truck  * trust women, respect choice  * united we stand  * united we stand motorcycle  * unlocking autism  * virginia agriculture  * virginia beach city  * virginia for the arts  * virginia society of cpas  * war of 1812  * washington capitals  * washington nationals  * washington redskins  * wildflower  * wildlife bass  * wildlife bear  * wildlife bluebird  * wildlife brook trout  * wildlife eagle  * wildlife mallard  * wildlife turkey  * wildlife whitetail deer
t3_1kqsyb-t1_cbs11aq-cbs9ciu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7235	hey debbie downer, way to make this post all about your discomfort with the op's spirituality.    positive thought whether in the form of prayer, karma, vibes, etc is a powerful force and the ops doctor has hit the nail on the head.  the medical community did all it could do in this case and ops prognosis has exceeded what the experts in this field thought was the probable outcome. it is a gift.  i am truly sorry for your loss and the pain her husband and kids must be going through.  i am also the father of 4, my wife was diagnosed 6 months ago and has had a double mastectomy and is doing chemo now.  this situation has neither strengthened nor weakened my beliefs and the "what if" runs through my mind everyday.  i see this as neither a blessing or a curse, just my story. not something to parlay against those whose story is different.  let's celebrate the medical community, your support system and also the force that is unexplained, some people call it god.  ops prayers were answered, this is a gift. this is also ops story, not yours.  spread love like peanut butter y'all.
t3_1d7w31-t3_1d7w31-c9nvlyl	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this looks like one of those situations where the bra just does not fit the shape of your breasts. looking at the side panels they seem to assume your breast tissue stops right before your arm pit and many larger breasted women (myself included) have breast tissue that continues to the side of the breast. not due to migration - just due to genetics. when my mom had her mastectomy her sides ached from them scraping off the breast tissue and the surgeon told her it's completely normal for larger breasted women to have tissue there.  out of curiosity, have you given any thought to the panache ariza? wait wait. hear me out. i know it can be tricky to fit and you have to sorta "break it in" but once you do it fits like a glove. while it's listed as a balconette, the gore is very low in the larger cup sizes. the band does have to stretch out so make sure you order a 36 (you might have to use an extender for the first couple wears but you seem like me in that you can comfortably fit in 34's and 36's) and some people have had issues with the underwire digging into the armpit the first couple wears as well. i know it seems like a lot of work for one bra but it is literally my favorite bra and i have so many bras and yet i still wear this one pretty much every day. if you're a tiny person (under 5'5") with a shorter torso then maybe not try it but as someone who is 5'8" it's awesome!
t3_1wookr-t1_cf4295w-cf44f3z	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7171	your is a very inspiring story. one of my relatives got diagnosed with breast cancer 2 months into her pregnancy at age 34. also recently married. life happens. she really wants the baby and has decided to take the cancer head on. she went through lumpectomy and now starting chemo while going through pregnancy.  she is definitely staying strong, but it has been draining on the close loved ones as they fight the battle along with her. do you have any advice on how to stay strong and provide her the support?
t3_np9sh-t1_c3az9v2-c3azd3z	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6784	i have nearly died twice in my life (salmonella as a kid, and falling 20 feet down a ~250 foot cliff), had an extremely severe allergic reaction, been convinced i had burst appendix (both doctors thought that was the case too until x-rays disproved it), and had a cancer scare. i also watched my mother slowly die to breast cancer over seven years, and my grandfather descend into dementia. trust me when i say i am familiar with my mortality. in every case, the desire was to fix the problem, not give up and dive headfirst into it, with the exception of falling off a cliff (you don't even have time to form any thoughts beyond "i guess this is how i die" in that situation).  i know what you're talking about when it comes to panic with regards to things you think you are going to leave undone, and things you will never be able to do - but rejecting a doctor's orders when his intent to save my life was crystal clear? never even crossed my mind. even my mother refused to give up once it was clear her chances were grim - and she pulled through that part of her treatment (later dieing completely unexpectedly once things seemed to be clearing up).
t3_47rtn9-t3_47rtn9-d0f7a56	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5032	i can't tell you what to do in this situation, because you have to live with the result. but in my situation, i had discovered my mom had breast cancer when i was pregnant with my first child. my brother told me, but shetold him not to tell me. she waited until right after his birth to tell me, and then got upset that i already knew. i didn't call her when i found out because, well, she didn't want me to know. then she told me that she was only telling me so for genetic reasons, but then said she wasn't going to be tested for braca gene mutation, because she knew i would need her results to be tested myself, and she didn't want me to be tested. i didn't call her throughout her treatment, because i still didn't want much of a relationship with her, and i didn't want this to be what sucked me back in. she is fine now, but it's always something new. i'm not willing to be hurt by her anymore, so i keep everything at arms distance when it comes to her. she hasn't proven to have changed at all since her cancer diagnosis. she is still cruel, controlling, and abusive to the family members that she has left. i feel like i made the right decision.
t3_1qudj8-t3_1qudj8-cdgqgi2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	adults don't have bullies because adults confront people that bother them, or they tune them out of their lives. don't chose to be a victim.   i've never been "bullied" by an adult, but i have worn a pink breast cancer shirt to the gym before. some weak fat guy and his friend were clearly making jokes about me while lounging around the smith machine and struggling to lean against 45 lbs, so i walked up to them and asked if they had "a fuckin' issue with something i was doing." they looked shocked/scared that i would even approach them and quickly slipped into the "uhh, no, uhh, we just, uh my aunt had breast cancer so its cool bro, uhh."  if you don't want to be walked over, taken advantage of, bullied, etc. then you don't have to be.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cds6hv9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was watching tv and just sitting on my couch. i absently petted my right breast, and then suddenly, the hair on my whole body stood up as i realized i was feeling a lump the size of a walnut. things progressed rapidly, and by the time i got a biopsy, the tumor was over 10 centimeters and there was fluid leaking from my nipple. stage iii in july 2012, now post-bilateral mastectomy and two different kinds of chemo, i'm sitting ned and pretty at iib (it made it to the lymph nodes).
t3_43upk1-t1_czmaosh-cznfhmu	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yes, ned is no evidence of disease. i don't have glioblastomia. i have breast cancer and have been fortunate to have it surgically removed with every recurrence since it has always shown up as a single tumour, my last recurrence was on my lung.   i can only imagine the frustration of trying to get someone treated when they aren't cooperative. is he able to communicate why he's ripping off the pads? are they itchy, uncomfortable? 18 hours is a long time.   is it possible to get a home care nurse for a couple of hours a day? so that you can go for a walk, grab a coffee, anything to catch your breath for a bit?
t3_4k5wpd-t1_d3cmsm3-d3da9qi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had breast cancer because of webmd and not realizing my bf honked my boob hard enough to bruise it. webmd has to be a leading cause of anxiety by now.
t3_23h69w-t3_23h69w-cgwy055	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8262	this one is a little darker, but there was a woman (a lawyer) who felt a breast lump and ignored it. it got bigger, and she ignored it. it wasn't until the cancer had *eroded through the skin and started staining her clothes* that she thought she'd see a doctor. she was in her 50s and "too busy" to see anyone. she didn't make it to 60.
t3_2ta2fi-t3_2ta2fi-cnxh891	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you can do this. you're right, you will get back to your life before you know it. having this kind of surgery and treatment, and dealing with having cancer in general can be a traumatic and at times a totally surreal experience. but at the end of it all you come out a stronger, more mentally resilient person. you can do this.  i'm 25 with a genetic mutation too. had liver and kidney surgery and a mastectomy last year so i understand some of what you are going through. it can be hard being ill so young, when you have to rest and recover and all your mates are out having fun, but you will be out having fun with them again before too long! hopefully you have a good network of friends and family around you. don't be afraid to ask them to do stuff for you if you don't well. they want to be useful.  for the times when you feel overwhelmed or scared - close your eyes, take deep slow breaths and repeat after me: i can do this  feel free to message me when you're up and about, i'd love to know how you got on. x
t3_2qm3ix-t1_cn7hbxs-cn7hi20	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's really why we have the guidelines.  i have no breast cancer under 30 (where genetic cancers like brca1/2 show up) in my family. the odds of it being cancer was ridiculously low.  plus, the biopsy already showed it to be benign! when patient is scared, it's easy to give in i guess but surgery is nothing to mess with.  oh well, nothing happened and my boob is fine.  except for a crappy scar that you can see in a bikini.
t3_2rehq0-t1_cnfdcak-cnfgzle	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no i do understand what you ate trying to say. i do feel like some cancers get far more attention then others breast cancer being a good example. i have no hate for wanting breast cancer to be researched for but it gets far more money then all the forms of childhood cancers combined. so i try to do charity work with several different organizations to help raise awareness.
t3_15tpn3-t1_c7pqq3g-c7pqvns	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well it for sure was something surgical, it looked like it had two cuts on each side and one straight across the boob.  if i had to guess it would be a breast cancer biopsy.  the issue for me was that i couldn't ask.  i knew the rules man, this was a one night stand, and that was it.  surely me asking would have brought the sex to a grinding halt, i just had to go with the flow.
t3_2i48fl-t1_ckyup6g-ckz662e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you're right, i do agree, but unfortunately the majority of people don't like talking about stuff which depresses them, they tried to run an awareness campaign in the uk recently for one of the cancers with the lowest survival rate (unfortunately i've forgotten which one) where the campaign focused on people who had this cancer where they were quoted as saying things like "i wish i had breast cancer" or "i wish i had prostate cancer" because they would have a higher survival rate.  these were actual quotes, but people reactions? "omg that's disgusting, you can't run a campaign like that!"  they didnt like the idea that some people had such a small chance of living that they actually envied those with breast/ prostate cancer...
t3_1qh5sw-t1_cdcwah0-cdcwrhk	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	shock!! i was in complete shock. especially after being told i was too young to have breast cancer. then of course the fear sank in heavily in my stomach. i felt so sick inside. and scared. that i was going to die soon, just like they said. the initial news of hearing you have cancer takes you on such an emotional roller coaster ride. all levels of emotions. and some that you certainly don't want to explore. but at the end of the day, cancer has happened now so… the question i asked myself is, what am i going to do about this!? i did neoadjavent treatment starting with chemo first then surgery and radiation. once i was out of radiation i started traveling, marking places off my bucket list. and had a lot of fun! i gave myself things, trips and experiences to look forward to which in a sense, seems to keep me going year after year. staying excited to be alive, feeling gratitude for the "wake up call" and paying forward what i know now is my green juice for continuing to kick cancer' ass.
t3_2h7gls-t3_2h7gls-ckqhguo	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have been going through chemo for breast cancer since may.  my cancer is big, they are shrinking it before surgery.  it was not caught early.  i always have my down days a couple of days after.  this is when i usually try to be with friends.  i don't need a lot, just knowing someone is there means the world to me.  your mom is very lucky to have you there and i'm pretty sure she knows it.  you are a champion.
t3_161s66-t1_c7s00t2-c7s27cg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6721	"actually sir, i had a double mastectomy due to breast cancer and have 7in scars where my breasts were. i spent so much money on my survival that i have to have this second job for the foundation in order to feed my two children. now what was your address again?"
t3_1edkst-t1_c9zb0y7-c9zcaz0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think it was more of an advocacy thing. a lot of people don't realize that they are potentially at a huge risk for whatever reason it may be. she's saying, 'here i am, i had this risk, you could to. go get checked out, so you can survive." i don't find what she did rageful. if i had a big risk of breast cancer in my family, i would probably be inspired to go get checked for my risk levels.   some people need to know that she did it so that they know maybe they can save their lives by doing it too.
t3_1dn9c7-t3_1dn9c7-c9ryq3w	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6713	this is a bit of a sad story, but it has a happy ending.  when i was in college, i studied abroad in japan for a year. we couldn't afford visits, so i didn't see my mom for 10 months. my parents divorced when i was fairly young and my mom raised me, so we're very close. i didn't see her much at college anyway, but 10 months was still hard. we planned to talk a lot on skype and through email.  when i got to japan, my host family told me they didn't have internet access that i could use, so i would be without the internet at home my entire time there. i had an email-capable cell phone, so i ended up emailing my mom a lot, but our skype plans were severely limited. i only had internet access at school. there was a 13-hour time difference, and due to my schedule, we would only be able to skype when it was the middle of the night for her. she told me to tell her what time i'd be calling, and she would stay up to talk to me... until 1, 2, sometimes 3 in the morning.  when i got back from japan, my grandparents greeted me at the airport. one of the first things they told me was that something had happened to my mom and not to be upset. they walked me over to where she was sitting, waiting for me, in a wheelchair. then they told me that she'd been diagnosed with breast cancer while i was in japan, and she'd just had a mastectomy. they'd kept it from me for months because they knew i would quit school and fly home, and they didn't want me to miss out on my education.  my mother didn't miss a single skype call, at 3 in the morning when she had work the next day, even when she was on chemo, and even when she'd just had major surgery. in all those skype calls, she never told me she was sick, because she wanted me to have the opportunities she missed by not finishing college. a lot of tears were shed.  there's a happy ending: my mom is now 5+ years cancer-free. we live on opposite sides of the country, but i'm flying down to see her in three weeks, and we're spending our "spring break" in florida together. she's wacky and i sometimes feel like i'm *her* mom. :)  i don't want to enter the giveaway, i just wanted to share a story about what an awesome person my mom is. love you, mom, even though you'll never read this!
t3_25mvua-t1_chj0m3r-chj22an	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5723	i went to a genetic counseling seminar, and one of the women there was a patient who had had a double mastectomy because she had one of the brca mutations and what her oncologist called a stage 0 tumor. she had debated getting the mastectomy done for a while because hadn't had kids yet, but she decided that it was more important for her to be there to raise her children than to spend a single year breastfeeding.  she also said that hearing breastfeeding horror stories from friends and family members after she had the procedure done just verified that she had made the right choice.
t3_4y5ycy-t3_4y5ycy-d6n5rpn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6546	definitely help around the house. my mom had a mastectomy and it interfered with her mobility in the arm on that side. hers was on the right so i assumed it would be a bigger deal; that was when she decided to tell me she was born left-handed! lol  listen to her. my mom confided in me that she feared my dad would no longer find her attractive. it helped her to have someone to talk to about it. meanwhile, my dad took me out to lunch and confided that he was so scared that he was going to lose her (she's been cancer-free for almost 30 years).  it was an emotional time, but our relationships were stronger after that.
t3_4lfjif-t1_d3mzybe-d3n15fr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5447	this exact scenario happened to my mom when she got breast cancer in 2008. :( our insurance told us they'd cover radiation so she began going through it. towards the end they pulled the undisclosed pre-condition bullshit and said they were no longer going to pay for the radiation treatment she'd already gone through. so we had to sell our house to begin covering the costs and had to live with relatives, all while my moms battling cancer. it's so fucked up and makes me so happy to have moved to australia now.
t3_1cm67n-t1_c9hweu4-c9hwhuq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8607	i have done, my grandmother survived breast cancer too, i was under the impression they did it in the case of depression, etc. too but it seems this is very rare.
t3_2i48fl-t1_ckytzdt-ckywf4p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in fairness,  the reason it exists is because of someone having their heart in the right place.  deangelo williams brought it to the league as it was something he was passionate about following his aunt and mother both being diagnosed with breast cancer (both have since passed away).   at the same time,  the nfl likely would have ignored it if it wasn't something they could then use to make even more profit and attempt to grow a larger fan base.
t3_1kbq91-t1_cbngfgk-cbo2bpx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my ex was the same way, he was never there for me, but i was always there for him. like one time i had a breast cancer scare, my doctor found some lumps and i had to come for a second check up. i told him about it and he knew about it, yet the day i went for my appointment he didn't offer to come with me and i didn't even hear from him all day until i called him at like 8pm! and it was friday which we would usually hang out, but he wasn't even planning on calling me. then he had the audacity to ask me "well did you get your birth control?" as if that's all he cared about. it made me so sad and that's when i started to realize i wasn't happy with him.  i'm optimistic that i'll find someone much better and i'll love again, glad that you did!
t3_4b7oqt-t3_4b7oqt-d17he48	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last fall i had a breast cancer scare. it all turned out just fine, thankfully, but after my biopsy i tried to put on one of my two ill-fitting bras...and noticed the wire poked my boob in just the spot they were concerned about. living in a remote area where the best place to buy bras is a run-down sears, i didn't know how to help myself. as fate would have it, i stumbled upon a post on pinterest about bra fitting, and i am now happily wearing bras purchased off the internet that somewhat fit. (i'm still learning a lot!) that experience made me mad, though. mad that i'd never learned how a bra should fit, mad that many women's bra options are limited, and mad that my own ignorance probably led to one of the scariest episodes in my life. (i have no scientific evidence of this, but it seems likely). i came to this reddit because i'm now bravanglizing everyone i can, but feel like i need to learn a lot more to be good at it. i'm so thankful for the expertise here. knowledge is certainly power.
t3_1ohpvr-t1_ccs1x47-ccs46gv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5994	right there with ya, i had breast cancer very young and when i had to supplement with bottles you would think i was torturing my child. that dreaded nipple confusion was apparently enough to cause severe mental retardation in my baby. the look of horror on the self righteous bitches faces when i informed them i had to supplement due to my baby ingesting and spitting up blood from my cracked nipple made up for it just a wee bit.
t3_2gtp9t-t3_2gtp9t-ckmnlc4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5102	i asked for help from the susan b. koman foundation because i was diagnosed with breast cancer and wouldn't have been able to pay for treatment... they turned me away and said that since i was already diagnosed, (and not by their van that supposedly goes around) that they couldn't help, and when i argued with them how that didn't make sense, they said that's not how they help anyway.... okay, well, they don't really do shit. never contributed to them again.
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdf3w1p	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not one myself, but my mom was showering [november of 2001] and said she felt a lump. went in to the doctor and they ran their tests, turned out she had breast cancer. chemo, radiation, removal of the breast, some experimental drugs and two years later she beat it.  six years later [jan 21st, 2007] she developed a nasty cough that just wouldn't go away. she went in to the doctor to find that she has cancerous cells everywhere. lungs, liver, stomach, heart, spleen. if it was there, it had cancer in it.  she eventually got control of the cough, but the drugs started to take the life out of her. her and her doctors decided to stop treatment so she could feel somewhat better and actually live, rather than being so weak and tired all the time.  she died october 1st, 2009.
t3_1exmts-t3_1exmts-ca4up5k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5183	i have a friend that is a breast cancer survivor who had a double mastectomy.  she had breast reconstruction surgery and just had her areola tatoos yesterday.  they gave her a choice of shapes and one of them was hearts.
t3_1y8yii-t1_cfillvz-cfis7uj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.791	sorry for your loss :-( one of my aunts on my dad's side died in september after her breast cancer came back, end-stage. i am 15 now, and i understood from the moment i was told it had returned to the next day when we went to stay down there for a couple of nights to the waiting and asking and depleting emails to the night when i didn't sleep to waking up and being told she'd died. i have had a great-grandfather (maternal), great aunt (maternal), grandfather and two aunts (all paternal) die from cancer, and when my other aunt and my granddad had cancer i was 2-3 years old, and my parents told me my aunt (stomach cancer) had a "lump in her tummy" and then when i was older and started learning about cancer, i understood…it's a bit different to dying, i can't remember how they explained that…but hopefully that's of some use?
t3_1pgful-t1_cd2cv63-cd2p5yb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	for a moment i had no idea what you were talking about. that's how little of an impact a "i have breast cancer scene and i'm dying" scene had on me. that shows how bad that movie is. how can you make that kinda scene unimpactful
t3_1je15z-t3_1je15z-cbe00v4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7593	i had breast cancer last year.  it didn't bring me any closer to god.  i thank the doctors did an amazing job.   best of luck to you.   if you can make it to md anderson in houston medical center they do amazing things and never turn anyone away.
t3_g5m3i-t3_g5m3i-c1l37m8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am incredibly happy to see this. i have lost a few family members to breast cancer and it means so much to see a positive outcome. i have goosebumps i'm so happy. it's amazing how a stranger from halfway around the world can make my day.
t3_1ftpc6-t1_cads6ha-cadsx9f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	agreed, i look forward to a reopening of the debate.    i believe in the sentiment of universal healthcare, but realistically the current delivery of healthcare in canada is a badly designed system that it needs to be changed.  we gather every sick person into the same building, regardless of acuity, where wait times are extreme and a significant proportion will become sick on top of whatever they came in with, with drug-resistant hospital-associated infections (hais), which already kill more people in the united states than hiv, breast cancer and car accidents [combined](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/judith-johnson/hospital-acquired-infections_b_834425.html).  we have population statistics, we know how many of which kinds of procedures need to be conducted annually and where.  we should be completely overhauling the system such that specific offices/clinics treat specific sets of conditions, and meet the level of care that everyone deserves.  hospitals and doctors are not unlike centralized government in trying to be everything to everyone.  i don't mean we should throw the baby out with the bath-water, but there's got to be a better way to organize all this.
t3_28f9mo-t1_ciaehhn-ciamvth	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5803	well, specifically, she was diagnosed with cancer while she was in prison and had to get treatment as an inmate. some shit went down after her mastectomy and she tore a bunch of stitches because they made her carry her mattress even though the doctor had said she couldn't, etc etc. she sued and got a little money, too.  i tell ya though: it was a good thing she was in prison when she got diagnosed. i don't think she would have gotten nearly as much treatment otherwise.
t3_1etd5f-t3_1etd5f-ca3jtgp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cancer, as mentioned many times before, is a broad term. at its base form, it is a mutation of cells. this is multiplied and forms a tumor. if these cells spread to other parts of the body and grab on, then it is lung cancer, breast cancer etc. these cells kill healthy ones and are malicious. we cannot cure it because we cannot stop our cells from evolving at all because that would stunt human growth at its most pure form. that is also why we cannot have a dryg that does it. we use radiation to kill these malicious mutations, knowing that it will kill the healthy ones too, or we cut it ut and hope it hasn't spread.   it will not be cured anytime soon and the best thing we can hope for is a better way to prevent it and battle it after the malicious mutations start. in fact, you have cancer in you right now. everyone does. all they are are changed cells and 99% of the time, the are totally benign and don't make a difference at all in your life and never will. however, when they get out of control, then it gets bad.
t3_2j0h8r-t1_cl79q4n-cl7clma	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yes!  my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer, went for radiation, then never went back to the doctor for her six month checkups.  after about 15 years, she was in pain, so she finally goes back to the doctor.  three to six months to live....plus she never told my sister and me that she had breast cancer until the end.  i would call her with bad mammogram results and she would get hysterical, but she still never told me until she had 3-6 months.  so sad and stupid....plus my old boyfriend's mother had a lump in her breast for 2 years before she sought medical help...too late, it ended up in her brain.
t3_355sro-t1_cr21lbq-cr220g9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand that.  i had a form of aggressive breast cancer and survived at the age 48.  several young women that i knew with small children died from breast cancer at the age 26.
t3_2h5kal-t1_ckpu4wk-ckpzhpb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8602	no! you're definitely not. although i appreciate the spirit behind the sentiment.  along the same vein, when my mom had breast cancer everyone told me to be strong, pray, and that she was going to survive this. it just seemed foreign to me to pray or to do more than hope she would be fine. it just wasn't natural to me to try to affect the outcome.
t3_nu3sy-t1_c3byc7t-c3c1lvj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	i'm 22 and my fiancé  proposed to me on christmas eve. i was diagnosed with advanced inflammatory breast cancer on 06 december. i've heard stories of couples (married, coupled and defacto) splitting *because* of diagnosis and the horrendous emotional roller coaster that is treatment.   to be fair, he is 28 and we're waiting for the worst of treatment to be over before "tying the knot". does this still count?
t3_1fqopm-t1_cacydpa-cad46qy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it isn't for curing breast cancer. it is for breast cancer awareness. i have never had breast cancer, but i would rather have someone ask their doctor what breast cancer is and they tell them to take this pill and don't worry about it.
t3_4z72no-t3_4z72no-d6tsgtx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well  •  introduced a minimum wage  • oversaw the longest period of uninterrupted growth in uk history  • devolved parliament for scotland and wales and restored devolution to ni too.  • oversaw the longest period of sustained low inflation since the 60s.  • signed the good friday agreement  • raised a million pensioners out of poverty  • raised 600,000 children out of poverty  • introduced free tv licences for over-75s.  • banned fur farming and the testing of cosmetics on animals.  • free breast cancer screening for all women aged between 50-70.  • founded 3 million child trust-funds  • doubled overseas aid  • reduced heart disease deaths down by 150,000 and cancer deaths down by 50,000.  • increased spending in the nhs by 20%,  • reduced unemployment  • cut long-term youth unemployment by 75%  • introduced free nursery places for every three and four-year-olds  • introduced free swimming for under-16s and over 65s  • introduced free fruit for four to six-year-olds at school  • introduced free nursery places for all three and four-year-olds.  • raised the standard of 1 million social homes deemed uninhabitable up to standard  • reduced government debt  • ran a budget surplus for 5 years  • accepted the human rights charter  • reduced nhs waiting lists to an all-time low  • introduced nhs direct   • cut crime by 30%  • introduced 30,000 more doctors, 85,000 nurses and 14,000 police officers  • introduced paid-paternity leave  • banned fox hunting.  • introduced free bus-passes for over 60s  • made entry to all all state museums free  • cleanest rivers, beaches, drinking water and air since the industrial revolution.  • inpatient waiting lists down by over half a million  • wrote off up to 100 per cent of debt owed to us by poorest countries.  • doubled funding for every pupil in the uk  • restored city-wide government to london
t3_4a1yg7-t3_4a1yg7-d0x8mxm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had chemo plus herceptin for my her2+ breast cancer. if i had not been her2+, i most likely would not been offered chemo. chemo was hell, but i am grateful for that little extra bit of security that any little cancer cells floating around were eliminated. i've read these studies and thought it would have been nice to have been able to forego chemo. then again, i would always wonder if there was something floating around ready to land on an organ.  of course, that fear never truly goes away- no matter what the course of treatment. i'm praying for the her2+ vaccine!
t3_11lq9v-t3_11lq9v-c6nvotv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6684	i am currently trying to get back to school, i've taken time off due to my mothers declining health. she is the only parent i have ever had and  has end stage breast cancer that has spread all over her body, and we have been told she has 3-4 weeks to live. all of my money that i was saving for a computer for school and let's be honest, some entertainment has now, very suddenly, been relabeled for her funeral fund - and it only amounts to about 10% of what the cheapest burial/cremation options would buy her. i spend six nights a week if i can taking care of her, at her home. i can't move in officially because my income, which is barely decent would count against her through hud and she would be put out, as it is i'm living in a one room dark basement of a family friend, i can't afford to pay rent for us both.   i'm pretty lost, i'm only 26 and trying very hard to be able to support myself and her on what little i have and not delay my education any more. i could do online classes again while in transit. and even after she passes, it would be invaluable as my current pc likely has less than a year before it dies completely.  i regularly take it apart and jerry rig it as beat i can with older parts, cleaning it and trying to keep it going. this would genuinely help me in ways you cannot imagine and i would be forever grateful. if you need proof of anything i've said, i can provide something i'm sure.   if i don't receive it, i know it will go to someone who could use this more and i am happy for that. this is a wonderful and generous offer and it's very kind of you.
t3_xuq2o-t3_xuq2o-c5pwjjv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5068	my nana has to be the most awesome person, she battled through breast cancer with out a complaint just took it in her stride! even when it spread and they couldn't do anything for her she was still upbeat! the weekend before she died she painted her whole kitchen and even when she went into hospital you would never have guessed she was terminally ill she was such an inspiration and i miss her everyday &lt;3
t3_1r2ow5-t3_1r2ow5-cdizyyv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7398	i am currently at about a c/d on the right and at least a dd to something much bigger on the left.    i had breast cancer on the right, so it doesn't undergo the same changes.  (no milk on that side either with last baby)   i wasn't so lopsided last time.  it's pretty noticeable.  i have been stuffing righty.  :-(
t3_478g0e-t3_478g0e-d0b7xvg	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7453	my husbands aunt died of breast cancer a few weeks ago. she first had it decades ago and beat it, was fine for years, and then it suddenly spread throughout her body. she was given months to live and survived another five years. that lady was a fighter.  my mil, her sister, also had it but caught it early because she knew of her sisters history. she's been clear for years.  my two sils though? total denial. one found a lump and took six months to get it looked it (it was nothing, in the end, but  wtf?). if i were me, i'd absolutely be getting the testing. frankly, i wish they'd get the testing done so i'd have an idea of what we should be watching for with my daughter. she's five so no boobs yet but you can bet i'll be encouraging her to watch closely.   information is power. you don't have to make any firm decisions about what you'll do, but getting the testing done just gives you more information and less uncertainty.
t3_3s41dx-t3_3s41dx-cwtwdb1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	for me, it has to be the importance of regular health checkups and making lifestyle changes to help prevent developing the disease. on father's day this year (in australia, so mid-september) my stepfather was rushed to hospital with serious health complaints including jaundice and orangered urine. he was pissing upvotes, if you will. he was discovered to have a tumor blocking the passage between his liver and pancreas, meaning that bile couldn't drain and was accumulating inside his body (iirc).        after speaking with doctors, they told him that the type of tumor he had was colloquially known as "god's joke" because it is almost never detected until it becomes life threatening. he was diagnosed with stage 2 cancer of the pancreas, which was later amended to be cancer of the bile duct. it was also located directly adjacent to a lymph node, which itself showed "irregularities".        what i want to say on the topic is that my stepfather's cancer may have been near impossible to detect until it became terminal, but many, many forms aren't. forms like melanoma, breast cancer and prostate cancer can be caught early using conparitively simple tests. and while his cancer was impossible to detect, it was not impossible to prevent. medical sciences have a huge wealth of literature with regards to what diet and lifestyle choices can prevent and even ward off many forms of cancer, particularly in the digestive system. empower yourself with knowledge on the topic, and you can drastically increase your likelihood of both preventing the disease *and* your chances of surviving a diagnosis.
t3_45g41s-t1_czy1ngm-czy4p10	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what caused the awkward moment was making the joke with someone they didn't know, yet.  it's an awkward joke to make to any stranger. yes, there are (likely) more layers of discomfort for a woman, especially stuck in a car at night with a stranger, than for a man. but that's still super awkward.  you can treat male and female coworkers the same in general, but you still need to tailor things a bit to individuals. dude with a mom dying of breast cancer probably isn't the right one to make breast cancer jokes in front of. dude who thinks too highly of himself and that dick jokes are immature and unfunny, not the one to make dick jokes to. woman who's very actively involved in women's organizations and equal rights and is loud and proud feminist, not the best one to make "bitch get me a sandwich" jokes. 3rd day at new job girl who is, literally, trapped in the car at night with a male coworker she likely barely knows, not the best person to make a rape joke to.  it's situational and individuals, not just genders.  i've worked places where the men and women all make the same types of awful, inappropriate, hr-issue jokes and everyone is fine with it. and i've seen it happen with both genders where we get a new person who does not fit in and our jokes don't land and they just seem really awkward and uncomfortable. or, with both genders, we get a new hire who tries too hard to fit in and starts making a bit too crass of jokes way too early, before they know us or we know them. so it's less friendly harassment and just more of an awkward "what did you just say about my mother?".
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czr5knb	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had breast cancer and went through chemo. i cut my hair short at first. then when it started falling out in clumps, i knew i had to do something. my fear was going into a salon and having them do it. then my husband suggested buying an electric shaver and doing it at home. so i sat outside and he shaved it for me. and then he had our teenage daughter shave his.  it was an emotional day, but glad we did it that way. i've always had straight hair. it grew back curly for a while. now it's straight again.  best wishes to you!  and remember, a positive attitude helps a lot!
t3_b4k9g-t1_c0kxxlq-c0kxzf7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;the attitude expressed by you guys below is why it's hard to find support when one does decide to get in shape.  when one decides to get in shape we are nothing but supportive - kry0s point was that you were promoting the view that you don't need to lose weight to be healthy which is incorrect; the danger of being overweight is hard to spot, i'll quote from sa thread:  &gt;b01] why being overweight is so dangerous  &gt;obesity is the catalyst of several medical conditions: sydrome "x" (diabetes mellitus type 2, high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, and triglyceride levels) which leads to congestive heart failure, enlarged heart and its associated arrhythmias and dizziness, cor pulmonale, varicose veins, pulmonary embolism, polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos), menstrual disorders, infertility, gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), fatty liver disease, cholelithiasis (gallstones), hernia, colorectal cancer, urinary incontinence, glomerulopathy, hypogonadism (male), breast cancer (female), uterine cancer (female), stillbirth, increased insulin resistance, dyspnea, obstructive sleep apnea, hypoventilation syndrome, pickwickian syndrome, asthma, hyperuricemia (which predisposes to gout), immobility, osteoarthritis, low back pain, stroke, meralgia paresthetica, headache, carpal tunnel syndrome, dementia, kidney failure, stretch marks, acanthosis nigricans, lymphedema, cellulitis, carbuncles, intertrig and joint damage.  - destruction of the body's "hormonal harmony": obesity causes insulin resistance which means that your insulin doesn't work the way it's supposed to. your pancreas tries to compensate by secreting more insulin, but after a while it gets exhausted and you develop diabetes. aromatisation of testosterone to estrogen in fat tissue is a undesirable side effect. fat filtration will also cause the endocrine (hormone producing- insulin, glucagon, and somatostatin) part of the pancreas to respond poorly to hormones, and your natural production suffers as a result. - fat tissue produces different forms of identified and unidentified ï¿½toxicï¿½ substances that have a terrible effect on different regulatory systems in the body, which results in poor regulation of blood pressure (increase) and cholesterol (increase). this predisposes for filled arteries in the heart and brain (heart attack, stroke), by accumulation of oxidised ldl-cholesterol in the artery walls that when absorbing chalk swells up and breaks. - fat tissue inhibits different parts of the immune system, both directly and indirectly, due to inhibition of the signalling roads between immune cells. since your immune system fights cancer cells, the risk for cancer and inflammatory diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, chronic obtrustive pulmonary disease, osteoarthritis) increase drastically. - fat is not limited to the subcutaneous fat you see in the mirror. if your obesity reaches a certain threshold the fat itself will 'float' out into your internal organs and start storing itself in your liver, heart, intestines and even muscles. this leads to reduced organ function. - the obese carry a significant amount of weight, while the knuckles, joints, muscles and tendons often are severely undertrained and can't handle it. this leads to premature wearing and damages the skeletal and connective tissue.   tl;dr: obesity will wind you, crush your joints, make you unfuckable and infertile and will eventually slowly and painfully lead to diseases that will kill you.
t3_c7jjl-t3_c7jjl-c0qo511	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	two of my great-aunts and my mother have had breast cancer in the past two decades.  this is what i'd say (and my mom is very passionate about this so if needed you could definitely have your sister call up my mom, just pm me if you think this would help her).  great aunt 1: had a lump but was afraid to go to a doctor.  waited a year to go in and by then it was really bad.  time is of the essence.  she died shortly after her diagnosis, there was nothing they could do for her.  starting actively treating now is very important.  great aunt 2: a few years after great aunt 1 passed great aunt 2 was diagnosed.  luckily she went to the doctor at an early stage.  she had surgery and radiation but was too afraid to do chemo.  i think about 3-4 years later the cancer came back, at this point she didn't have great health insurance so she just had a double mastectomy (and treated herself to a face lift during the surgery).  breast cancer can recur, you don't need to go as far as my aunt, but letting fear of temporal discomfort can put you in a worse situation later on.  this aunt hasn't had a recurrence after the mastectomy and was surprised at how the mastectomy didn't make her feel too weird or anything.  mom: diagnosed very early on and within the week went in for treatment.  within a couple weeks of that she started going in for chemo.  i drove her there most weeks (i forget the schedule, i think it was every couple weeks).  it was a nice place, she just sat in a padded chair and chatted with other patients or read books for an hour or so.  she was put on a new chemo drug with less side effects.  she did have some aches and pains, towards the end her hair fell out (but insurance covered a wig), and she often felt nauseous (though rarely vomited).  the biggest thing with both radiation and chemo was she felt tired, but she still didn't have a huge trouble working 45 hours a week at her job during all of this.  after chemo they gave her like a month and then started radiation.  it was a simple 15 minute thing and really didn't impact her terribly.  again, some tiredness and some joint pain but overall not bad.  she was even able to drive herself to this.  she also eventually went on hormones to in essence get rid of the estrogen in her system (making menopause come on early for her) because the cancer was estrogen sensitive.  this wasn't great, it was an amplified version of menopause, in essence.  i doubt your sister-in-law would need this given her age.  anyways, your sister can do what she wants with her life and let her.  people deal with this differently and if you try to force her she may buck against you.  just make sure she knows that she holds her own life in her hands and that for what she has the chemo and radiation really aren't that bad.  the really bad cases are usually with terminal cancers, where the dosage is up quite a bit.
t3_305snm-t3_305snm-cppts66	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7409	bones.   laying on my side and not being able to have one leg on top of the other because my freakin knees grind. i lost my padding!   also i thought i had breast cancer when i felt a lump on my chest. then i realized i had a second one on the other side and just discovered a rib cage.   another time i fell down a couple of steps and wish i still had my ass because it felt like the friggin ass bone was going to jab right on through my skin.     tl;dr lost 95lbs, found a skeleton under there.
t3_2518c4-t1_chcwztb-chd717a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i got here because someone posted a link to /r/frugal and the conversation was better than could be found on the globe and mail comments pages. i found askhistorians a couple months after it was founded because i had a question about the history of breast cancer treatment that never got answered and i've since forgotten.
t3_1kf3sw-t1_cbok4ks-cbok6hx	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5975	good for her! i have three aunts that were diagnosed with breast cancer. the first to be diagnosed lived eight years past when the doctors said she would, and did not have a mastectomy due to the cancer being much too far along for it to do any good. we miss her.  the other two have successfully fought it off, both with double mastectomies, one with reconstructive implants, one without. they are both vibrant, alive, and happy to be here.
t3_375dtx-t1_crkatmp-crkcx8w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7881	&gt; i had my mom bring me in for an ultrasound when i was 12 because i thought i had breast cancer   uhm, why didn't mom explain this before taking you to a doctor?
t3_1qf4c2-t1_cdcgndv-cdcgprx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6738	i thought i had breast cancer awhile ago when i found a lump. that's when i found out about these fibroid tumors. i can't get them cut out, i get a lot of them, i should go in for more mammograms to keep a closer eye on them. first thing on my list when i get insurance again
t3_3vo5u5-t3_3vo5u5-cxpmrgm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7624	no doctor, whether surgeon or oncologist, can ever say that a cancer is "gone" a short time after treatment.  all they can say is "i can't see any evidence of it in the places i was able to look at."  and there's nothing magic about "5 year survival".  i know of women with breast cancer, talked into stopping tamoxifen after 20 years apparently free of cancer, who had a florid recurrence when the prophylaxis was withdrawn.  surgeons, especially, love to overawe patients with their magical powers, and all too often say in the icu, "we got it all!"  and patients love to hear it, and accept it eagerly.  till they show up in my radiation therapy office 6 months later with a recurrence.
t3_32ejm6-t3_32ejm6-cqsachb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am about to graduate from my adult/geri program in a couple weeks and i feel as though i just got the hang of pap smears this last semester. until that point, i felt pretty awkward and couldn't even focus on whether my patient felt uncomfortable or not.  a couple of ideas that might make it go more smoothly:   would you have time to talk with the patient for a few minutes with her clothes on (i.e. use this time to discuss previous pap history, method of contraception, any questions, breast cancer risks, etc.) and then return after a few minutes to do the breast exam and pap? my personal ob-gyn does this, and it's definitely a nice touch.   also mirroring what mrspistols said, usually there is a chaperone or an ma assisting you...there's a decent chance that person is female...sometimes just having another female in the room may make the patient feel more comfortable.  don't under underestimate exuding confidence. if you present the scenario as "hi, so glad to meet you; i am doing your pelvic exam today" and don't leave a lot of room for questioning/doubting like "hope you are comfortable with a student np today...or...bare with me, i am learning", then the patient may be a bit more receptive as she won't have time or reason to doubt your capabilities.  just hang in there! i'm sure once you do a speedy and harmless pap, all misguided preconceptions will be forgotten :)  props to you for feeling so comfortable with women's health and wanting to find ways to make it more comfortable for your customers and for yourself.
t3_1jt4i8-t3_1jt4i8-cbiksbw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i once told a girl while in boston during college that i had worked on a breast cancer research project with the nih as part of my masters. i only have a bs.
t3_1xwduj-t3_1xwduj-cffgyq9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm 24 years old, not working but a full-time student who's trying to transfer to university next semester.   my step-mom (mom's so) was diagnosed with breast cancer a year and a half ago. it was early, so she had a double mastectomy performed. she did not received chemo or radiation as she did not want to go through those side effects. her cancer was triple negative, meaning from what i remember that it did not feed off any of the three main things/chemicals cancers tend to. when a cancer does feed off one of those three it's typical to do treatment to reduce said "food" for the cancer, so this was not an option to us.  a couple of months ago, my step-mom lost the ability to move her right arm. a trip to the hospital revealed a brain bleed (pressure on the brain caused the loss) and a few more days and tests revealed that her previous cancer had spread to her brain and lungs. they have no clue where else it may have spread. she just finished her [first?] bout of radiation therapy yesterday for her brain and is about to go back on her chemotherapy for her lungs.  with the return of her cancer, it automatically becomes stage iv. removing this cancer is no longer a goal, but rather the doctors are now looking forward to containing and slowing it.  the healthiest of people can have cancer. sometimes it's genetic, sometimes environmental. my step-mom has never smoked, tries to take care of herself, all of that. this a blameless situation.  what you do is this: take a breath, and take life normally as you can. when your mother seeks help, then offer it; if she doesn't, just make it known that you are there for her. you will and have to face this with her one step at a time, so allowing [or causing] yourself to worry more about the situation and jump to worst scenarios is natural but doing neither of you any good. most importantly, you have to remember this is not a death sentence until there are no alternatives left.  try to get her to learn about what is going on with her cancer, maybe if you can sit down with her to do it. it *is* going to scare her, and you, but knowing what exactly is going on will help her get through it easier.
t3_46yenb-t1_d08qsa2-d08rl79	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	just for clarification, you're getting an mri to make sure that you don't have a breast cancer reoccurrence, right?  if so, way to kick cancer right in the ass! i've had an mri before, and for me it wasn't really as scary as everyone made it out to be. it's not so tight that you couldn't wiggle out if for some reason the slidey table thing couldn't move. it is really loud, but they gave me headphones and i just listened to music while they did it. if you are claustrophobic they can give you something to keep you calm, but you'll need someone to drive you home.
t3_1xacwj-t1_cf9lecs-cf9rq20	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i had breast cancer and it were an option, i would prefer to see an oncologist who also had breast cancer. they'd be more likely to fully empathize with me. never thought about that before because it's very unlikely to ever be an option. that said, an oncologist who never had cancer can certainly get the job done, just as a male gynecologist can. it's just that every doctor starts out as a stranger, and it's nice to have some relevant common ground to start on.
t3_1ibscz-t1_cdd3kcq-cdd4pfs	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my pleasure!  1a) as mundane as it sounds, starting ivs. i -really- enjoy starting ivs. a skill i (like to think i) have is my ability to put people at ease. no one really wants to get jabbed with a needle (well..med seekers but..) and being in the er can be a scary place for anyone. one of the first foreign things you're going to have done in the er is an iv and if i can put you at ease from the get-go, i like to think the rest of your visit with us won't be so scary.  1b) as odd as it sounds, i kinda enjoy installing urinary catheters for one very simple reason - it's a procedure that yields instant relief for a patient. no one wants a tube jammed down their schlong and i really don't want to touch anyone's hardware but i can see immediate positive results of a skill i've performed when i allow someone's bladder to drain that 1200ccs of urine they've been so uncomfortably retaining all day.   2) soap suds enemas. nuf said.  3) the worst smell is something we've nicknamed "summer amish birth". amish lady comes in, just given birth, and requires care for some reason. the smell is terrible.   4) adult foot would be the most nontraditional place that is a non-hand/arm ..but... i once got one in the palm of someone's hand. she is quite the frequent flyer and really just didn't have anything left. once i had an old lady who needed two ivs. she has a restricted extremity due to a mastectomy and i already had an iv in the good arm but that was my only option for a second one. she has some serious meds going and really needed the iv access she already had. putting a tourniquet on caused blood to begin to ooze out from around the iv site. my only option was to start it without one on. at that time, i was only 2-3 months out of school and i was very proud with myself for nailing it.  5) hmm. i've never had anyone tell me that before. i've been told i'm kind/gentle but never with my gender thrown in there.  6) i'd recommend do your best to come across confident in anything you do in front of a patient. be careful though as you want to be confident but not cocky. there is a fine line with that. i tell my worried patients, "it's time to worry when you see me worry." i recently went to check on a patient and found his blood pressure had bottomed out to 58/34. that would be time to worry. however, i listened to the patient tell me "ya know.. i don't feel so well", responded calmly, "okay, let me grab some supplies and we'll try to fix that.", left the room, got the iv cart, started a second 18ga line (mmm. ivs!) and ran a second bag of fluids in.   also, let the docs know you're interested in learning. many are excited to share the knowledge they have. look over a shoulder and ask the doc to show you what they're seeing on the x-ray. if you're helping with a procedure, ask questions but make sure the patient understands you're asking because this is not a nursing skill and you're just curious. that way, you're maintaining your confident aura around the patient by not looking ignorant but on the flip side, are looking that much better by wanting to improve yourself.  use "sir", "ma`am", and "miss". avoid honey, sweetie at all costs. of course, mr and mrs are just fine.  never make promises regarding time. instead of saying "i'll be back in  5 minutes." say, "i'll be back in 5 hospital minutes." and smile. i use that with almost every patient and first they'll laugh and then ask "so how long is a hospital minute??" respond with "well, when i last checked, the exchange rate was 1 minute equals 2.5 hospital minutes." they'll laugh again and you exit. after using that i have never had a patient complain when i came back in the room 5-10 minutes late about how long it took. in fact, they laugh again when i simply comment "ah the exchange rate just changed."  it may sound lame, but trust me, it works.  hope some of this helps!
t3_mzgm9-t3_mzgm9-c358xh4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7548	you will not believe the amount of lumps and bumps boobs go through in a month. they naturally develop and piss off. if these masses are what you're thinking it is, chances are extremely good for you now days. people have got thier shit sorted when it comes to breast cancer. i know several women who have had it and none of them have had it return, they're all healthy, happy and exactly where they want to be in thier lives. breast cancer just happened to be a bump in the road.   you're going to be absolutely ok. i promise you.
t3_1nibkp-t3_1nibkp-ccj5yqo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6227	when i was a child i thought for the longest time that the potlatch paper mill was infact, the cloud maker.... i would always see the plant on our monthly(ish) trips to the big town to get stuff we can't in our tiny town.. it stunk terribly and had multiple smoke stack towers that were always pumping out "clouds" i thought thats where they came from and found it fascinating that i could see the clouds coming out to be spread across the world!    in 4th grade i hit puberty... i was all sorts of confused about what was happening and my mother never spoke to me about my impending changes... convinced i had breast cancer and i honestly remember crying in the shower on multiple occasions trying to figure out how in the world i was ever going to tell my mom that i was dying with breast cancer..  also around this time during all my body changes i thought the dishcharge coming out of my lady bits was a yeast infection and self medicated myself with cranberry juice..:/. finally after months of inner turmoil i built up the courage to talk to my paternal grandma about my cancer and my yeast infection... much to my astonishment she told me all of it was normal!!! "normal?? grandma!, these lumps are not normal, they are tumors and cancerous!!" "no, ilyj they are quite normal as is the discharge, it's your body going through changes honey and this is only the begining"  my mind was straight blown that day!
t3_48gfoh-t1_d0jqbba-d0jsj7d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	edit: this reply got really long. it was theraputic for me to write though. read it or not. there's some level 99 insanity in here though. hard to believe that i actually let my life get like this.  oh, believe me it gets worse. i am the poster child of what can happen when you ignore red flags and take it to absurdity.  i'll throw in a couple of bonus stories with chick #2.  she was not only a stripper, but a pagan nudist. i had nothing against this lifestyle so i went along with it and tried it out. maybe partially to spite my religious parents for raising me so bp. the nudist camp was all mediocre looking chicks, and tons of dudes of all different rank trying to tap it. she was one of three attractive women there.   she cheated on me when i was too "alpha" in the beginning and hadn't committed to her nor defined the relationship. she immidiately swore loyalty to me and said that she's never had a meaningful relationship and that she would love to with me because she's never felt that way for anyone but me.  she cheated on me after dating for a year when i had gotten slightly chubby while working construction for up to 10-12 hours a day. one stretch of 3 weeks of working every day, no weekends. she fucked a gym bro for his body.  this was what broke the camel's back. although her lifestyle was difficult to live with, it wasn't anything i found morally wrong and i was trying to be 'better' than the situation. when she cheated even though things were going well other than that i was busy and slightly out of shape... i just felt so destroyed. i was working so hard. i would kiss her every morning before i left. we had a silly language and goofy inside jokes. we had sex at least a couple of times a week. she bought me awesome gifts. she was very understanding and we had an extremely deep connection... but she lied and couldn't stay loyal even though the whole time any time things got weird i told her that i would rather have an open relationship than have lies or baggage, and i always wanted the truth.  we split. i grabbed my shit. i moved out. she moved. we stayed in contact. i kept fucking her. she said she still loved me. she would do things to show it. she literally wrote me into her will as the love of her life and left stuff to me. (her family has a history of breast cancer so she did it just in case anything happened.)  then... after a few months of lifting and doing everything in my power to make myself a badass with or without her... but still in the back of my mind hoping to 'win' to be better than the situation and have her want me again... she found a tall ripped tattooed marine with a massive penis. so after telling me for months that she wants me and that she is polyamorous, she gives me the call and tells me that she's 'seeing' mr. marine and that she can't see me anymore... she thought she was poly, and despite knowing better i allowed myself to try it out. she was of course, hypergamous. no woman is polyamorous once she finds a chad. polyamory is just a way for her to go chad shopping. it took this for me to finally get her out of my warped, beta mind. it's like the universe said to me, "dude... fucking stop it with this shit. go live your life. you know trp is right and you need to stop going against it to 'test' or 'experiment' if it's real. that's just an excuse and you have several lifetimes worth of fucked up bullshit to prove it.  edit: conversation that defined my relationship:   her: ... well ya the customers sometimes slip away to put on a condom before a lapdance.  me: what the fuck for?  her: it's polite. in case they cum from the dance.  that's how i found out that her job involved making other dudes cum on a daily basis. hundreds of other guys, and it was a complete non issue to her. like i was crazy that it mattered to me.  you have no idea how cucked i felt all at once. it was framed like, 'she comes home to me because i'm the best. i fuck the shit out of her and she loves it.' this was cool to me and the only reason i was ok with the stripping thing. then this bombshell fell.   this relationship had great moments, awesome sex every single time. she was very intelligent, and we had a great connection, and she was very supportive... but she was just fucked up and a liar.   i still feel ashamed that i put up with so much under the guise of 'growing' and 'overcoming hurdles'. so much stress, work, anxiety, fear, feelings of inadequacy, etc. and all with a crescendo of her finally telling me off of all things.
t3_1xjc7y-t1_cfd573k-cfd6f6j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6559	i had breast cancer too! 2012. its part of why we started to try for a baby after i got the all clear. she was born january 24th :) just got over the post partum bleeding this week, so i'm hoping since i'm breast feeding i can avoid getting my period before i get another iud placed at my 6 week check up.
t3_r0s73-t3_r0s73-c41zl9a	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've told this story on here before, but it's relevant and it's been a while.   about five years ago, my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. my father and i went with her to her first radiation treatment and had to sit in the waiting room.   across from us, there was this old man with a leather vest, giant cowboy hat, and boots sitting across from us just kind of staring at my dad and myself. he saw that i had noticed him and said to me "your mom's back there right?" i tell him he's correct and he just looks right at me and says, "she's going to be just fine, i know about these things and you have nothing to worry about." then he stood up and ambled out without another word. he wasn't even there with anyone.   it gave me this weird comforting feeling and my mother's been cancer free for four years now.   tl;dr my mother's guardian angel is an older biker type gentleman with a southern drawl. picture charlie daniels in a leather vest.
t3_3a1twt-t3_3a1twt-cs9nhs7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	start your treatments. live your life.   my friend was dx in 2011 with stage 3 triple negative breast cancer. she opted out of radiation and opted for a double mastectomy and chemo. she recovered quickly and went on with life until august of last year.   while camping with her family (husband, 2 kids under 6 years old) and my wife and daughter, she fractured her back. she went to the doctor and they did xrays which led to ct scans, which led to mri's and a dx that the breast cancer was back, this time on her ribs, her spine, and her collarbone. it is now stage 4. it spread fairly quickly, and in december, she was given 4 months to live.   fortunately, she is surviving (and currently thriving) and is living for her kids.  here is my advice. trust your doctors. trust your family. trust your boyfriend. ask for help. ask for advice. please don't forget to ask for advice. it may be the doctors opinion to do one thing, but it may be the experience of someone else that makes the difference.   live your life. watch the sun set. stay up all night and watch the sun rise.  as cheesy as it is, if you are in southern ontario, i will take you fishing, to knock an item off your list.
t3_1fivju-t3_1fivju-caauk18	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6349	sorry, but breast cancer is almost universally survivable.  at worst, she might have a type with a high incidence of local recurrence.  also, her treatment is likely to cost your family considerable ongoing expense. looks like you're going to have to handle this the old fashioned way and instead of hoping for someone to die and solve your problem, you're going to have to speak to your dad about your concerns and hopes for your relationship.
t3_3vinxx-t3_3vinxx-cxpecq3	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6735	breast cancer genetics are way, way complicated. the good news is that a genetic counselor at a hospital will talk with you about all these things if you want to be tested to see if you carry any breast cancer genes. they actually have recommendations after the testing. like, for example, i tested negative for brca1/brca2 genes, so i get to keep my uterus and fallopian tubes, though i still have to have my ovaries out because my breast cancer tested hormone receptor positive. if i had been positive for those other two genes, a hysterectomy would have been medically indicated to prevent future uterine cancer. i did test positive for another breast cancer gene, the atm gene, for which there is no medical advice.  yes, there are multiple genes. many factors go into cancer development. obesity, yes, but i've never been overweight a day in my life and i got it at age 34 anyway. i will never know completely what caused my breast cancer. no woman will. there are way too many factors involved, which is why it may seem to skip generations. it's not as simple as inheriting a widow's peak or a tongue that can curl. the chances of recovery from stage iv depends on type of breast cancer, location of mets, and many other things but statistics definitely look worse as stage increases. there are risks from any major surgery. i know i will have a lot of lymphedema risk afterward, but that may be because i have to have so many lymph nodes taken out. i had stage 3 breast cancer with no symptoms other than some swollen lymph nodes.  edit:  oh, and you don't need boobs to have kids. just feed formula. :)
t3_3mu0ff-t1_cvilxwa-cvim6wg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes when the message is 'no no i'm not like those uppity parts of my community' i guess that's a step forward to some. like, carly has been leading a major fight (built on total lies) to utterly destroy planned parenthood and when called on it she pulled the 'i had breast cancer so i know about women's health' card and kept on lying. i guess if that to you is an example of progress you are used to a very low bar.
t3_dm85t-t3_dm85t-c119r88	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think alot of it has to do with the sheer number of people who can say they've been "affected by breast cancer" in some way or another. either because they had it, or a family member did, or the old woman that no one cares about otherwise had it. personally, i have a breast cancer ribbon tattooed on my shoulder blade. i'm a dude and i got it because my mom had it and she wanted to symbolize the process that the two of us went through together while she was sick. it means alot to me but i do think that alot of people just see it as an easy charity bandwagon to jump on.
t3_17si3d-t1_c88smlw-c898n1c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey man imo the best time to take the mcat is over the summer. you're still young and you never know, medschool might not be the path you choose later in life. don't "waste" time studying for the mcat right now. focus on your classes. make sure that you do in fact ace them. that strong 4.0 will ease your mind off of a mcat score of 28-low 30s (if that happens). my advice is ace your classes during the semester and devote a lot of time to extra curriculars like organizations, volunteering, research, interning, etc. devote that one summer to a 3 month study session leading to the mcat and make sure those couple days before the test you don't pick up any study material and go enjoy the days and relax. also, you have a lot of time to think up and do things that are unique and will make you stand out. for example, my friend devoted one summer to volunteering at a free clinic 5 days a week and she eventually developed a program that allowed for women to receive free breast cancer screenings. her mcat score was a 28 but her gpa was extremely high and she is now attending vcus school of medicine in va. you'll hear a lot of stories like that but the important thing right now is giving yourself a nice gpa cushion and getting hands-on experience in the field before you take the next step and prepare for the mcat. buddy up with your advisor and professors as well. i know this is long but i hope you take it into account as you prepare yourself later in life. good luck!
t3_4ecal9-t3_4ecal9-d1z7u30	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother changed too. my mother was nothing but patient when i was younger, then the first round of cancer (breast) and suddenly no patience at all anymore. also, nothing would hold her tongue back. we would get kicked out of resteraunts for her yelling at the top of her lungs about the service if it wasn't fast enough. no more pulled punches, she would tell it straight like it was, which nobody wants to hear. not even from someone who is in chemo...  first remission saw a bit of spring back to her old self. she would sit out in the garden more now, no more rushing around at every chance to do everything all at once. she would hold her tongue if she saw something that wouldn't matter much in the long run. i would say back to about 75%...  then the second diagnosis came around... in addition to having her breasts removed entirely (her logic; no breasts, no breast cancer) she just turned plain weird. suddenly a health freak, but only for what other people ate, her diabetes went nuts and she just... went bonkers. she turned into this weird caricature of herself. like, the general form is there but, it's distorted and strange.  she is... tolerable now. but, yeah. it changes you. "chemo-brain" is a real thing too. unsuprising when you are pumped full of poison every few weeks.
t3_22jfc0-t3_22jfc0-cgo1xdt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7649	i am an stna in nursing school and ive been working in a local hospital for the past three years, and in that time one moment truly stands out. i cared for a mother of 2 young kids who was positive for the brca 1 gene, (for those who dont know what this is, it is a gene that's been found to link a strong probability to acquiring breast cancer) well she had a profilactic bi lateral mastectomy with reconstruction. this was the first time ive cared for someone who volunteered for a big surgery to prevent cancer from occuring. after a five day stay she went home healthy and recovered nicely. what made this experience amazing was that at some point in her stay i had made some sort of impact on her and her families lives and received a letter a week later from her addressed to me on the unit i work on. the letter described her experience and her stay and she wrote that she "couldn't have made it through the surgery and recovery without my uplifting attitude and compassion". in a field where i see alot of sadness and anger, a small thank you for cleaning a patient or walking them to the bathroom is something that always makes it all worth it. i never expected a letter, but i still have it and it hangs in my locker at work. any day that i have at work where i leave feeling drained or unappreciated, seeing that letter helps remind me that a little kindness goes a long way and what you say and do can impact others more than you know.
t3_20jy99-t3_20jy99-cg42iir	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just want to thank you for posting this. it means a lot to me  and you are truly inspiring. congratulations on your recovery!!  i'm also 26 and a 3 year breast cancer survivor. pm me if you want to chat, it would be nice to connect with someone who can relate :) you go girl!
t3_1kj16i-t1_cbpinjl-cbpj1h3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt; rebecca- you didn't even know me &amp; last saturday 8/10/13 i was shopping in aldi &amp; you were the cashier my total was $25 over drawn in my bank account, due to my check not being deposited &amp; available for me. i was going to take the $25 worth of groceries out of my cart &amp; pay $150 b/c i knew that was in my account for sure. you, without hesitation, picked up your own debit card &amp; paid my remaining $25. you had no idea who i was or what my situation was. you were so selfless i was speechless. here's my story. that check i as waiting to deposit in my account was my disability check. at the age of 30 i was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer that spread to my bones and liver. i live on disability set income. i fight everyday to be as healthy as i can, i'm in chemo now and it's tough. grocery shopping is a difficult task these days. a simple thank you is not enough. i am speechless with sincere gratitude &amp; appreciation. i want to give you a hug so u bought you a bowl of them! thank you
t3_2n6fld-t1_cmbz2l4-cmc1g39	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	she had some sort of breast cancer (i think) by the time we noticed a mass it grew from the size of a marble/gumball to the size of a golf ball in less than a week. so we had it removed and biopsied. the surgery left good margins but came back late stage and aggressive and was most likely spread to her lymph nodes. it  did come back and in more than one place. the night before we took her to the vet she was having trouble breathing and was febrile - the vet suspects it traveled to her chest. i hope echo's cancer is slower and she is able to stay comfortable for a while. my thoughts are with you, i know this isn't easy.
t3_3x8qma-t3_3x8qma-cy2gcgg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	# *book take it or leave it apple authors macbook tablet windows pocket*   *** ## █ ► [**read** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) *** *** ## █ ► [**online** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) *** *** ## █ ► [**download** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) ***  .   *** ## █ ► [**read** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) *** *** ## █ ► [**online** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) *** *** ## █ ► [**download** ***take it or leave it***](https://food-oils.ru/607b?source=reddit&amp;keyword=take%20it%20or%20leave%20it) ***  &gt; .   &gt;  description book **take it or leave it**:  &gt;  moving freely from past to present and place to place leap-frogging from digression to digression, "take it or leave it" recounts the hilarious and amourous adventures of frenchy, a young man who s...  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .   &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; [book.. the.. painted.. bird.. сhapter.. amazon.. epub.. online.. format.. pdf](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qbc),.. [book.. brave.. new.. world.. mobile.. no.. registration.. pc.. ebook.. buy.. offline](https://www.reddit.com/3x8q90),.. [online.. the.. bloody.. chamber.. and.. other.. stories.. without.. signing.. cheap.. look.. direct.. link.. italian.. find](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qd1),.. [to.. read.. independent.. people.. offline.. page.. look.. for.. apple.. amazon](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qcp),.. [online.. tartuffe.. djvu.. direct.. link.. for.. apple.. français.. find.. english.. price](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qc2),.. [to.. read.. restless.. portable.. doc.. touch.. ios.. torrent.. get.. link.. spanish](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qcj),.. [to.. read.. saturday.. pocket.. torrent.. android.. kickass.. format.. how.. to](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qbn),.. [online.. a.. ghost.. at.. noon.. acquire.. how.. download.. windows.. eng.. phone.. thepiratebay.. kindle.. tablet](https://www.reddit.com/3x8qfc)  &gt; .  &gt; .  &gt; take  it  or  leave  it  tabs take  it  or  leave  it  consignment take  it  or  leave  it  remix take  it  or  leave  it  chords take  it  or  leave  it take  it  or  leave  it  cage  the  elephant take  it  or  leave  it  sublime  lyrics route  planner  -  the  best  route  maps  and  traffic  info  from a  learning  secret:  don’t  take  notes  with  a  laptop take  it  or  leave  it  nebra  remix take  it  or  leave  it  great  good  fine  ok  lyrics take  it  or  leave  it  lyrics  cage  the  elephant take  it  or  leave  it  cage  the  elephant  lyrics take  it  or  leave  it  song take  it  or  leave  it  meaning take  it  or  leave  it  nebbra  remix what's  in  this  booklet?  know  how  your  body  works;  charge  up  with  healthy  eating;  get  moving;  take  your  time;  make  it  work  for  you;  resources  what's  in  this  booklet? sugar  bee  crafts  -  sewing  recipes  crafts  photo  tips take  it  or  leave  it  game take  it  or  leave  it  the  strokes take  it  or  leave  it  sublime take  it  or  leave  it  quotes take  charge  of  your  health:  a  guide  for  teenagers ©  2015  tomtom.  all  rights  reserved.  the  use  of  tomtom  materials  in  any  way  including  but  not  limited  to  distribution  reproduction  modification  display  or the  old  spaghetti  factory  family  restaurants  offer  a  unique  family  friendly  dining  experience  and  delicious  italian  food.  we  serve  you  a  complete  meal  which  includes the  old  spaghetti  factory  »  home take  it  or  leave  it  contract avon  |  shop  avon  beauty  products this  is  the  company  that  puts  mascara  on  lashes  and  food  on  the  tables.  that  fights  wrinkles  with  one  hand  and  breast  cancer  with  the  other.  that  knows  the  value  of  a disclosure  of  material  connection:  i  received  one  or  more  of  the  products  or  services  mentioned  in  some  of  my  posts  for  free  in  the  hope  that  i  would  mention  it  on  my take  it  or  leave  it  the  strokes  lyrics take  it  or  leave  it  tab take  it  or  leave  it  youtube take  it  or  leave  it  nantucket take  it  or  leave  it  lyrics “more  is  better.”  from  the  number  of  gigs  in  a  cellular  data  plan  to  the  horsepower  in  a  pickup  truck  this  mantra  is  ubiquitous  in  american  culture  &gt; .
t3_1p8eeb-t3_1p8eeb-cd00jyu	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've been a cancer patient for 16+ years. i've been in hospice twice, two bone marrow transplants, chemo and radiation up the wazoo.  even after the pile of crap i've finished, nothing compares to being the caregiver. it is infinitely harder to be the caregiver than it is to be the patient and i've been both.   people want to help, but aren't always sure what to do. there are always the generic offers, but little follow through. so i always tell the caregiver (your mom in this case) to   * ask for specific help. ask a neighbor to please mow the lawn every other week for a month. ask a sil or adult child to take two loads of laundry and bring them back clean and folded. make specific requests and people will rise to the occasion.  * join an in-person support group in your area. i have a rare breast cancer. joining a generic breast cancer support group wasn't going to do much for me because my cancer is dramatically different than a stage i bc diagnosis. however, from the local in-person group, i did learn where the best secret parking for radiation was located even when every other spot was taken. which staffer in the billing department knows how to get things submitted correctly. which phelebotomist/nurse can access a port? these are things that can make the cancer experience significantly less frustrating.  * take care of yourself first. this is a scary and new experience for everyone. but since the patient may need you at weird times for unusual tasks, it's imperative that sleep, rest and mental rejuvenation occur regularly. scheduling a 30 minute nap is a good thing.  * write down questions for the doc. sometimes you have questions, but with the surroundings, concern, etc, you forget to ask the questions. write it down.   * it helps to keep a brief journal/log of how things are going. if the patient develops a weird rash after the third chemo session but this time the chemo was given in two hours rather than his normal three hours, you can give this info to the doc.   hugs to all. it sounds like it's one more opportunity to show your life for each other this year.
t3_4zth8a-t3_4zth8a-d6zh9ru	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i guess i'm a mixture of all three. i'm a writer (coffee bean); mushy sentimental, empathetic and nostalgic (potato); and refuse to be pushed around by anyone (egg). my doormat days are long gone.  commercials, mistreated or abandoned starving animals -- especially dogs -- suffering people and sad movies make me cry.  however ...  sitting in a room in a surgeon's office six days before my 42nd birthday hearing him say i had borderline stage 4 breast cancer elicited a stoic, determined response. during the six months of treatment, i cried one night from intense pain.
t3_xxawk-t3_xxawk-c5tb4od	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have very little to add. however the little bit that i have is worth knowing. my mom had breast cancer, it was detected incredibly early, removed it, and going on two years after diagnosis she's fine. what she told me, and all female members of her side if the family is that her cancer was not hereditary however her cancer was hormonal. which is hereditary. so testing positive or negative for a gene could be independent of hormone type cancer. my moms paternal grandmother and her dads aunt both had breast cancer. so it runs in our family, so it was good for me to know what to look for. just wanted to share.
t3_2bdkic-t3_2bdkic-cj4e7cy	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i hope you  and your family can find your way through this awful time. try to be strong for your brother and dad; they need your support...it ain't coming from mom. be strong for her too. she is at a bad place, hard times.  is she scared or feeling cheated? is she eating and sleeping well? side effects and after effects are monsters.   (my breast cancer adventure brought me to a new and scary place- five  months of chemo, refusing radiation, haven't been cleared yet). my family sees my struggles/failures and may share your feelings at times. chemo took away my clarity (such as it was), took my hair too, and now i'm rocking the grandpa look. surgery got the bad breast, and i've not been able to work since thanksgiving (age 65 so i retired). won't-can't say i'm a cancer victim, can't yet say i'm a survivor either. part of me is planning for my eventual death...so my adult kids don't have to deal with all of it. i'm not blaming anybody, not trying to alienate those in my life who are innocent bystanders, while feeling like an innocent bystander myself. my life has turned into chemo &amp; the seven dwarfs ...sleepy, dopey, grumpy, hungry, barfy, baldy and gassy. unfortunately, it is what it is. she may be experiencing those same issues. work toward somehow being ready to get back to school and look for some  better days ahead. best wishes to you all.
t3_c9huk-t1_c0r1lnr-c0r1pvp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have spent 5 years doing biomedical research and mouse work on breast cancer, colon cancer, and nf1.  i've probably killed 6000 mice in those 5 years and this appalls me. it would never pass larc / dlam approval. depriving mice of food would never be allowed in a university setting, and you would lose your rights to do mouse work if you did.   since when is starving mice to death for entertainment ok? we have to jump though a million hoops to be able to keep mice and kill them humanely for cancer research. would you be ok with this if they were doing it to cats or dogs?
t3_1oqtye-t3_1oqtye-ccuybf2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5885	seven years ago i had breast cancer. i was in tears, and terrified, and had no health insurance, and was convinced i was going to die. one of the staff brought me out a present from komen - a huge white teddy bear with a pink ribbon around its neck. seriously? way to infantilize an adult women. was that going to cure me? pay my bills? feed me and my family? pinkwashing a very real problem.   i have cancer again, an unknown primary i discovered in my lymph nodes. people are so aware of one type of cancer that they think it's all the same, and it's not. there are no colored ribbons for me, no walks and runs, and i'm glad. just fund the research, folks.
t3_qylex-t3_qylex-c41hitc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my granny gave me her old hot tub because she couldn't use it any more because of her breast cancer treatments. after having it less than a year, my now ex-wife left it running with the cover off for weeks while i was out of town.  it was summer and there was no water and no pump when i got back.  things happen and i've never gotten around to getting it fixed.  but i have carried it with me on two different moves now.  it sits in my backyard mocking my procrastination and bad decisions.
t3_37rg4m-t1_crpp6lf-crq51po	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.797	that's how i interpreted it as well. she knew she was dying, but didn't want confirmation or to talk about it. i think paul was told because realistically he needed to prepare her end of life care.   one of linda's best friends, a television writer named carla lane, said that when linda was diagnosed with breast cancer she called carla over for tea. she then said, "i'm going to tell you something, and you can ask me questions, but after this conversation we're not ever going to talk about it again, okay?" linda then told carla she had cancer, carla asked questions, and linda was like, "okay, let's move on!" after that, carla respected her friend's wishes and never talked about the cancer again, even when linda was obviously very ill. right before leaving for arizona, linda called carla and they talked about normal things, then suddenly linda said, "things aren't going good for me, carla." carla tried to reassure her but linda brushed her off. linda normally ended her conversations with a little joke, but this time she said seriously, "i love you, carla. goodbye." then carla said she knew linda wasn't coming back to england. a few days later carla got a package from linda, and inside was a little glass thing of linda's that carla had always liked.   another friend of linda's, the artist brian clarke, visited her the day before she left for arizona and helped her walk around her farm. he's never specified what they talked about, but said that linda knew she was dying.
t3_4qho6i-t3_4qho6i-d4ux132	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7993	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer a little over 2 years ago.  she finished her treatment, including having a double mastectomy, in march 2015.  she's going back tomorrow for tests to see if she has lung cancer, including a mri, pet scan and some fluid being drained in her lungs.  she thought it was asthma because she started having breathing problems this spring.  she's never smoked but grew up in a household with multiple smokers.  i hope that the tests come back negative because i don't want her to have to go through chemo and radiation again.
t3_2kjhdr-t3_2kjhdr-cllxbva	breast_cancer	relevant	0.666	no, often there is no pain with breast cancer, as you are young, most forms young women get are highly aggressive. get checked asap, and don't take no for an answer. it is always better to be safe than sorry, and if you have gone on the pill, the extra doses of various hormones can trigger cancer growth. i had breast cancer at 32/33; don't panic about it, but do not ignore it, the earlier it is detected, the better the outcome. for your sake, i pray it isn't breast cancer. please update.
t3_156xxy-t1_c7juwgc-c7jv4ne	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my great grandfather had mouth cancer that was related to him smoking his whole life. he passed away a few years ago, but that was alzheimer's related. two years after i was diagnosed, my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. and earlier this year, my grandmother was diagnosed, then passed away from lung cancer. she smoked, too, but had the type of cancer that is usually related to secondhand smoke. my great uncle passed away from bladder cancer this year, too.   the weirdest thing is that i was the first to be diagnosed with cancer, with the exception of my great grandfather.  before i was diagnosed, i played basketball and softball. i can't run and i gained a lot of weight from chemo. (60+ lbs that year and have gained weight steadily since because i can't run or walk for long distances and exercise is quite painful because of the bilateral thoracotomies to remove bone tumors from my lungs.)
t3_23d7n9-t3_23d7n9-cgvvphn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5141	hi barbara, i don't really have a question, but i wanted to thank you for your book "bright-sided."   my mom had breast cancer in 2012 and told me about how she felt like she wasn't allowed to be pissed off about it. she couldn't understand her friends who were so positive about cancer and saw it as some kind of learning experience. i immediately thought of your book and sent her a copy.  she loved it and said it made her feel a lot better about how she was feeling. i know she's recommended it to a few people since then as well.   i really enjoy all your books and hope to read the new one soon. thanks again!
t3_37a1oz-t3_37a1oz-crl90um	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5019	i have one the other way. i found a breast lump when i was like 16. i knew cancer was super unlikely but my mum was in the really early recovery stages of breast cancer and i spoke to her and she encouraged me to go to the docs. lump was like garden pea sized. i live in the uk and since i felt it wasn't an emergency, it was like 3 weeks before i saw the doc. i told him about my mum and the lump, and he said he didn't want to examine me since it was so unlikely it would be anything. i nervously asked pretty please, and he did, super quick, then said it was fine.  went home, told mum, she went mental and rang the docs and screamed at them. saw a new doc. he asked how big it was and i said garden pea, and he examined me. sent me straight to the hospital and i was fast tracked through in a specialist ward.   turns out, it was very rare benign fast growing lump. i had it removed about 3 months after the first doctor wrote me off. they measured it. 12cm across and still growing and pressing on nerves and very obvious on a 16 year old's body. ok, it wasn't cancer, wasn't bloody nothing either :|
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrsle2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i went in for my yearly women's checkup, pap smear, breast exam, etc.  the doctor said she couldn't tell if there was a small lump on my thyroid, so she sent me for an ultrasound to rule it out.  i had no symptoms and i couldn't feel this lump myself. the radiologist report suggested i see a specialist, and i saw an endocrinologist a few weeks later.  my nodule was very small and standard of care procedures suggested waiting until it was 1cm to do a biopsy. the doctor said he had a bad feeling about it and decided to override and send me anyway.  within a few days i was diagnosed with a rare form of thyroid cancer (medullary) and had my thyroid, parathyroids, and many lymph nodes removed.  they then found that i had the more common form of thyroid cancer (papillary), and that it had metastasized.  i've had two rounds of radioactive iodine, and hoping for some good news soon, i'm not in remission yet.  they said i would have been terminal in a few years.  i am a woman in my 20s and was in good health.  it's amazing to me that a checkup saved my life, and i hope that more people make it a priority to get checked out regularly.
t3_1394et-t3_1394et-c71z8kd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it probably won't be the most asmr of experiences. most of the time we will just be fumbling around and staring at the ceiling trying to remember all the questions we are required to ask you. we did them in front of our small groups as well and it was just mortifying when you completely blank out and forget where you're supposed to go next in front of everyone. it takes quite a few sessions to really get youtube-level proficient at it. it would be great entertainment though, especially all the sexual activity questions.  i had one simulated patient who was amazing though, my very first one, actually. her story was about her sister dying of breast cancer at a fairly young age and she was coming in for counseling. it was so emotional and it just destroyed the typical paradigm that we're expected to structure the interview in. i didn't really say much, it was much more about eye contact and body language than any other interview i had. she was crying near the end of it with just the most genuine look of pain in her eyes, i was doing my best not to cry with her. she's either the best actress i have seen or there must have been some truth to the story.
t3_3xyzc2-t3_3xyzc2-cy97nnb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7554	i got paragard about 3 months ago. the insertion wasn't pleasant by any means, but bearable. halfway through the drive home i started having what can only be described as contractions. it lasted for about 6 hours, with contraction-like pain every 60 seconds that lasted about 30 seconds each. i have broken my arm and gotten a tumor removed from my breast before. the paragard pain was worse. it made me throw up and gave me cold chills. i know this isn't typical, but it was my experience.  now my periods are crazy heavy. they are accompanied with the contractiony cramps. the only way to get through it is to take something that puts me to sleep. i also get a mini-period pretty much everyday starting in the late evening and it's over by the morning. and those come with mini-cramps, but it's nothing ibuprofen can't handle.   despite all this, i'd do it again. its just so damn convenient. it hasnt affected my running. though i am hoping everything becomes more regular soon or i'm going to buy stock in kotex.
t3_3jnj0f-t1_cur0sz9-curd2vq	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7914	i have seen a patient with a massive breast cancer tumor.  it's so big that you can't even see one breast.  it got so big it split open and started hemorrhaging.  it has grown so large that it's connected to several ribs as well as her shoulder, so now it is inoperable.  so she comes in every so often for a few units of blood because she has been hemorrhaging again.  before she finally came into the hospital the first time, she had been "treating" the mass with cayenne pepper.  she is the type that didn't believe or trust doctors or modern medicine so she was trying to treat it at home with alternative and homeopathic medicine.
t3_10wvth-t1_c6heha1-c6hgeyq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6665	&gt; i can't help but think male breast cancer patients must find all the pink ribbons/shirts/etc. annoying (assuming said male doesn't like pink).  my uncle died of breast cancer, and he fucking hated the whole pink thing.  he told me about how, when he met people who didn't know he had cancer, and he told him that he suffered from breast cancer, the first response would often be: "wow, really? i had no idea men could get breast cancer", and not "wow, i'm so sorry to hear that." he fucking hated all that pink shit.  i still get a bit angry when i see it.
t3_11kw8c-t1_c6nkgdd-c6nq02y	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5205	as a (male) doctor i have to say that breast cancer has a far larger effect than prostate cancer and there's also a good reason to promote awareness of breast cancer than awareness of prostate cancer.  let me clarify: breast cancer attacks women of all ages. it can be found in an early stage and treated if found early enough. the means of finding breast cancer are quite simple and the treatments effective. if you don't treat breast cancer early enough, it will kill the patient.   prostate cancer, however, is a completely different animal. only a fraction of prostate cancer patients benefit from the treatments. for most, the cancer develops on such late age and so slowly that even without treatment the cancer wouldn't have a large effect on their lives. for another great part the cancer is so malign and proceeds so quickly that even with all the best care they die quite quickly and the whole medical process just makes them feel worse before their death. there is a small number of patients who actually would die because of the illness if not treated and of course our aim is to find out which patients belong to this group.  but the problem with prostate cancer awareness is that when men become aware of the possibility of prostate cancer they want to get tested for it. and while there is a test (psa), the test is terribly inaccurate. it correlates poorly with the malignity of the cancer and doesn't tell anything about the prognosis. it can also be elevated with no cancer due to prostate hyperplasia and normal when there is a cancer already developing.  as a conclusion: it is better to try and find breast cancer, because we can treat it and it mostly affects people in their prime than to try and find prostate cancer that we really can't find reliably without harm to the patient and that mostly affects elderly men who most of the time die for some other reason without ever knowing about their cancer.
t3_2i2mdz-t3_2i2mdz-ckyxh2l	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	eh. my friend, who was diagnosed with breast cancer before the age of 30 hates the pink shit. she wishes breast cancer was less cutesy bullshit and more hard facts that actually help women. i get that. she's been through more in her short life that most people have in 50 years. she still deals with chemo brain, she still deals with gaping scars where her breasts once were...she's earned hating it.   so i'd be hesitant to shut it down immediately. because we don't need pink shit to raise 'awareness'. we need facts about how breast cancer metastasizes. we need to understand how to find it, even in young women. we need to know what it means to fight it until the very end. until your ta-tas are no longer 'saved'. until the boobies are not 'salvaged'. until you have scars across your chest and you are a ragged, emaciated version of your former self.   cancer awareness doesn't need to be cute, it needs to be accurate and easy to understand. perhaps that's just me being 'over sensitive' because someone i care about has gone through it. i dunno. but i get the pain of seeing cutesy rhetoric when you've actually seen the reality of what cancer does to a human body. cancer is a motherfucker. those who have had loved ones go through it know this fact well. no need to dress it up in ribbons and bows for the sake of making it accessible. at least in my opinion. you are all welcome to yours.
t3_15jq6k-t3_15jq6k-c7n4hxk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with pcos when i was about 14-years-old. at age 16, my lady-doctor prescribed low-estrogen birth control. during the two-year period without medication i just used a daily regimen of acetaminophen starting after ovulation until my period. i stopped taking birth control (i have a family history for breast cancer and didn't want to up my risks) almost three years ago (a few months after i turned 19), so i've returned to my acetaminophen regimen (not to mention i've added the occasional thc to supplement any needed pain-killers during menstruation). now, i just pay attention to my body and what it's trying to tell me. if i feel i have a cyst, i go to the gynecologist as soon as i can and i make an appointment with the ob labs for sonograms to make sure the cyst isn't above normal size. if it's above, i think, 5 mm they opt for surgery. if under, they prescribe pain-killers (which i don't take, i'm not a fan of opiates - the last time this happened to me they prescribed hydro-codeine and darvocet [this was before the 2010 fda ban]). your girlfriend just needs to listen to her body - in the event that the pain is really terrible (like a stabbing pain in her abdomen) take her to a hospital because that means the cyst could have ruptured. if ignored, the rupture can cause internal bleeding and/or shock, not to mention possible bacterial infections from the fluid.
t3_3v2vh9-t3_3v2vh9-cxki1yu	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6809	i think you are 100% within your rights to be furious with your family, they are cruel and heartless people if they truly think what they said is ok.   when i was 28 i was diagnosed with a very aggressive breast cancer, i was in a brand new relationship (7 months) and was terrified that he would leave me. i gave him the option to leave judgement free as i understood that it would be really hard especially when we were so new as a couple but he turned me down and decided to stay. at the time when i started treatment it was unknown what my outcome would be. we didn't know what the future held and we had to make some really tough decisions that would be difficult for a married couple let alone a newly dating couple. i can thankfully say that after all the treatments and surgeries and my cancer returning for a second time, i am now almost 3 years cancer free and we are still together about to celebrate our 5th anniversary.  my point in telling you is this: he was my rock in my darkest hours, made me laugh when it was the last thing i wanted to do, gave me hope when my days were filled with darkness, and made sure i was never alone. without him i don't think i would have survived. your brother will be able to fill katy's days with happiness when otherwise they would be filled with sadness and that reason alone is why they need to be supported in their decision to marry. she deserves every single bit of awesome she needs for every single day she has left and it's selfish of your family to think otherwise.  continue to be there for your brother and katy, and screw your family who can't get behind them!!
t3_wqj38-t3_wqj38-c5frkxr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6646	my wife's last dog was a white german shepard/golden retriever mix.  almost identical less the black around the mouth and it had "half up" ears.  beautiful mix.  i loved how she had the tufts of fur sticking up between the fingers of her paws.  great disposition too (loved to lean against you).  both breeds are highly trainable.  she used to walk around the farm, following whoever was doing work.  she loved to play in the snow and pull children around on sleds.  she got breast cancer when she was 9 years old.  no one had a clue.  she never complained, but we took her to the vet (she had annual checkups) when we found she was randomly bleeding.  she had advanced cancer (metastasized) and the vet informed us that she was in pain and had to be put down.  it was on my birthday.  only thing to consider about the breed is how much they shed.  we would brush her weekly and she would shed enough fur to knit a sweater.
t3_16d4vt-t3_16d4vt-c7v1749	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you look great!   natural homebirth with two midwives (the same who would attend in the hospital).  bottles with donated milk for as long as possible, switching to formula if donated supply runs out. i've had a double mastectomy and my partner doesn't have boobs either. besides that, we're looking forward to sharing the baby-feeding equally. both of us will be stay-at-home daddies the first year. i know, i know we're ridiculously spoiled in this regard.  cloth diapers at home. possibly disposables if we're out and about or traveling?  co-sleeping-ish, but with the kind of bassinet that goes in the bed with you (it's cold here and we're not willing to give up our big fluffy duvets, so we have to compromise).
t3_2sxd0w-t1_cntz8su-cnu089b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.863	hahah but of course! our minds always like to go to worst-case scenarios. my mind goes straight to breast cancer whenever my breasts hurt or when i'm feeling for lumps. i'm *constantly* convinced i have breast cancer. it's scary, and exhausting. but i just have to make sure i don't focus on it or else i'll drive myself mad. i'm sure you're fine! you stressed without even realizing it? stress can do crazy things to your body.
t3_bsnpi-t3_bsnpi-c0ododq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6089	when i was 11, my grandma developed breast cancer. she was the only person in my life who ever encouraged my love for art, and i was devastated when she lost her battle three years ago.  two weeks after my grandma's death, my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer (luckily she has survived). i was diagnosed 1 1/2 years ago with breast cancer as well, but i'm happy to report that i've been in remission for a year now! i'm also determined to make my grandma proud and not let anyone get in the way of my dream to become a comic artist!  even if i'm only 17, i've been taking as many art classes as possible (i'm taking an ap class now!) and i'm going to graduate this may, and begin working even harder on my skills and promoting my webcomics!
t3_4euvs2-t3_4euvs2-d2hx0mm	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have an aunt that is going through her second battle with breast cancer and she is using cannabis this time and she just got a zero on her circulating tumor cell count. she saw a doctor that straight up said take a gram a day of rso and you will kill your cancer. she takes a blend of thc and cbd. one gram a day is a lot to handle, she couldn't take it orally because it made her totally out of it so she takes it as a suppository. i hope you have as much success as she is.  edit: she is still doing radiation and chemotherapy.
t3_3fu3ve-t3_3fu3ve-cts111j	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	it was harder than you’d think to pretend that it wasn’t happening to me.  i was only 12 when i was diagnosed, and since that moment it had haunted me.  the constant tests strained me to the point of contemplating suicide on nearly a daily basis.  i watched as what had once been a beautiful, loving girl, full of joy and happiness to spare, transformed into a loathsome, depressed, shell of a human being, barely bearing traces of the ray of sunshine she once was, what she had always expected herself to be.  "just pretend it isn’t there,” my parents and friends told me.  “act like nothing has changed.  it hasn’t. we still love you and we’re always going to be here for you.”  right.  just act like you’re not fucking *dying* slowly and painfully.  i simply couldn’t do it.  eating breakfast? *rachel, you’re dying.*  painting a picture?  *hey rachel, remember me, your cancer?  i’m killing you.*  chemistry class?  *that’s some very nice hydrochloric acid… i bet i can kill you before that does, though.*  i couldn’t forget.  i couldn’t pretend.  i was dying, i almost *wanted* to die, and there was nothing i could do about it.  i tried to do everything on my bucket list before the inevitable struck.  i went to disneyland, and was given special treatment.  the thrill is a little less prominent with death lurking over your shoulder in the ominous form of stage iii breast cancer, i have to say.  my defective seatbelt on one of the coasters added a nice touch.  my mom took me skydiving, and i nearly died when my parachute failed to deploy the first time.  i almost wished that i had.  somehow, they managed to afford to take me to amsterdam.  i insisted they didn’t, as my medical expenses were high on their own, but my hands were tied, and i was given a fairly entertaining time touring the capitol.  on the plane ride home, an engine failed.  i remember my mother clutching my hand tightly and my little brother wailing to my left as the air masks dropped as the pilot insisted we remain calm and buckle our seatbelts.  *we are going to die right now,* i thought, almost content with the image, but we didn’t.  somehow, the pilot managed to make an emergency landing in new york.  had we departed even twenty minutes later, we would not have made it to an airport. time after time, it seemed, i managed to cheat death.   when i was 15, i beat the cancer.  it turns out weeks of relentless chemo, countless surgeries, and years of agonizing pain would pay off with patience.  my parents were ecstatic, and my friends were overjoyed.  even i started to crack a smile every now and again, a rare occurrence for me.  my hair started to grow back, and i was able to eat more.   there was no evidence of cancer when i was coming up on my sixteenth birthday, which led to the planning of a dual birthday-and-congratulatory party. *congratulations on narrowly avoiding death about 24 times and surviving another year without dying,* i thought to myself as i mounted my bike for the short ride down to the local bowling alley where the celebration was to be held.      she wasn’t paying attention when she came around the corner; whatever her boyfriend had to say over text was apparently more important.  i have to say, it was probably at least partly my fault; i had headphones in and couldn’t hear her reckless approach.  i always had an affinity for musical theater, and *empty chairs at empty tables* was playing at maximum volume in my ears when she swerved.    years of anger.  pain.  depression.  after barely surviving a defective airplane ride, skydiving experience, a life-threatening illness, and countless other unreal situations, i began to think that maybe, just maybe, someone up there was looking out for me.  maybe life wouldn’t always be so bad.  and then, i died.  -  *this is my first time posting here as i am coming out of a long period of writer's block so constructive criticism is greatly appreciated!  thank you for reading!*
t3_2kri7u-t1_cloevhj-clq2197	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5018	"you know, i had a positive experience with breast cancer and i'm fully cured, so because of this, we should stop screening for breast cancer and just let it happen. it worked for me."
t3_1iw6xd-t1_cb8x5ee-cb8xvrw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it took us just shy of 5 years and a lot of treatment to get pregnant. i've frankly had a hell of a time with this pregnancy, but i do not, and would *never* complain to someone who's trying, let alone having issues with trying, to get pregnant. it's thoughtless and rude. this is in fact one of, if not the first time i'm acknowledging my pregnancy in this subreddit.   and to address a point from another comment, "so imho to be angry with them is the same as being angry with someone for offering you some advice when your parent has died." -if someone told me i could just find a different old person to spend holidays with and to stop sulking, i'd be just as pissed as when someone minimizes the emotional pain of you body's inability to achieve it's most basic evolutionary function. you wouldn't tell someone upon finding out they had breast cancer "well fake tits are better anyways", you'd say "man, that fucking sucks".   and as for your calling failed adoptions urban legends, you should go to /r/adoption and ask how many people have had placements fall through.   not only does immediately suggesting adoption minimize the pain of discovering your body is failing you in it's prime objective, it reduces adoption to some consolation prize instead of the calling that it is. adoption is a great way for some people to complete their family, but it is a disservice to adoptive families and adopted children to bill it as a fallback, instead of a completely different alternative. you don't go around asking fertile people routinely why they didn't adopt/condemning them for wanting bio kids.
t3_1f2u1k-t3_1f2u1k-ca6n8tn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7521	watching my mum suffer through 4 years of fighting cancer before loosing her battle this year! 4 years, 4 different types of cancer.   the hardest part was every time we seemed to get a break, thought she was in remission and on her way to recovery, something else would happen. we went from kidney cancer, to breast to brain then bone. the hardest part was the prognosis, every time she went to the doctor it was revised down. her last 2 months were spent in a hospice and i spent all day everyday at her side.   what really got to me was the pain she was suffering at the end. they had to give her so many drugs to keep her pain free that most of the time she was asleep or just not with it. then there was brief moments of clarity where she would tell a joke, or have a laugh with us or even ask us to buy presents for people so they "wouldn't forget her", before she fell asleep again, that really crushed me.   my mum was my hero i wouldn't be where i was today without her and seeing her suffer like that almost broke me. my mum knew this and wanted us to remember the good times so thought of everything. two days after her death my aunty and gran gave me a memory box my mum had made (for both me and my younger sister). she had apparently started if after the second cancer and had pieced together a box of all her memories of us, from our hospital wrist bands from birth, to our first pair of shoes, school reports and countless photos. my mum thought of everyone else above herself even in so much pain, and i only hope i have half as much strength as she had, as no matter how bad it got she never gave up and fought until the very end. she even would not let herself go with me and my sister there, literally hours after i left the hospice she passed away with her sister at her side. she was 49 years old, i'm 23 and my sister is 21 (mum didn't make her 21st) she died so young and her last bit of advice sticks with me "just do it, life is too short!"    sorry for the long post but once i started i couldn't stop, it's strangely therapeutic to write it out. i could say so much more but you get the idea!   edit added her age and mums advice.
t3_exr3p-t1_c1brx4l-c1bs5ho	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7523	&gt;a) we had proper nutrition, and, b) our malnutritioned bodies weren't under constant attack from toxins.  nutrition certainly plays a part, but the whole vague idea of "toxins" cause cancer has long since been shown to be wrong. there are a few important toxins that play a significant part, such as nicotine and asbestos, but toxins other than the few major well known players cause very few cancers.  &gt;there is no profit in the cure or prevention.  well actually there is. this whole myth completely fails to grasp how science and the pharmaceutical industry works. scientists like 3 things. money, the respect of their peers, and making awesome discoveries. an effective preventative measure for cancer would get them loads of all three, and accordingly there is lots of research and development in this area. hpv vaccination jumps to mind.  even in the pharma industry while one company with drugs on the market may not gain from the development of treatment strategies, most preventative things like this are developed by start ups, and in these companies they stand to make a massive amount from prevention. cover-up just aren't possible. say a group of scientists develop a prevention method. a big pharma company doesn't want this to come to market, so what can they do? do they kill of the whole team of scientists? all it would take would be one of them to survive and release the data to make the whole enterprise worthless. and of course systematic mass murders like this just don't ever happen and are impossible to get away with. even whole countries rarely get away with killing one person these days. do they buy off the whole team? well to do this they have to pay every single person in the team, more than they stand to earn from the product. this is an unreasonably large amount of money.  &gt;i had an aunt who was diagnosed with breast cancer. she stopped eating meat and began using supplements, in particular noni juice. she felt the cancer liquify and past it through her urine. she is now cancer free. she avoids as many toxins as possible and insures she has every nutrient her body needs.  well, by stopping eating all meats she will have actually increased her risk of bowel cancer, the oily fishes are good, noni juice the jury is still out on but most of these food interventions don't work. i'm also hoping the cancer didn't past through her urine also otherwise she kinda must have renal failure.   &gt;so, with their $800 mil budget they haven't cured cancer and for free i just gave how to prevent it. think about that.  well clearly you haven't given us how to prevent it. perfect nutrition and people who live in the most toxin free environments in the world still get cancer. the change in toxin levels barely even changes cancer rates. as to why we haven't cured cancer, if you knew any of the biology you might realise that it is a very, very difficult thing to do. the scientific advances into preventing it have made a great deal of progress though.
t3_37ltsa-t1_croiw5x-cromvvt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fundimentally, i think that technology like gene selection technology will mostly be used in the short term to do things like prevent genetic diseases, to remove genes linked to breast cancer and alzhiemer's, to add genes that we know are linked to longevity and longer lives, and eventually to select for genes known to increase iq by a couple of points, things like that.    it's not as exciting as a lot of the science fiction interpretations, but it will significantly improve the quality of human life.  we can do most of this with just ivf, but ivf is difficult and expensive; if we could use, say, some kind of artificial womb instead, then it becomes a lot easier.  in the longer run, i think things are going to start to get interesting when we start using either genes from animals or novel genes that were never in any life form at all.   that's a lot farther off then just using human genes, since it's going to be a lot harder to know that those kinds of genes are safe and effective (we're probably going to have to have a much better theoretical understanding of what genes do then we do now), but in the long run, it might lead to a big increase in human diversity, with many different "types" of humans co-existing.   so long as we can create tolerance and understanding and non-discrimination of people with differences, i think that is a very good outcome for humanity; historically speaking, a diverse and cosmopolitan population where people have different points of view tends to be more creative, to come up with more creative solutions, and generally to progress faster then a population where everyone is the same.  i do also agree with you that this kind of thing would make colonization of space a lot more practical.  the idea of sending just frozen sperm and egg to another star, and then "growing" humans about 25 years before you get there, is a very interesting one, and one possible way to do colonization of other stars.  it's probably a lot easier then either suspended animation or a generation ship.
t3_1ksc0b-t1_cbshgzl-cbsidbw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5002	and the hidden thing is the stress about the bills will kill you. i have a male friend that has breast cancer and double insurance  (both his and his wife) the bills are killing him. really killing him.
t3_1rrwe3-t3_1rrwe3-cdqcr7x	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7958	about two years ago i was a happy person but things went to hell afterwards. my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer but after some time she was better but me (her only daughter) was stupid enough to admit to her i like other females which broke her heart and in fact she called me disgusting. it bothers me so much that i admitted this to her, so damn much. after a while i introduced her to my girlfriend at the time and they both got along great. my gfs birthday came along but i couldnt celebrate it with her since i was going to visit my mom for a checkup. that day the doctor told me and my mom she had a week to live tops. right now im realizing how it muat have not hitten me very well because i put a brave face on and acted as if nothing happened even my mom had nothing to say. it was too surreal it was too horrible i needed to talk to someone to ask what i should be feeling because i am obviously doing it wrong. i called my gf and she came by the hospital and i had to tell her because my mom decided she wanted to leave to mexico to see grandma and die there. my gf cried as if it was her mom which made me feel horrible because i had yet to produce a single tear. to make this story shorter and save myself now from sobbing, my mom and i arrived in mexico and she was finally happy with her whole family, but this only lasted for three days. my mom felt it was her last day and apologized to me about how she reacted about my sexuality and even said ahe liked my gf and then she said she loved me so much. i remember i was putting lotion on her hands and i felt it. i felt her leave me. she was in front of me but then she wasnt anymore. at that precise moment i screamed to call the doctor or nurse whoever could here me but i already knew it, she said goodbye because she felt she was leaving me. now you can imagine how terrible i felt but it was multiplied when my phone rang i didnt check my phone until i had gotten home trying to convince myself this wasnt happening..so i check my only message it was my gfs brother had texted telling me my gf was in a car accident and in the passenger seat was another girl she was cheating on me with. that moment was probably the hardest most unbelievably painful things ive had to go through. i still til this day regret not spending more time with my mom and instead of giving her grief about someone i thought i was going to marry should have left that person leave. my mom should have been my only priority.
t3_49fgbz-t1_d0s0844-d0utxzr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no.. this is how i got covered to see a psychiatrist and it was covered under my bc care card. with a doctors referell, they look for you because they understand that it is a medical need and therefore cover it with your canandian insurence. heck of you have breast cancer that leaves you deformed after surgery and it causes personally insecurity and anxiety a certain % if not close to all of it can be covered. so it's always recommended to check with a gp and go from there. :)  good luck!
t3_m0g8a-t1_c2x3l1r-c2xasp2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i love the bh&amp;g cookbook. it is packed with info on tons of cooking tips and terms. i have a pink breast cancer awareness edition that comes with some bonus recipes and my boyfriend happened to have the regular copy. they are identical minus the few extra pages.
t3_1y09rb-t3_1y09rb-cfgicau	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i felt a lump in my breast. i went to see my gp who told me it was probably a fibroadenoma because i had no family history of breast cancer. i was sent for an ultrasound and they decided to remove it. but told i was going to be fine, because 25-year-olds don't get cancer.    a week after surgery the surgeon called me to tell me that what could  never ever be cancer, was in fact, cancer. i had to do more surgeries, chemo, radiation and i take an anti-hormone pill everyday. it was stage ii and hadn't spread to my lymph nodes. in fact, my cancer is indicative to a post menopausal woman. slow growing, with more research behind it, and higher survival rates. my chance of recurrence is in the single digits. i do not have any known genetic markers for breast cancer. i don't know why this happened to me. it does give you a different perspective on life though.  i had my yearly mri last monday and everything looked normal. which makes me a 2 year cancer survivor. fuck yeah!
t3_2yjzix-t1_cpa8kc2-cpagd99	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had once gone to check small, hard lumps under my nipples (i am a guy). i thought i had breast cancer at the age of 14 for like 2 months. turns out it was a normal thing that happens to a guy going through puberty.
t3_3r2l32-t1_cwlorcd-cwm82dv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8016	"i don't care about your confirmation bias or your anecdotes."  and i don't give the slightest fuck about your stupid, mainstream, hangups, and "scientific studies". they're fucking worthless, just like you and your dick sucking establishment views. i've already witnessed a family friend acquire breast cancer and her subsequent treatment with cannabis oil and the reduction of her tumor by one third, according to her doctors, before she had her breast removed. tumors don't just shrink on their own, ya know.  **is it really that far of a leap from in vitro to humans?! of course it isn't. in fact, when one considers how non-toxic cannabinoids are, and how easily they incorporate into our bodies, and stay there, sometimes for months without being passed through the urine, it should be expected. you act as though science is a magic switch which makes something active, or not.  science simply discovers things **that were already there.** it doesn't matter one iota if these studies are performed- people will still be curing themselves of cancer with cannabis regardless of what they find. if the guzman study confirms cannabis cures cancer- what does that say about people like you? what does that say about all of the people that cured themselves of cancer long before it even started? what does it say about cannabis?  "pick apart"? yeah, ok. you think that just because these articles don;t say it outright, that it must not work? how fucking stupid are you?  "anecdotes and confirmation bias don't even approach conclusive anything."  you're a fucking shill, bro, and you know it. you're literally being paid to smear this type of information, and you therefore no better than just about anyone that cannabis is indeed the cure. do the world a favor and jump off a bridge, **or better yet, acquire cancer and die, you don't deserve to live on this planet you fucking smuck.**  "anytime anyone demands anything more than some poorly controlled anecdote you dismiss them as shills or brainless corporate zombies and tell them to go die of cancer. good one."  **what do you not understand about how things work? the medical establishment is fighting tooth and nail, literally paying people like you handsomely, to enforce the status quo. they aren't interested in finding a cure, and every corporate outfit in the world is against it. so, why do you expect to hear it from a mainstream source, but more importantly, why do you trust corporations more than your fellow man? you can literally watch dozens of videos of people pouring their hearts out, often taking great risks, to convey the knowledge they've gained with cannabis and caner?  you just brush them to the side as if they're all lying! go ahead, call me a liar, dude. you might as well be more direct.   if you get cancer, don't come running to cannabis. do us all a favor, and fucking perish.
t3_4jw9y9-t3_4jw9y9-d3aa1bm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7442	i had breast cancer tumors removed  a couple years ago. the biopsies were sent to some company for genetic testing to determine the efficacy of chemotherapy  vs hormone therapy before either was started.  the process and reliability seemed fairly well established at my oncologist's office.  are your findings  similar to the breast cancer testing but for solid ovarian tumors?  can your findings be extrapolated to non reproductive system solid tumors?  are they applicable to male solid tumors such as to give predictive data for prostate or testicular cancer?  i understand that things are still experimental- what i am seeking is your thought process, your scientific "i wonder if..." moments"  thanks for your answers.
t3_1ksc0b-t3_1ksc0b-cbsd7eh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can say some things about universal health care in my home country norway. i have lived in the us and the netherlands and my wife is american so i have some ability to compare.  one obvious difference right off the bat, is paperwork. in the norwegian system you seldom fill out any paperwork, you don't need any ids or cards when visiting. you just need to know your national id number (sort of like social security number). in the us i find that one often has to fill out all sorts of disclaimers and agreements.  in norway we pay subsidized fees for visiting a gp. the cost of a visit is usually around 18 dollars. you usually pay something for most things, but you stop paying anything as soon as your expenses get too high. e.g. there is a ceiling for medication. so if you go beyond this you don't have to pay. the pharmacies don't count pills in norway, they give you the whole package. prescriptions are electronic so the when the doctor fills out a prescription for you it is automatically available in any pharmacy in the country. you can just walk in and give them your personal id.  hospital visits are free. as i said, basically anything really expensive is usually free. so e.g. it is free to get cancer treatment but you pay to visit your doctor and ask about a common cold.  gps work as gate keepers. you can't see a specialist directly unless you talk to your gp first. gps run their own business but get money from the government to give subsidized prices as long as they take part in the national health care system. everybody in the country is assigned one gp. usually you go online and select one from a list. there are also gps who are not part of the national scheme. they may charge whatever they want and run things how they see fit.  hospitals are government run. there is free choice of hospitals and they get paid for service in addition to getting a fixed budget, so there is some competition among the hospitals, since the more patients you get the more money you get.  from visiting american hospitals, i'd say norwegian hospitals are well equipped with modern equipment but there is a lot less frills. the food selection will be a bit more boring. the interior is a bit more boring and you have less flatscreen tvs and that sort of thing. american hospitals also has a lot of security. well america in general has a lot of security. in norway people are generally quite trusting of each other and there isn't much security. hospitals don't have security cameras, guards etc in norway.  norwegian hospitals probably have a more holistic approach to health care. e.g. when giving birth there is no nursery. the emphasis is for mother and child to be close at all times. breast feeding is a big deal, and they have specially trained nurses helping mothers with that. mother father and child get to stay together at a patient hospital after birth. there you can learn how to take care of your child and push a button to get assistance whenever you need it. it was quite a nice hotel room we stayed at last time. during birth both a nurse/doctor and a midwife take part. midwives is a natural part of the health care system. before birth the mother usually goes to a local health station for checkups and consultation with a midwife. some alternate between using a midwife and their gp. the midwife will come to your home after birth and look at your home situation and give advice.  one major difference between the us and norway, is that as a citizen you are part of one all encompassing system. the government will send you letters about health checks for your kids, vaccinations, pre filled out tax returns you need to look over etc. you don't have to figure out as many things on your own.  attitudes to care is quite different. in the american system i often find a high eagerness to do something. e.g. when visiting an american gp when i had a common cold i was asked to take painkillers, antibiotics and what not. in norway your gp will often tell you that it is nothing serious, just take some rest and you will get well by yourself. sometimes that can be a bit annoying. it would be nice with a happy median between the american overeagerness towards treatment and the norwegian it will sort it self out by itself attitude. to my norwegian eyes american doctors are shockingly eager to suggest painkillers. norwegian doctors will very seldom suggest painkillers.  there is some private health care in norway, but it doesn't work the same way as the us. since everybody is covered by the public there is no money or point in offering full range of services. the private sector usually caters to areas were the public sector fails. serious conditions like hearth attack, cancer etc is done exclusively in the public sector, because it works quite well. private sector focus on elective surgery, because there can often be a long waiting time for knee operations etc. this is usually organized as clinics open from 8am to 4pm. you go in and get your surgery and then then send you to a public hospital for recovery. so the private sector can usually run their operations quite cheap because they don't need to have hospital beds or support emergency care. thus getting private health insurance in norway is quite cheap.  if you have to wait longer in the public health queue for elective surgery than time the government guarantees as maximum they will buy service from the private sector for you i believe.  in general i am farily happy with our system. i thought the care and attention we got when my wife was pregnant was really good, and has been really happy with the cancer treatment she received here. but i wish the interior of some of the hospitals was nicer. it could be more cheerful i think. hospital food could be better. i liked the dutch gp system a bit better. they had drop in hours during the first hours of the day. we don't have that here. usually if it is really important i can get an appointment the same day, but generally it takes 1-3 days to get an appointment in oslo. in smaller towns it can sometimes takes weeks however, so it varies.  i think there is a lot of improvement possible for the treatment of the elderly. when people get quite old it sort of seems like they are not prioritized as high anymore. retirement homes are often drab places and many elderly don't get the amount of aid and assistance they need in their daily routine.
t3_yxv6v-t3_yxv6v-c5zs5kf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7587	this hit home for me, cancer is my absolute biggest fear and last year i found a lump in my breast. my grandmother died of breast cancer, i was going out of my mind with fear.  first, try to avoid the compulsion to keep feeling it, you'll just make it more tender. the fact that it is tender can actually be a positive thing, if it's a swollen lymph node due to any number of benign things like minor bacterial infection, slight inflammation, virus, it will be tender to the touch. there is also a possibility that it's a cyst.  remind yourself of these things. the doctors all told me typically tumors are not tender, especially in early stages, so i mean it when i tell you that the fact that it is sore could be a good thing, that soreness is usually from inflammation and irritation. moreover you have a ton of lymph nodes in your groin, those little buggers are incredibly sensitive, even allergies can cause the little bastards to swell and hurt, and they can take a few weeks to go back to normal and yes, it's normal that only one becomes noticeably swollen and sore. also, even if it does turn out to be a growth, the odds are actually in your favor that it will be a benign one and not cancer.  until you can get in to see the dr. take on a challenge (i learned to knit a flying pig....yes, seriously) it could be a new language, a small building project, anything that forces you to focus on what you're doing and takes your attention away from the pesky little bump.  for me what happened was the lump was large and tender, i kept fiddling with it and it got incredibly sore so that when i got in to the doctor the exam and tests hurt like hell. i was visibly shaking through everything, texting friends furiously between the mammogram, ultrasound, and exam to keep my mind busy then they called me back for the results, i thought i was going to throw up until the dr told me that i don't have cancer at which point i just wanted to go to sleep because suddenly i felt like the world was lifted off me.  if you'd like to talk (i have a lot of experience dealing with this particular fear) feel free to pm me
t3_3uo16o-t1_cxgjmka-cxgjwhl	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	malnutrition nearly killed my mother in her battle. she wasn't even drinking water at one point she was so sick. she needed to be hooked up to an iv for two days post treatment because it was such an intense regiment that her body would nearly shut down afterwards. she would throw up just after a single sip. i once yelled at her because she didn't finish her pop-sickle when the nurse told her she had to.  i remember he being concerned about what she could eat and could not eat and i had to call her doctor and ask if she could eat a hotdog and he said 'at this point if she's hungry for something, it doesn't matter what it is as long as she is eating at all"   it was a very hard road to be down. her treatment lasted a little over a year, and it was very heavy experimental chemo and radiation post mastectomy. she had stage iii breast cancer with permeation of the outer chest wall (a few lymphs and her ribs). she was given a 42% chance of survival with chemo, the odds weren't in her favour. even today it feels like a bad dream. i still have nightmares and panic attacks from time to time. at least i'm luckier than this man, because my mother is still up and kicking... a little less pep in her step...but still my crazy lunatic mother who gets me into trouble wherever we go.
t3_cn4qa-t1_c0trm62-c0tsaml	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	same for me, i found a lump right under my left nipple. it was hard and hurt when i moved it around. being a guy, i would have been mercilessly plagued by insults from friends if i had breast cancer (my friends would find it hilarious), considering i'm called "ogre" just because in 6'6 340 and can bench my own weight.   i really don't understand why it would be funny to them though. i'm overweight, but don't have "moobs". i guess a male having breast cancer would be just like a pencil with no lead finding out that the pont du vie was actually in the hearts of mankind (i hate that calendar picture).  i didn't go tot he doctor, and eventually it went away. still kinda nervous about it though.  advice?
t3_1l2987-t1_cbv7wkt-cbveau4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; i was best friends with his best friends lil brother and i had just lost my mother to breast cancer and was going through a really hard time and my best friend told me to talk to thereaper84 cuz he had lost a parent and knew what it was like at first i didnt want to cuz i had also just gotten out of a relationship and didnt want to speak to anyone new but my friend kept pushing me so i finally said ok i will and that night i went on to aim and started talking to him and within 5 minutes i knew i loved him and told him and he thought i was crazy and showed me a picture of him and asked if i still loved him and i said yes of course and then he ended up blocking me on aim for about 2 weeks then he came back on and spoke to me again and then i gave him my phone number so he can call me and we talked for a while then he planned on meeting me one day after school but backed out the night before i was heart broken and so the next morning when i woke up i had no care in the world and dressed like a scrub i wore the baggest clothes i had i didnt even brush my hair cuz i was like whatever and i stood after school with my friend and he kept telling me we had to go to the front of the school and i was like dude chill let me put my bag in my locker and he was like no hurry up come on lets go i was like dude we still have an hour til the late buses show up and he was like no come on and so we went out front and we were just sitting there and im like dude why are we out here and he pointed and said thats why and i turned and saw a lil red car pull up and he got out of the car and i was like oh my gosh you ended up coming and he was like i was coming the whole time i wanted to surprise you and i was like oh my gosh i look horrible and he was like you look fine lol and we talked for a while and then he had to go and i had to go home and then 2 weeks later after meeting me he asked me out and i said yes and then almost a year later he asked me to marry him and of course i said yes lol  *you'er
t3_4zskm8-t3_4zskm8-d6yxd4e	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	please have a frank conversation with your doctor about effective pain management. explain the sensations to him/her exactly as you have stated them here.  i know it can be daunting to advocate for yourself when you are likely feeling overwhelmed by the physical and emotional ramifications of your illness. you can bring up pain management to any doctor; surgeon, oncologist, primary care physician ect., and they will help you. it would be unconscionable for them to allow a cancer patient to leave their office without a plan for dealing with such intense pain. i would recommend trying to see your oncologist about it, but truly any doctor can help. here is a good template for your pain management conversation. you can rehearse this in your head, or even practice with someone else if it is something you are uncomfortable with (i do this before i go to the doctor and it is helpful).   [at end of the appointment, assuming this is a follow up visit with your oncologist. if the doctor does not prompt you for questions, start with the second line of this dialogue as they get up to leave the room.]  doctor: so do you have any questions for me?   /u/mclovin2015: yes. a few weeks before i was diagnosed with breast cancer, i started experiencing bilateral breast pain. it is more intense on my left side. leading up to my diagnosis, i would rank the pain as #/10. since starting chemo, the pain has gotten much worse. i would rank it now as #/10. it sometimes even keeps me up at night. it feels like a radiating pain through my breasts and lymph nodes. it almost feels like my breast tissue is being electrocuted. i would like to discuss my pain management options with you.   doctor: have any of your other doctors prescribed pain medications for you, or do you take any over the counter pain medicines?  /u/mclovin2015: [your answer]  doctor: is the chemotherapy causing an nausea?  /u/mclovin2015: [your answer]  doctor: okay! here's what i think we should do...  that should help get the ball rolling!! good luck and keep us posted!
t3_470dye-t1_d0arxpe-d0asdkg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6682	good luck with your op! i had a single mastectomy back in july and chemo is definately worse to deal with, a bit of pain and soreness and your arms are pretty useless for a bit but nowhere near as bad as i thought it would be :)  i am actually having my implant changed (was supposed to be next weds but been put back a week now) and am waiting for genetic results to see if i'm going to have the other boob done....i try to see it as hey at least i can choose the boobs i want now!
t3_16pkct-t3_16pkct-c7y5x5b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6772	the relationship with my mom.  i took it for granted as a kid...that she would always be here.  but upon entering college and seeing her survive two bouts with breast cancer it def was a slap in the face of my reality.  since my freshman year in college until today i have and do talk to her every single day.  i am very grateful for her!!
t3_wz2he-t3_wz2he-c5hr2q3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* shit not lining up. why can't it just line the fuck up?  * adhd people/kids who are constantly moving. stop it. just fucking stop it, i can't stand it and will duct-tape your ass down in a fucking second.  * people who talk about all the stuff they're allergic to. yes, i get it, you need a special toaster in the commons because you can't eat wheat. it's not that amazing.  * scarves in warm weather.  * the bitch at the college who sends out mass emails to every student, instead of the faculty who happen to be there (seriously, it's just one woman). we're not there right now, no-one gives a fuck about the water being off in a dorm building no-one lives in.  * people who think that free-range chickens means that they live in a happy farm.  * people who think cats shouldn't live outside, and should always be inside (i have a 16yo calico who would disagree.)  * breast cancer awareness. where's the awareness for every other fucking cancer?  * swimmer's ear.  * when i explain to my mom that i *don't* have anyone else to talk to, and she suggests finding friends from years ago. yeah, thanks mom, we probably don't have anything in common anymore, and i don't (didn't) have the internet to find them.  * people who have to suggest/tell me where everything is in a kitchen. i have eyes, i can see where the sliced cheese is.
t3_amys4-t3_amys4-c0if352	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't let your female friends on facebook get all pissy with you about this.  the entire thing was bullshit.  i got no less than 5 messages about doing this thing.  the first one in the morning was this:  "silly, but fun! write the color of your bra as your status, just the color, nothing else!! copy this and pass it on to all girls/females ...... no men!! this will be fun to see how it spreads, and we are leaving the men wondering why all females just have a color as their status!! let's have fun!!pass it along"  the last one of the day was like this:  "something fun is going on... write the color of your bra as your status. just the color, nothing else. then send this on to only girls by inbox...no men... it will be neat to see if this spreads the wings of cancer awareness. it will be fun to see how long it takes before the men will wonder why all the girls have a color as their status. lol!"  it had nothing to do with breast cancer... until they needed an excuse for acting like 12 year olds.
t3_1q3qgn-t3_1q3qgn-cd8uhth	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5057	my mother was going through breast cancer treatments and she made it a point to let everyone know that she was battling it whether it be a waiter or flight attendant. finally one day i was getting a haircut and and she is having small talk with the barber and when the woman asks "how are you?" my mother replied "just surviving" and went into detail concerning her condition. for some reason i just found it incredibly annoying and awkward as the tone immediately becomes heavy so i told her   "you don't always have to bring it up"  at the time i felt like her need to talk about herself and monologue all the time was just annoying but i realize that was how she coped.  i face palm and cringe to this day as it is one of the most insensitive retarded things i have ever said.   she is still alive and making heavy small talk to this day!
t3_4v91jv-t3_4v91jv-d5wi7bo	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6484	i'm so sorry you're going through this. my heart hurts for you!   i'm 33f and just experienced a breast cancer scare, several months of going back and forth with doctors trying to diagnose a lump. i also beat myself up for drinking so much wine for over a decade (clearly linked to breast cancer on top of my genetic proclivities). the waiting period was hell. in the beginning i made myself sick with anxiety and guilt.   it really helps me to **stay present** and root my mind in facts, not the worst case scenarios that haven't happened yet. i meditate and allow myself quiet time to read and calm my mind before going to bed. i do healthy things like stay sober, eat well, and perform kind acts for people, which allows me to take back some form of control over my life.   worrying doesn't change an outcome - it only bombards our systems with stress hormones that make it harder to focus, sleep, and feel good. try meditating or exercising to get out some of that anxious energy. and keep posting, we're all here for you!!! sending good wishes your way. let us know how this turns out.   edit to emphasize that *you are not an idiot.* you had a problem and made a courageous choice to get sober - and now you have two great months under your belt. you can't change your past but you can control your current behavior and how you react to things. try to focus on that. if you need to feel the fear, use it as fuel to stay sober. :) big hugs.
t3_3vuout-t3_3vuout-cxqtzyt	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6792	all i want for christmas is you  edit: i will be passing on all your comments to my dad and brother next time i see them, thank you so much. my dad told me he intends to write in the card again.  i should preface this by explaining the very frequent use of the term ‘bear’ a bit more- its a reference to winnie the pooh, specifically [this card](http://imgur.com/pe7hsae) and the famous line ‘you’re the bestest bear in all the world’ among a few others.  **mum**  1990:dearest darling mark- this card says it all- with you i know this christmas and the others we will share will be more than special- te amo. your wife, helen x (i love you)   1991: dearest bear, thank you for sharing my life for another year. is it possible to love you even more? -your bear x x x  1992: for my bear at christmas 92- just think, next year we 2 will be 3. i love you even more. your bear x x x x  *-my mother was pregnant with me at the time.*  1993: daddy bear- didn't we make a beautiful baby bear? in him we truly are one. i love you still more. -mummy bear x x  1994: well darling bear,  one year and two homes later! &amp; my love for you grows deeper &amp; stronger each corner our lives turn together. happy christmas- the bear. x x  1995: another year! another chapter but the second love growing stronger &amp; stronger! i really am blessed - the bear x x x x  1996: in the year of 'georgie' i find my family of men complete! i often marvel at how beautiful our boys are and then i look at you... all my love - the bear.  -the year my brother george was born  1997: new home, new corps, new town… same warm never ending love- thank you! h x   1998: xmas ’98 -2nd in rotherham -now you're 40 &amp; the bears are growing but never as much as my love for you &amp; another 40 years wont be enough to share with you!!! - your bear x x x  1999: christmas ’99 -nearly 2000, who knows where we’ll be…… but as always anywhere with you!! -your bear x x x   2000: ¡para navidad solo quiero tu! -el oho x x x (all i want for christmas is you! - the bear x x x)  *-in the year 2000 my family moved to costa rica for my parents work. spanish became an everyday part of life. we lived there till 2006.*  2001: ¡12 navidades juntos &amp; i’m still on top of the world, con todo mi amor, tu oso. (12 christmases together!… with all my love, your bear)  2002: what an adventure we are having!!! 3 years since the dance began &amp; and all the steps are getting better- i can’t wait for the next dance- te amo mas y mas y mas… tu bear x x x (i love you more and more and more… your bear)  2003: darling bear, you are the best spanish speaker, best gardener, the best diy, the best trombone player, the best lover, the best driver, best dad, best husband, best dancer, best preacher, best disney guide but more than anything you are my best friend, i couldn't live without you. the bear x x x  2004: dearest bear, 2004 -what a year - so much change! even this tradition. whatever changes for good or bad, in sickness, in health- don't let anyone take away our joy. i love you -your bear x x x  2005: well my love- there were times this year when the joy almost went- but our joy does not depend on the things of this world! we have one purpose and that is the secret of our survival &amp; our amazing love- 2006 will be ok with you by my side- your one and only bear.  2006: darling, darling, bear, i love you all the ‘laptops’ in the world!!! -yours always, the bear xx oxford 2006  2007: the year of the flood, viva españa &amp; being married to a star of radio, news and tv!!! &amp; i cant believe i love you even more- your bear xxx  2008: well darling bear!? the best of ties, the worst of times but still our time, still together &amp; still in love &amp; and long may it be so- i’m going nowhere- you’re the most gorgeous 50 year old on the planet- your bear xx  *-in 2008 my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer. over the next year she had  chemotherapy, radio therapy and a mastectomy.*  2009: very simply, i love you all the black dogs in the world! your bear x   *-we got a dog*  2010: 21 christmases together- looking forward to 21 more! te amor muchisimo xxx your only bear. (i love you very much)  2011: tom’s success and gg doing maths! and then… we are 1/2 way there &amp; i would never have made it this far without you. words cannot describe how much i love you- your bear xxx p.s i’ll make a great granny!!  *-i have no idea what that post script means, there are no grandchildren. must be a private joke.*  2012: hey, we are still here against all odds! and so is my love- paris, spain, olympics were all sparks of light in a dark year. here’s looking for 15 better ones. b x  *-just before my mum got 3 years ‘all clear’ from the doctors the cancer returned in her chest bones, lungs and lymph nodes. over the next 2 years she went through more chemotherapy, radiotherapy and a trial drug.*  2013: -ransomed, healed, restored, forgiven. i love you. xxx  2014: another year, another house, another job &amp; lots of (whoops) others but -same love -same family, same warmth &amp; same faith- here comes 2015. i love you all the tablets in the world. xxx  -*this last year they actually bought eachother the exact same present too, a samsung tablet*   dad  1990: to my lovely wife on our first christmas together, it’s 1990, i love you…… all the christmases in the world  1991: the same old christmas bear sends his love. its 1991 and all’s well! the bear! xxx  1992: to the bear, christmas 1992, the year the bear is with child. with love from a very happy bear xxx  1993: the two bears are now three! it’s christmas 1993 and i'm a proud and happy daddy bear. xxx  1994: it’s christmas 1994 and the three bears are living at the training college and are beary happy.  1995: oh bear, it’s christmas 1995 ad when all is said and done i am still your very own bear.  1996: it’s christmas 1996 and the three bears are now 4! now you have 3 boys and this christmas belongs to us. the daddy bear xxx  1997: it’s christmas 1997 - in yorkshire this year -our two baby bears and me love our very own christmas bear  1998: christmas 1998, all four bears are still in rotherham- 1 bear to leave for the usa on the 27th. it wont be the same without the other 3 bears. lots of beary love, the bear xxx  1999: it’s been a ‘1999’ ‘rudolph the red nosed reindeer’ christmas! as always i am your very own dazzling silver christmas bear! xxx  2000: christmas 2000 our first ‘pura vida’ christmas i told you i’d get us here! feliz navidad as always, the bear xxx  2001: navidad 2001, same old bear, new home, 2 baby bears, lots of beary amor xxx   *-my dad’s version of rudolph’s signature- it featured heavily on letters from father christmas saying thank you for biscuits and milk and carrots for the reindeer over the years*  2002: navidad 2002, our third in costa rica! will we ever get used to this place!! with christmas love, the bear!!  2003: christmas 2008. its been an earth moving, bbc, angel tree, nintendo, beach sort of christmas! our 4th in costa rica!! i remain your dear christmas bear! with all my love, b. xxx  2004: for the bear, navidad 2004! en texas! road trip! new orleans! walmart! as always we were together! with love, bear xxx  2005: christmas 2005, a difficult year but our last in c.r. was fabulous. i remain your loving &amp; only bear xxx   2006: christmas 2006 and it’s an oxford christmas. so many christmases in the past, so many to go! i remain your loveable oxford bear- the bear xxx  2007: christmas 2007, the 4 bears are now 5! with all my love, the bear xxx  2008: christmas 2008. a ‘c’ for cancer kind of year but with the promise of bigger and better to come. as always i am your dear bear.  2009: a new home and a new bear in our lives. one black dog gets changed for another. and now we are the 6 christmas bears.  *-my dad was diagnosed with reactive depression after my mother started to recover from  cancer. living with depression is sometimes called ‘having a black dog’ we ended up with a real, much better one.*  2010: christmas 2010 a white christmas! got through another year with your beary help- 6 bears are together and i love you- the bear xxx  2011: christmas 2011, the one we didn't think we’d have. we are the bears and i wouldn't have it any other way. x x x the bear x x x  2012: new years day 2012- a different kind of christmas and new year but great hope for us all this year. i remain your loving bear xxx the bear x  2013: christmas 2013, a wobbly year but we are together we four. i do love you, your bear x x x  2014 christmas 2014, the christmas we never thought we’d have- so it’s a very happy christmas- all my love, the bear x x x
t3_1ebjn7-t1_c9zgxgj-c9zo6m4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6619	not that i have ever heard of, at least not for a patient without a personal history of breast cancer.   i have heard of women who had breast cancer, then surgery, and then a local recurrence at the scar or surgical site. this is related to the previous cancer and not necessarily the damage from surgery.
t3_3xvh51-t1_cy8cwl6-cy9xqkm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow, as a "survivor" of breast cancer, that she was so young and had it come back... i'm so sorry that you lost her, but you will never imagine how much you would have meant to her. i lost all my friends because cancer in a young person makes everyone around you question everything about t themselves. (i had breast cancer at 32/33 and lost all mine too.) often they don't like feeling uncomfortable more than they love you (or genny - if you know what i mean?) and it's a long, slow process to find new people to fill that space. that you didn't turn and run was such a gift. i hope that in the future you find another to love and cherish as you did your beloved genny. be blessed you magnificent man.
t3_47ps4u-t1_d0f46nj-d0f5afn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7515	i understand the fear of getting the disease, that fear controlled my life for a long time. it still does but not as badly.   i watched my uncle and aunt both die from breast cancer. i knew when i was 17 that i was high risk for breast cancer and wanted to start screenings right away. everytime told me i was over reacted. i checked my breasts religiously. i found out our family has the brca2 mutation and tested directly against my aunts results and found out i too had the mutation. i started screenings right away. mammograms, mri, blood tests, ultra sound every year. it was almost a relief for me when i found out i had breast cancer. but now, i am scared of ovarian cancer. also, higher risk for colon cancer, and melanoma. i had precancer cut off my ass about 2 months after my mastectomy. it's all been a whirlwind.   while i had this strange "i finally don't have to worry anymore" moment, i then started worrying about all these other things. it's been a long year.  thank you for your words, i hope that some of your fear has been alleviated.
t3_4vpmbd-t1_d60m2ia-d60ng2l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	breastfeeding burns calories, so helps you lose baby weight. it also causes the release of oxytocin which a: helps with the bonding with the baby part and b: also causes your uterus to contract, helping it return to normal size and aids in preventing hemorrhaging. breastfeeding can possibly also lower your risk of ovarian, uterine, and breast cancer and maybe even osteoporosis. (the last few are still not definite, afaik.)  edited to add: also, it supposedly helps stave off the return of your period which is always a nice plus.
t3_3gfwfr-t1_ctxriw9-ctxrsa5	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6013	she had severe dementia and a breast tumor that kept coming back. and a surgical scar that could easily be picked at. she would pick at her skin until she could reach the tumor, and if she was lucky she would pull it out and play with it. sometimes she would put it in her mouth and chew.   i never saw her chew on it, but i saw her covered in blood, i mean head to toe in deep, red blood. she lived for another two months after that incident.
t3_2y91az-t3_2y91az-cp7g3r1	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mum was diagnosed with breast cancer in both breasts 2 months ago.  they caught it and operated and removed it from both breasts (plus some cells in her lymph nodes) on 12 feb.  she saw doc on weds this week and she has to have 4 weeks radiotherapy and then she's going to be monitored.  but basically great news as she doesn't need chemo and should be ok.  so, it can be ok.  just take each step as it comes, make sure she knows how proud of her you are and how much you love her and get through it. i have everything crossed for you, bud.
t3_2wxmsz-t3_2wxmsz-cov1a2x	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	if you know rachel, you know that she is one tough cookie who doesn't ask for help.   she's always the one to be offering it to others.  but rachel,  her wife kate, and daughter stella do need help  diagnosis and treatment plan  rachel is fighting for her life, with her2+ invasive ductal carcinoma (i.e. breast cancer ... the really bad kind).  but her doctor's are optimistic because of recent advances in treatment protocols, and we believe she is going to beat this.   rachel will be in chemo for 5 months, followed by surgery and radiation.  overall, she will spend the next year in treatment.  there will be good days and bad days.  for the first week after chemo, rachel was exhausted and unable to do much more than lie in bed.  lost income  rachel is an event photographer.   she needs to commit to jobs many months in advance ... but with the unknown of what the future holds for her health and wellness, she cannot take any future jobs, and has had to cancel all jobs that had already been booked - and the family was counting on the upcoming spring and summer wedding income.  because she is self employed, she does not have paid leave or any protection for illness. this means they are losing a full year of income while gaining new medical expenses.   without help, the financial hit will be devastating.  let's rally for rachel, kate, and stella so that they can focus on fighting cancer without losing everything else in the process.  please help if you can.
t3_2j6pwg-t1_cl98fkl-cl98o2j	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have many people in my life living, "in the land of long, cancer-free living" and exactly 100% are due to real medicine. i had a great-aunt who treated her breast cancer with herbal teas and sugar pills. she's dead.
t3_dilem-t1_c10gqo1-c10hias	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is incredibly sweet! seriously.  i really don't even know what to say. i had a terrible 12th year - most of my 'friends' used me and made me the butt of jokes and embarrassing pranks, but i was too scared to stand up for myself. i just let myself be walked on.  my mom got breast cancer that year and had to have a mastectomy and chemo. home-life and school-life were terrible and i could have used a neighbor like you to reach out like this. a teacher reached out to me a few years later and got me into the society for creative anachronism and started teaching me all sorts of cool crafts and pulled me out of my shell. she is still one of the most important women in my life, she is closer to me than my real aunts are. seriously, this girl will always remember you reaching out and being her friend and accepting her as she is! you and your girlfriend should play d&amp;d or civ with her, and you guys should learn to make stuff - i'm certain this girl has a creative streak a mile wide. i bet she'd really appreciate learning a new craft.  the pen-pal thing is also really cool! pen-pals are great (even when you're an adult).  also, sorry to see a couple of posts here either being creepy, or assuming you're being creepy. nevermind them, you and your girlfriend are awesome for making friends with this girl.  now, would you be so kind as to tell her i think her costume is freaking awesome. that is some sweet armor she's got there!
t3_2pleza-t1_cmy1yy3-cmyo9dr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree with the play however you want.  i had my dude all in pink for breast cancer awareness, running around with the princess wand. (i would tell people who asked that i was bringing the lighter, fluffier side of necromancy. lol)
t3_1fmvk4-t1_cabt111-caclj17	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am terrible?? wow! let me then add we have 2 beautiful daughters together which i have raised on my own. he has made the decision to see them a total of 4 hours in the last 5 years. that has been the only time he has chosen to see them. we got divorced 2003. he stopped replying to their emails long ago so they stopped writting. he never calls. the girls are now 17 and 15. he wouldnt know them if they passed by him on the street.  now...there had to be a screw up on my part for him to "stray" in the first place right? i was diagnosed with breast cancer and couldn't give him or the house the "attention" they needed. so before you call me a terrible person get the whole story....
t3_34ipvk-t3_34ipvk-cqvnjax	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5082	my reaction was to go hyper organized and treat it as an intellectual problem. this staved off the fear and panic or at least kept it  tamped down.  routine mammogram showed two spots.usual breast exam had not shown anything. follow up mammo and ultrasound confirmed. nicknamed them nipple and nametag ( based on location.)  immediately renewed my passport and left the country for an intense week of theater and good dining.  came back and  had the confirmatory  biopsy. i had been told to hold off on any treatment research until i knew what the hormone receptor status was.  got the results, buried myself in medical journal articles  and cancer support group (yea gilda's club!)on treatment options, 5 and 10 year survival rates and reconstruction options.  started  interviewing surgeons who would  attempt the approach i wanted. found one who said she would try it as long as i understood that if things looked different at surgery she would make final decision. i was cool with that.  found a plastics guy who would work with my surgeon on the approach i wanted. checked the hospital and doctor networks and insurance coverage and set a date.  my sister threw a great coming out party for nipple and nametag.  slightly hysterical silliness equivalent to dancing to the fiddling on the deck of the titanic.  the surgeons came through and did what i had requested.  started the screening process for oncologists. found one i liked. encountered  one doc who  would order severe treatment and  said there's a test he wanted to do to guide the care and then sent an email (!) saying oh the test came back good we don't have to do all bad chemo  .  theorizing and acting in advance of the data. nfw.  i am now 6 months into arimidex. i got a tummy tuck from the transplant site, two perky boobs, kept my own nipple which responds to tactile and temperature stimulation but is and probably will remain numb.  my stats suggest i have a 91% chance of being cancer free in 10 years.  i send money to american cancer society but will not become part of the cancer culture.
t3_2uc8en-t3_2uc8en-co7nize	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5971	well, i found out that i inherited the brca 1 mutation from my dad. i figured that out after having a genetic test because i had breast cancer at 24/25. that, and i inherited being super sweaty from him, too. thanks, dad?
t3_14dihm-t3_14dihm-c7c7ivm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6477	i find that lying down helps make the smooshing easier. i'm a ff, so i have a lot of tissue as well.  i have hormonal cysts in my left boob that get bigger and sore right before and during my period. they're round and squishy, sort of like a bath pearl or tapioca pearl. you want to be aware of how your boobs and tissues change with hormonal changes - this was the biggest help for me in terms of knowing what's normal and what isn't for me. i have breast cancer in my family, and everyone who has found a tumor has said that it feels harder, with rougher edges and often doesn't hurt. this isn't an absolute, and i'm not a doctor, but that's a good starting point for determining what you should be looking for. i got my cysts checked out to be safe, as you should with any lump, but when you find something round and squishy and tender, it's most likely an inflamed cyst, which is incredibly common.  so examine yourself in the middle of your cycle when you're not pmsing, and you're not actively bleeding, and then examine yourself during your period to see how you've changed to get a better idea of what your body normally does.
t3_f6ltu-t3_f6ltu-c1dnxce	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i had breast cancer i wouldn't want that bear. i would want to burn that bear though. seriously. it's a disease; would you buy someone a herpes bear with a little symbol on the lip? it's not that nice. sorry.   i think you should just go over with something she likes; ice-cream, donuts, skittles, cherry coke. whatever she likes, could also be a magazine or book or something else, just bring that. and just give her a big hug. that's what i would want my friends to do.
t3_2je991-t3_2je991-clax7p3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am for it, but let me present to you a logical argument against it.  ok, so, you are 95 years old, terminal cancer, and at best the doctors can keep your body alive....another year.  you want to opt out and end your life.  as a consenting adult, lets say thats ok, go ahead.     now you are a 35 year old with breast cancer.  you could fight it, you might even beat it, but you opt out and want to end your life.  as a consenting adult, lets say thats ok.     now you are 18 and your boyfriend just broke up with you and your dad is a complete dick because he doesnt support your idea to go to school for liberal arts.  but you opt out and want to end your life.  as a consenting adult, lets say thats ok   see how things get twisted.  what limitations are there?  cant really have an age limit as that is discrimination.  whats to say a 95 year old with cancer has more rights to end his life than a 26 year old with cancer.  or an 18 year old who just doesnt want to go on anymore?  are you going to say you need a terminal illness first?  what if i just have a mental disorder, it wont kill me, but it makes my life hell and im living in suffering none the less.  shouldnt i have the right to medically end my life?  its just a slippery slope, something that would affect everyone and needs to be handled carefully
t3_3m95g5-t1_cvd2zxd-cvdd7v1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks.  my mom had aml leukemia brought on by volunteering for a breast cancer study where they gave "prophylactic chemotherapy" to her when she was cancer free. i had no idea she was in a study but my sister told me later that mom wanted to help other women so she volunteered.  she came down with it aml in may 2014 and died in march 2015.  the thing with leukemia is that it is deceptive disease. she didn't really look "sick" and was able to walk until the week before she died. there was a ton of pain but morphine helped quite a bit so she suffered most from waiting to die.   one of the signs of aml is small spots all over the body that are literally every blood vessel in your skin bleeding because you aren't making platelets to properly clot them. she had that early on and it went away with remission in august but when she got sick again in december she was always looking at her arms to see if there were spots.  in january 3 days before her 71st birthday they told her "you're going home, there's nothing more we can do". so cold, just like that.   she asked the oncologist, "what'll happen to me? how long do i have?"  "i have no clue. maybe a month?" and he just walked out after that.  at home she got better functioning because the chemo really makes you sick so we were just waiting and waiting for something to happen. my aunt tells me she cried almost every night.  i have known some people to have peace with dying but usually when all their loved ones are gone or they are very old but my mom wanted to live. she wanted to be with me and my sister at least another decade. she wanted to see other countries, she lever left the u.s.  this is probably more than you wanted to know but i just wanted some context as to why i think she was so scared.
t3_ki9qo-t3_ki9qo-c2khlm9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i remember when "married with children" ended, and christina applegate said "i am so glad that i am not going to have to try to survive on just air anymore" (or something very similar to that).  i am sure that she had a few weeks of that.  and yet...  she is still beautiful, still trim. and even having had a double mastectomy hasn't kept her down.    you probably need to worry a little less about what she is eating, and think about the whole person that you thought you loved.
t3_xohqx-t3_xohqx-c5o6tti	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here's your tempering of enthusiasm, straight from the horses mouth:   &gt;although aav2 does not affect healthy cells, if it were used directly as a treatment, the human immune system would probably target it and expel it from the body. that is why the researchers think **a better approach would be to find which pathways it uses and then develop drugs that use them**.  basically this virus would be eliminated by the human immune system and so it only works in labs. but they're hoping they can study how it kills breast cancer and use that knowledge to create much better cancer drugs. years worth of research awaits before this is anything that can actually help people.
t3_1x08ve-t3_1x08ve-cf7ec09	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they installed a web filter. i was the kid wearing a che guevara beret. they already had all your web history monitored. when i found out communist sites were censored, as well as anything to do with breast cancer (which my mom had), i flipped. i told them they can easily just run a search for porn in people's history instead of having a blunt instrument like a filter. they told me to bring them a list of sites to whitelist, but the filter stays.  so i went away, got my computer savvy friends to write a keylogger that could be installed despite the security locks on the computers. all the computers. 50 in all. all feeding logs on a weekly basis to a server in text form.  6 months later, we had admin passwords and usernames. i went to the network admin and reminded him what the principal had promised. i gave him a 3 page long list of sites to whitelist. he looked at it, said "we'll take care of it", then crumpled it and threw it in the garbage in front of me. told him he just made a big mistake, but it was better than i could have wished for honestly.  pumped on self-righteousness, we activated our plan. within an hour, every computer had the filter removed, with the homepage changed to an anti-censorship site. passwords for admins were changed. desktop backgrounds changed to a message in bold: "down with the fascist computer use policy". (give me a break, i was a highschool kid).  only one site was filtered. the school website.  i got called out of my outdoor gymclass. it was a beautiful summer day near the end of the school year. they walked me back to school in front of everyone, who gathered around asking what was going on.  i sat there. defiant. told them it was their own damn fault. that i had tried to reason with them, and they decided to act like arrogant dictators who needed to be taken down a notch. that authority and respect needed to be earned, and they'd lost both. they asked who my accomplices were, and i took full responsibility. all me. they didn't. believe me, but i stayed adamant. unfortunately that didn't save one of them, but he was a bro and played completely dumb. he enjoyed it. in fact, they suspended him because "you were too happy". lol.  when i got back to my class, walking down the green hill, the game stopped, and 40 students gathered at the bottom. i lifted my fist in the air and yelled "suspended!" and got massive cheers. even my gym teacher was laughing and saying jokingly that i was a rabble rouser. being a very good student, this was my act of rebellion, and i felt i was right. everyone in my grade agreed.  next year i won the elections to student council by a landslide, even though they almost took me off the ballot and censored my posters.
t3_1egkgv-t3_1egkgv-ca0fahp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed stage 3 breast cancer at 23 years old and because it was a rapid, aggresive cancer, i met my surgeon 3 days after diagnosis, and had my first mastectomy 3 days after that. after the initial appointment, my parents and i all laughed that we were reassured by the size of his huge cranium, that it made us feel better because he had to have a massive brain. i told him that as i was going under in front of a room full of stanford med students and his surgical team.
t3_45wifd-t1_d01nq3a-d01p5km	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the full list:   &gt;**normal, frequent or expectable temporary side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt; * exhaustion (weariness common from first weeks)   * altered appetite and senses of taste and smell   * nausea and vomiting (50% of women, first trimester) * heartburn and indigestion * constipation * weight gain * dizziness and light-headedness * bloating, swelling, fluid retention * hemmorhoids * abdominal cramps * yeast infections * congested, bloody nose * acne and mild skin disorders * skin discoloration (chloasma, face and abdomen) * mild to severe backache and strain * increased headaches * difficulty sleeping, and discomfort while sleeping * increased urination and incontinence * bleeding gums * pica * breast pain and discharge * swelling of joints, leg cramps, joint pain * difficulty sitting, standing in later pregnancy * inability to take regular medications * shortness of breath * higher blood pressure * hair loss or increased facial/body hair * tendency to anemia * curtailment of ability to participate in some sports and activities * infection including from serious and potentially fatal disease (pregnant women are immune suppressed compared with non-pregnant women, and are more susceptible to fungal and certain other diseases) * extreme pain on delivery * hormonal mood changes, including normal post-partum depression * continued post-partum exhaustion and recovery period (exacerbated if a c-section -- major surgery -- is required, sometimes taking up to a full year to fully recover)  &gt; **normal, expectable, or frequent permanent side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;* stretch marks (worse in younger women) * loose skin * permanent weight gain or redistribution * abdominal and vaginal muscle weakness * pelvic floor disorder (occurring in as many as 35% of middle-aged former child-bearers and 50% of elderly former child-bearers, associated with urinary and rectal incontinence, discomfort and reduced quality of life -- aka prolapsed utuerus, the malady sometimes badly fixed by the transvaginal mesh) * changes to breasts * increased foot size * varicose veins * scarring from episiotomy or c-section * other permanent aesthetic changes to the body (all of these are downplayed by women, because the culture values youth and beauty) * increased proclivity for hemmorhoids * loss of dental and bone calcium (cavities and osteoporosis) * higher lifetime risk of developing altzheimer's * newer research indicates microchimeric cells, other bi-directional exchanges of dna, chromosomes, and other bodily material between fetus and mother (including with "unrelated" gestational surrogates)  &gt;**occasional complications and side effects:**  &gt;* complications of episiotomy * hyperemesis gravidarum * temporary and permanent injury to back * severe scarring requiring later surgery (especially after additional pregnancies) * dropped (prolapsed) uterus (especially after additional pregnancies, and other pelvic floor weaknesses -- 11% of women, including cystocele, rectocele, and enterocele) * pre-eclampsia (edema and hypertension, the most common complication of pregnancy, associated with eclampsia, and affecting 7 - 10% of pregnancies) * eclampsia (convulsions, coma during pregnancy or labor, high risk of death) * gestational diabetes * placenta previa * anemia (which can be life-threatening) * thrombocytopenic purpura * severe cramping * embolism (blood clots) * medical disability requiring full bed rest (frequently ordered during part of many pregnancies varying from days to months for health of either mother or baby) * diastasis recti, also torn abdominal muscles * mitral valve stenosis (most common cardiac complication) * serious infection and disease (e.g. increased risk of tuberculosis) * hormonal imbalance * ectopic pregnancy (risk of death) * broken bones (ribcage, "tail bone") * hemorrhage and * numerous other complications of delivery * refractory gastroesophageal reflux disease * aggravation of pre-pregnancy diseases and conditions (e.g. epilepsy is present in .5% of pregnant women, and the pregnancy alters drug metabolism and treatment prospects all the while it increases the number and frequency of seizures) * severe post-partum depression and psychosis * research also now indicates correlations between lower breast cancer survival rates and proximity in time to onset off cancer of last pregnancy * research also indicates a correlation between having six or more pregnancies and a risk of coronary and cardiovascular disease  &gt;**less common (but serious) complications:**  &gt;* peripartum cardiomyopathy * cardiopulmonary arrest * magnesium toxicity * severe hypoxemia/acidosis * massive embolism * increased intracranial pressure, brainstem infarction * molar pregnancy, gestational trophoblastic disease (like a pregnancy-induced cancer) * malignant arrhythmia * circulatory collapse * placental abruption * obstetric fistula  &gt;**more permanent side effects:**  &gt;* future infertility * permanent disability * death.
t3_wum9e-t3_wum9e-c5glx9l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not currently taking a progestin other than cyproterone acetate, but that's only a weak progestin.  basically you have two options when it comes to a progestin: medroxyprogesterone acetate (mpa), which is available in generic form, and micronized progesterone, which isn't.  micronized progesterone is identical to the progesterone that the bodies of cis women produce naturally. there are two issues with taking this progestin: 1) it's crazy expensive, and 2) it can be converted into testosterone by the body, raising your t, and can cause problems that way. i had a prescription for 100mg micronized progesterone tablets and just for a 30 day supply it came to something like $58! there was no way i could afford it :/  mpa on the other hand is crazy cheap and since it isn't identical to the progesterone in cis women, it cannot be converted into t. in fact, it actually has *anti-androgenic* effects and i've heard of a few cases of trans women getting prescribed it for that purpose. it's a progestin so it should have the same effects on the body as bioidentical progesterone, but without the annoying testosterone issue. the only downside to taking it is that it has been linked to breast cancer in cis women. my doctor won't even prescribe it to me because of that :(  **edit**: as jdirigible pointed out, it has been known to cause depression and apparently it does have some androgenic effects, so beware :/  there are also progesterone creams like you mentioned but i honestly know nothing about them. i've heard good things about them anecdotally and you can apparently order them on amazon, but i don't know anything about them other than that you apparently apply it right to your breasts.  also you might want to read these:  http://biopsychologytstg.cniib.com/biopsychology_tstg/?p=83  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/10632490
t3_1rmdi4-t3_1rmdi4-cdpb5ew	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8063	i witnessed my mom suffer through end-stage (stage iv) breast cancer earlier this year. it had spread to her lungs, her spine, her rib cage, her pelvis, her liver, her lymph nodes (where it started to re-grow after she'd had it removed)... it was everywhere. bearing witness to the complete agony she was in, around the clock, with no relief unless she had been administered enough pain medication to have her in and out of consciousness. it stuck with me particularly, one day when she told me it had felt like she'd lost all of her dignity.  my dad had bone cancer, and i also watched him suffer through all of the different treatments he endured and the pain of his illness. he desperately wanted to live, where i think my mom had made her peace.   my point with all of this is, who are we to tell someone that they must suffer, in the sense that there are no alternatives to waiting for the clock to run out, for their disease to consume them? physician assisted suicide, in the states where it is legal (montana, vermont, washington, &amp; oregon) the requirements are "rigid" (too harsh of a word but it is the first that comes to mind) enough that someone has to be certain this is the way they would like to end their life.   they must have been given a prognosis six months or left to live. i believe they must make two oral requests and two written requests (through their physician). they must be of sound mind.   euthanasia is not yet legal in any u.s. state. but i imagine similar guidelines would apply.  watching a loved one suffer, watching anyone suffer knowing the alternatives of physician assisted suicide and euthanasia are out there and can allow a person to leave this world feeling their dignity is intact, to be remembered how they want to be remembered... it just only makes sense to me to legalize these options.   the ethics of the decision itself is really that person's alone, to "answer to" or whatever happens after we leave this world. the terminal disease forcing the person out of this world is what is selfish... not the person themselves for wanting to leave this world in a humane way.   again, i would like to see these options legalized. but as they are not, people's hands are tied if they feel as though they are suffering to the point of not wanting to live any longer. i think suicide can be selfish if there is hope for a quality life at some point. but again, suicide that is not "legal" is still someone's choice. who are any of us to tell a person that they cannot choose to end it?
t3_4aam3d-t3_4aam3d-d0z8fdj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've always had bendy joints. something that i took more as "party tricks" than a genetic disease. i'd had teeth removed from my mouth when i was a teen because my mouth is so small. i developed an astigmatisim as a teen as well. went from perfect eyesight to crap seemingly overnight. but i never questioned any of it. i had a couple of kids in my 20s. i got super huge. polyhydramnios. along with that, some tiger striped stretch marks that are very deep. i still never thought anything was linked. just odd stuff. nothing that was a big deal.   fast forward to me being 28 and diagnosed with the brca 1 gene. which means i carry 1 mutated gene for cancer. so i went ahead with a double mastectomy. things didn't come to a head until i was 1 year and 11 months past my double mastectomy surgery and i was sitting in pre-op getting ready for my 6th surgery. i'd heal for a while and then all the sudden my incisions would burst open. talk about getting your dr.s attention. thats a stop everything in the office and schedule a surgery room asap kind of stuff. it turns out that my body does not process dissolvable sutures. i also learned that i get contact dermatitis when i have to be in contact with a foreign substance for any length of time. i'm now allergic to neosporin and band aids.   as i was meeting with my dr prior to the last surgery he said "i had another patient like you and i sent her to the *big name university in my state* and she came back with ehlers danlos. as soon as i was out of surgery and home i google it. hoooooooooly crap cannons. it all suddenly made sense. things i'd never even thought about before like, why am i always cold, or why do my veins stick out, especially the one in my forehead. i'm telling you no amount of make up will ever cover that thing. i've had people comment "i want to touch it". really? thanks for pointing it out, dick.   i talked to my mom, she went to her rhumatologist who quickly diagnosed her and set up an appt to see me. it was less than 10 minutes and she diagnosed me.   i do not have the typical pain that most do though the older i get the more things just start to ache out of the blue. my joints crack, all of them, toes, hips, shoulders, neck. probably hundreds of times a day. always have and i believe thats (so far) the reason i don't have pain.   this is all i could think of off the top of my head, if you have questions please don't hesitate to ask. and i may think of more and add it in later.
t3_443o8e-t1_czo513d-czoy0cc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fyi lymphedema is unlikely because you won't have to have an axillary node dissection with a prophylactic mastectomy although i believe they look at a few sentinel lymph nodes (i'm some years away from my solid tumor fellowship days so i'm not sure).  it seems like you understand the subtleties well since you are talking about your specific mutation which is previously undescribed but thought to be deleterious, etc.  one more thing -- given that you have a germline brca2 mutation, and your mother probably had it too although it sounds like only her tumor was tested, have other family members been tested?  is it possible to test her parents and siblings?  if the germline brca2 mutation developed de novo in your mother and her siblings and parents do not carry it, then family history will not be reliable in your case.  best of luck.  i am sure you will make the right decision for yourself, and you sound incredibly well informed.
t3_35otww-t3_35otww-cr6j3sf	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi. sorry you are going through this.  my mother had breast cancer too in the 80s.  it sucks to watch someone you love go through that. i was diagnosed in 2002, stage 3 with 2 lumps in my breast, the biggest being 7.5 cm and one 5 positive lymphs, the largest being 3.5 cm.  i had a mastectomy, 6 chemo treatments and 35 radiation treatments.  i lost my hair.  i had to take significant time off work.   but you know what?  it has been 13 years.  i am officially in remission.  i have had reconstructive surgery &amp; a hysterectomy.  all is good.   this is a really tough time, but it was also oddly good for me.  all the stress in my life melted away and i had one thing to focus on.  i became very grateful for my life.  the experience gave me strength and a new outlook.    hang in there.  pm me if you want to talk about anything.
t3_ryd0w-t3_ryd0w-c49r4vc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom had a best friend in high school whom she would talk to every night on her pink telephone at 9 oclock. they would talk all the time, but eventually as they grew older and graduated they began to live their lives. my mom and her made it a point to call each other every week on thursday night at 9 oclock sharp. my mom's friend was diagnosed with breast cancer in 1989. they would still talk every thursday night at 9 oclock and when she was on her death bed she told my mother that she would let her know if she made it to the other side. well after she died my mothers telephone would ring once every thursday night at exactly 9 oclock sharp. i even witnessed it. it was an old phone with the analog bells so it would do a simple brrring then stop and was silent the rest of the night. it would literally do this every night until we moved 3 years later. it still creeps me out...
t3_43v5mc-t3_43v5mc-czn2z74	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother has stage 4 metastatic breast cancer, which means that the cancer (which she was first diagnosed with and received treatment for almost 15 years ago) has spread to other parts of her body, including her abdomen, liver, and bones (including the skull).  i'm not sure what types of personal experience stories you'd like, so i'm going to tell you about my own personal emotions during all of this. the first time my mother was diagnosed, i was in middle school. it was difficult as a young woman going through puberty and having "all the feels" to really connect with the reality of the situation. i felt very alone and misunderstood.  i am now in my mid-twenties and living on the opposite side of the us from my family, getting my phd. i thought that 13+ years of life after my mom's first battle and coping successfully with loss (my family has had a lot of health issues) would help me deal with such a horrifying diagnosis. it didn't. i felt, and continue to feel, just as alone and misunderstood as i did when i was 12. i started falling behind in classes, stopped talking to friends, and began to isolate myself. with help and push from caring friends and two amazing female professors/advisors, i began going to a therapist. i still have a difficult time focusing all the time, but i do my best to be me and be open about how i'm doing. my mom isn't going to ever "get better," and i accept that. i am angry, distraught, and heartbroken, but i also try to celebrate the time my mom does have, and help her live life to the fullest.  cancer sucks. it is terrible. it affects everyone, too. you should never feel guilty or bad about your emotions and feelings. it can be really difficult, but opening up to someone, perhaps a dear friend or medical professional, can really help cope. everyone deals with these types of situations in different ways, but in my own experience, i was really hit hard by the emotional impact of the diagnosis. therapy really really helped.
t3_15adyy-t3_15adyy-c7kofhu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the thing here is this. me personally? i would feel everything and have felt a very similiar way over another wedding issue like yours. and my instinct and personality made me want to hold it back and not say anything just because im a fixer type personality. that being said, at the time i was a bit different and i confronted and stood up for myself and that's what i would tell you to do.  i got married to my husband at 19 (pretty damn young!). my dress was very special to me as it was something i had gotten from the brides against breast cancer event in my area in florida (breast cancer runs strongly in my mothers side of the family). it was the first dress i picked but it was a size too small so i tried on a bunch of other dresses deciding that one wouldnt work. i was with my mother in law, also, in secret because my mother who has treated me badly since my father's death at 16 would have just made me feel awful about it. it was special and i loved it. i went back with my mom to select a different dress i had decided on and my mom insisted i try on the other ones too. in the racks i found the first one, tried it on and at the convincing of the seamstresses that volunteered bought it with the intention to alter it one size up to my size. it was a big deall too because all the money was for donation and i didnt have very much for our wedding and it was the one thing my husband insisted i shouldn't be jewish on-- that my dad would have made sure i was in something stunning. it breaks my heart because my husband only ever saw my father once and never met him-- but knows through me just how special our bond truly is. my dress was the "big deal" of my wedding-- as much as 600 dollars can be a big deal lol. who cares we were in love!  well 2 months after my wedding my husband's cousin got engaged. we have never really had a good relationship with them and i've never really talked to his girlfriend although together they have a child that is known among the entire family to be a product of her cheating on him. she maintains it's his kid-- needless to say i don't really like her. so here they are now engaged and my mother in law (she's kinda a cold unhappy woman sadly) says (2 months after i just got married and im 20 years old) "amber wants to use your dress at her wedding. she'd have to get it sized up though".   apparently that included my veil which matched and was special too. needless to say i was very offended especially since it was so soon after my own wedding. my dislike of this woman but neccesarry friendliness due to our familial chains including the alterations and the proximity to this request to my own wedding all culminated and i reacted with as polite of an adamant hell no as i could manage. i then  get "well i would think its a compliment and blah blah"-- i explain my point and the subject gets dropped. then later that night my husband's aunt, his mothers twin sister -.-, calls me.  she starts raging at me at how rude i am for this and how awful i am and how i should be ashamed of myself. that it didnt matter they didnt want my shitty second rate dress and all these horrible things to me! i started to cry and said that i didnt deserve any of the things she was saying. that i appreciated the compliment of the request but that it was still a request and that i was allowed to say no and i am saying it.  my husband was in such a rage over this and heads rolled. both my mother in law and his aunt apologized and although i didnt think they understood why i said no and still thought i should give up my dress they said it to appease my husband. but i was satisfied and vindicated as every single other person i have ever told this story to has said they would do the same. end story.  the moral of the story is simple. stand up for yourself. getting help and tips and even helping select vendors and giving opinions of things you liked and didnt like of your vendors is all good and well. you can even share exceptional vendors but there is an extreme and as your friend and happy fiance she should be considerate of your feelings and how she would feel if the situation was reversed.  i would 100% tell her outright what you are feeling and stand up for yourself. you may not be justified to her because she's too selfish to consider your feelings as well-- as in if she reacts badly. but consider what kind of friend is it that you cannot be honest with-- who doesnt consider your feelings in your relationship? i was upset over a dress and i even now have another friend that is getting married at the same place i did and at the same venue and i don't mind it so much. i'm in her wedding and i didnt care about the venue but if she'd picked my colors too i would have been really put off and if its how you feel its how you feel. i also happen to be a wedding photographer on a competitive level so for me i'm a really helpful person to have around during wedding planning lol =d  tldr; stand up for yourself. end rant.
t3_45ncmp-t3_45ncmp-czzqfra	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6687	i watched my mom pass from metastatic breast cancer two weeks after moving into college in early september 2015 after living alone with her and taking care of her for the past three years. she was my best friend and  i know exactly the feeling you describe when you think about going through the rest of your life without your mom. i recommend reading the book "life after life" by raymond moody. it is just a collection of interviews with people who had near death experiences (being officially declared dead and then brought back to life) and dr. moody points out the patterns. being very scientifically minded, this raw data really appealed to me as you can interpret it however you like. for myself, the evidence of the consciousness living on after the complete death of the body combined with my knowledge of the countless phenomenons in the universe really reassured me that life is meaningful and good. i also think it is important that you honor your mom by not letting the mourning process hold you back in life. your mom sounds like a very strong woman (mine was as well) and i am sure that she would rather see you be strong for this painful experience than for it to prevent you from being happy. always remember that you are your mother's treasure and your actions honor her.
t3_25sj6u-t1_chkjrct-chkk3f4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7527	the current method of testing cancer is cut burn and poison... it all has side effects, dying of cancer often already means you lose cognitive function and it certainly means a fuck ton of pain... i know it doesn't mean much, but my mother would still be alive today if that sort of law was around a year and change ago... she died of a rare form of breast cancer that had literally 5 treatments in clinical trials with outrageous success rates... one of the trials even dropped the control group and cured everyone in that stage of the trial... we begged and pleaded with companies to get her in one of these trials or to get the drugs for compassionate use and we were denied repeatedly while she spent her last few months with her liver and kidneys shutting down, losing what made her who she was and babbling a word salad of random thoughts and memories until hours before she passed... i don't want to hear your moral high horsing about people being coerced into things and how it can make the death worse... dead is dead. you don't know if the treatment will work, but you're just as dead without it... i'm not sure how i can make that point any clearer
t3_1rm40l-t3_1rm40l-cdolfbt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	info; wanda's family said these past three years have been a painfully, long wait for justice.  wanda campbell's sister louise couch said everyone that knew wanda loved her.  "a good mother, a good grandmother, a wonderful sister, she was just perfect," said couch.  campbell's daughter shirley justen said that is why it is so hard to believe her mother is gone.  "it changed me as a person, you know? i cannot ever get her back and to lose your mother is one thing. but for her to be murdered, it puts it in an entire other category. and you know, you truly cannot process it. your brain just cannot process mother and murder," said justen.  now this family is devoted to one thing. they said finding their loved one's killer and bringing them to justice is their number one priority.  "that is the last thing i told her when i left her at the funeral home. that is the last thing i told her was we would find who had done this to her," said justen.  couch added that she has faith this murder will be solved.  "we are hoping and i am not going to give up hope. one of these days, we will find out who did it," said couch.  kentucky state police continue to help in that search. but at this time, leads are few and far between. still, ksp detective clayton stamper said he hopes tips will lead to a break in the case soon.  "we would be glad to meet with them to see what kind of information they have," said stamper.  until an arrest is made though, justen said it is hard to cope with such a devastating loss.  "i was diagnosed with breast cancer and my first thought was 'i have to call my mother', you know? then the next thought was 'i cannot call her'. you know, i do not have that support anymore," said justen.  wanda's husband roy was a prominent businessman in hazard. if you have any information, you should call state police at 606-435-6069.
t3_1wyw34-t3_1wyw34-cf6mtat	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5121	i had breast cancer several years ago, and now won't be able to breastfeed if i ever have kids.  it (the surgery) was the right decision, but it's still something i would at least be curious about.
t3_1eb234-t3_1eb234-c9yjhe2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;"my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman," jolie wrote. "once i knew that this was my reality, i decided to be proactive and to minimize the risk as much i could. i made a decision to have a preventive double mastectomy."  this is the first preventative mastectomy i've ever heard of.  how do those doctors know 87% anyway?
t3_3i4ccb-t3_3i4ccb-cudlbyc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with a chronic illness and breast cancer in my early 50's. it was then i was told i "had to clean the church every 6 weeks".  that was when i told them i didn't clean my own house, and why would i do janitorial work? they said i could dust. i told them i didn't do that at home either. in fact, even at my lowest point nobody from church asked if i needed help. my point being that if i could hire a house keeper, so could jesus, and that's exactly what i said. nobody ever called me again, so that line must work.
t3_3j5d5v-t3_3j5d5v-cun8l6r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7522	i had breast cancer so i have a crazy collection send me your address i will send you both a crazy hat and some scarves i used. if you live where you will get snow i have some great winter ones.
t3_4ber63-t3_4ber63-d18thvc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7504	the members of shinedown   i had a friend who was diagnosed with breast cancer and didn't have long to live. she didn't do the whole make a wish thing but we did want to try and give her some cool experiences before she passed. she had a simple list, ride in a hot air balloon, attend a concert, and something else i can't remember.   my dad works in radio and managed to get 3 nosebleed tickets comped to a big show in dallas. nickelback, shinedown, breaking benjamin, sick puppies and maybe someone else. she was so excited. she, her stepdad, and my dad were going and somehow the label heard about her. they called dad and gave them some backstage passes to meet shinedown.   it comes time for the show and her stepdad broke a vertebra and wasn't able to travel, so she asked me to come with them. we got backstage and they couldn't have been nicer. they spent almost an hour with her just hanging out. the doodled on a shirt she brought in, gave her a whole bunch of stuff, way upgraded our tickets, and even called her stepdad to sing to him since he couldn't make the trip. they were truly amazing people and her family always posts the pictures taken that night in her memorial posts and stuff.  i was always a big fan, but that night they went above and beyond and they'll never know how much they meant to her.
t3_43zqhr-t3_43zqhr-czm7akn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7982	this lady is my partner's god son's aunt. she was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer and refused chemotherapy. she opted for natural cures, and was doing well. she had a tumor disappear, but fell out of her routine when she seen improvements which caused the tumors to come back. she has now got back into routine and is trying a new product.  it's real in that she's a real person diagnosed with cancer, trying alternative treatments, but i know nothing about the products she is using or whether they will actually work. only time will tell.  enjoy :)  **edit**  i am absolutely angered by people's reactions here. how the heck does someone sharing a friends story get downvoted?! this friend is fighting the same battle many here have/are and yet because this friend refused chemotherapy and opted for an alternative route you downvote? why?! seriously why?!  i've had cancer, and chemo, so don't for one fucking second think that i am pushing some propaganda. where the heck have i said "chemo doesn't work?". where have i said "you all should try this?!".  oh that's right, because she refused chemo she's a wacko and doesn't deserve anyone's time. the world is a messed up place and whoever downvoted should be absolutely ashamed. you know the struggles with cancer, yet this poor girl gets invalidated because she isn't following protocol?  i thought more people here would be compassionate, maybe reach out to her with advice and what not. cancer is a scary thing to go through, and when your life is in the balance you want to do what's best for you! and if that means not going through painful chemo treatments thats a choice you make on your own.  but for heavens sake don't invalidate a girls journey because she doesn't want chemotherapy. look at what /r/gadgetqueen posted. "don't share this crap here". so wait a second, you are telling me not to post my friends journey because she refused chemotherapy? sick and twisted people!!  downvote all you want, i couldn't care less. this has just shown me how heartless people really are. even when people have had cancer, or are fighting this illness, they still find it in their hearts to press the downvote button just because she wants to try an alternative cure.
t3_1tsr5h-t1_ceb2xdo-ceb3d94	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7545	i am grateful for your comments; alas, my partner is deep in a paranoid world of anger and hatred; any attempt to even suggest that there is a problem is met with a vicious, sometimes violent response... she has had 10 years of deep trauma, caused first by an unexplained fall from a third floor window (possible suicide attempt?), resulting in a broken back, and then the onset of breast cancer soon after. she has entered a vicious feud with her surviving parent and siblings; and i am afraid is a lost cause. i have to work to keep paying the mortgage for this house, although i am past retirement age, and would love to sell up and downsize; but the only way to do this is to file for divorce against an irrational disabled person who knows how to play the system, and is gradually filling the house with more and more junk and clutter. she is already in therapy, but she is adept at deception, and naturally, i am unable to act. my only recourse, i believe, would be to leave the house (which i alone have paid for all these years, but solicitors tell me this would not be wise...) we have 4 children to whom she still shows affection, and they are fully aware of the problem, but as a family we are lacking in a strategy to deal with it. so you can see it is much more than simply a hoarding problem, although that is the awful outermost manifestation of something else; (or perhaps it is a separate, parallel issue...
t3_1h4srd-t1_car2ypj-car3idf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7557	all you have to do is look up how to give yourself a proper breast exam.  just do it in the shower.  (remember breast tissue goes upwards way past the breast area)  every time you take a shower.  get to know how your breasts normally feel, especially in different stages of your cycle, and take note of any irregularities.   an added bonus is that massage can help if you have tense breast tissue.  i do it because my grandmother had breast cancer (she caught it *super* early, thanks to being diligent about her self-exams, the mass was only like 2cm ) and so i have to be careful since breast cancer risk increases exponentially when you have any family history.
t3_kmjh3-t1_c2lh4r8-c2li370	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7552	it may well have been this actually.  this was the woman who back in 1994 went to see *schindler's list* after her first radiation treatment following her lumpectomy (breast cancer)... just to remind herself that there were people with much bigger problems than hers in the world.  so that probably is indeed how she meant it.  but over the years we still refer to it now and then and the sentiment seems to be more about the apathetic nature of people today.  usually the 80/20 rule comes up after we've been commiserating about shitty days, bad service, small "injustices", etc.
t3_277g7i-t3_277g7i-chy7bj7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is a different kind of badass.  back in 2008 20 year old me won two tickets to warped tour courtesy of a local radio station in a town 300 miles away. i had to borrow money from my family to make it to the show my hometown was on the way so i picked up my little brother and we were off.  several hours of 100+ degree heat in an open air location later, little bro is starting to get sick from dehydration. while we were looking for a water tent i see a dkms/ boarding for breast cancer booth and decide to check it out. i ended up letting them take a cheek swab and signing up for the dkms bone marrow registry. i thought nothing of it at the time because they told me the match rate was less than a percent.  two years later, i'm slogging home through a snowstorm having just been canned from my shitty call center job when my phone goes off. i answer and it's dkms. i might be a match for someone, would i mind some additional tests?  6 months of blood tests and checks later i'm an amazing match and they fly me out to denver for the donation. i'm put up at a nice hotel with a car service to get where i needed to go. four hours of old eddie murphy movies and terrible hospital food was all it for me to give someone a new lease on life.  tl;dr- random concert ticket winnings let me save someone's life two years later.
t3_4150pj-t1_cz06s31-cz077ln	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yeah, she has one. she asked me before she finalized it and my dad and her mother know.  she was diagnosed with breast cancer about a year ago. it was stage 1a, a not particularly aggressive, non-brca variety, and she is doing really well, full remission with little reason to believe they'll be back in the next 5-10 years. but it was kinda a wake up call to get her affairs in order, just in case.
t3_1yle5f-t1_cflu8sc-cflvatb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you focus on understanding the cause behind a problem and preventing it. what about the punishment, which is the justice's main role? it is not the role of justice to fix poverty or implement education.   if you apply norway's justice to south africa what's going to happen? you will release the criminals back into a dysfunctional society that will once again push them to commit crimes, so what is the point? you will teach them some skills but do you really think most of them will suddenly find a job in their societies with a rising rate of unemployment?  your view is purely idealistic as shown by your last statement. humans will never live under the same conditions. you want to fix their societies so everybody can live happily so the crime rate and recidivism lower. you can't do it. think about the most effective solution you can do for their society, not about the most effective solution if such and such factors were present.  you're like a doctor consulting with a patient who was just diagnosed with a very advanced stage of breast cancer and telling her "you should have lived a healthier life, you should have exercised more, you should have eaten better, we could spare your breast if you had come 4 months earlier". doctor, it's too late. she needs to have a mastectomy at this point, it's the only solution.   you want to apply norway's justice to mexico it won't work. different solutions for different societies.   at the end of the day, it all comes down to one's perception of life and death. no matter what anyone says, if you believe justice doesn't have the right to take someone's life, you will always try to justify your pro-life view.  we believe what we want to believe and we see what we want to see. i want to see the most brutal criminals dead. you want to rehabilitate them. we are both bound by the same laws and the same nature and yet we think very differently.
t3_283j0m-t3_283j0m-ci7j4za	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand how hard it was for you to draft this and the conflict you feel over your past history with your nmom and what she is facing.  you are free to accept or ignore any and all of these suggestions.   consider changing some of your indirect demands and statements to direct demands and statements.  for example:   &gt; ~~i want you to~~ tell my molester and his wife to stop contacting me,  &gt; ~~i have been going through therapy to deal with~~ (don't give her material to use against you)   &gt; *i remember all* his sexual molestation of me - i have memories going back to when i was about 3 years old. ~~i have also been processing~~ *i remember all* the emotional abuse you inflicted on me.   &gt; ~~ignoring~~ *you ignored* me,   &gt; ~~ignoring~~ *you ignored* my pain,    &gt; ~~failing~~ *you failed* to empathize,   &gt; ~~failing~~ *you failed* to nurture,   &gt; ~~making~~ *you made* everything about you - it's clinically called narcissism.   &gt; *there are too many* incidents that immediately come to mind - ~~the hours~~ you left me on my own *for hours* in my room or in front of the tv and  *you* let~~ting~~ me wander around neighborhoods for long periods of time - even as a 5 year old.   &gt; ~~slamming~~ *you slammed* my fingers in a car door and ~~ignoring~~ *ignored* my screams while you struggled to lock the door and re-slammed it on my fingers.   &gt; ~~fighting~~*you fought* with me in the drive way over my outfit while my lip was bleeding and so swollen i could see it when i looked down my nose   &gt; ~~telling~~*you told* me i couldn't go to africa on the grant i won.   &gt;~~telling~~*you told* me i am responsible for contacting my molester   &gt; ~~and~~*you* never ever ~~saying~~ *said* you were sorry that it happened to me, much the way you never expressed sympathy that my x-husband beat me breaking many bones.  &gt; i will not visit you, or call you, ~~but if you want to write back i will consider writing you~~   &gt; i will not visit you, or call you, ~~but if you want to write back i will consider writing you~~  &gt; ~~i recently had a breast cancer scare~~ (do not give her material to use against you) ~~so~~ i know how scary the possibility of death can be when it is looking you in the face.  you are not as isolated as you might think. please consider telling your friends you are stressed due to your mother having told you she is dying. you don't have to relate the backstory or your inner conflict. they will respond to you asking for support. and you can come back here to talk about what you are dealing with emotionally due to the history of your relationship with her.
t3_4c07fb-t3_4c07fb-d1e00vx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.693	i watch it because it rings true to me. yeah everything is a little stylized, a little over the top, but at it's core there's really the sadness that comes from living life.   my mom got breast cancer twice, as did her mom before, and she just took it in stride like sylvia did.   there's a part of me that wants to just go to that bar and sit with my drink on a napkin that i brought from home and just sit and listen and take notes. but i'm not there yet. hopefully i never will but there's something calming about seeing what i could become. especially with the later episodes' heavier themes, it really feels good to see someone as successful as louie c.k. can actually feel something like this. that's why i've always loved louie's work, it captures the essence of me or my father or others around me, and makes it funny without diminishing it. she said, "want to take a bath" and i said "nah i'm pretty tired". every guy has had that moment i feel like at least in the beginning.   horace and pete offers that humor in spades but refuses to pull punches. that's why i love it at least.
t3_265xdd-t3_265xdd-chnzg9q	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm sorry to hear you're going through this. i know it isn't easy. i had breast cancer -- twice. the first time i didn't tell practically anyone because a lumpectomy took care of it. the second time i had to have much more invasive treatment and i had to let people know. it was a relief. people want to help you and that's one of the benefits of having friends and family who love you. let them help. this is the time in your life that you have every right to lean on other people. i wish you the best of luck and hope you will be alright.
t3_12098f-t3_12098f-c6rg440	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	they fired our cookie lady :( she was in her early 60s, a two time breast cancer survivor, and she was in charge of the snack area in high school. she would make us her fresh cookies every morning, and if you couldn't pay today she'd write your name down and give you a cookie anyway while whispering to pay her when we had it. every year she would make the entire graduating class a fridge magnet, by hand. one of the little wrapped up presents with the little note on it saying "you can never open this present, but inside is my love, and my hope that you will live a wonderful life," something along those lines, with a tiny rose and beads. she'd stand by the end of the field where we walked off with a huge grin and the little gifts and press them into our hands, "goodbye my sweets! i'll miss you!" we'd all hug her.  her cancer went in to remission once, then it came back and she left to see to her health- and then was back within a year. and a year later the bastards fired her.   to this day her facebook name has her "cookie lady" tag in it, and she checks up on us- congratulates us on our successes and tells us how proud she is.   sorry for the text wall, had to get that off my chest, still bothers me.   tl;dr fired two time breast cancer surviving cafeteria worker.  to this day she lets us know she'll always be our stand-in grandmother if we need her.
t3_1g7u0v-t1_caif4dd-cak5rmz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	1. im not saying this organization is perfect, as no organization is, but they do a lot of good. further most of the things you said are just wrong. they get 400 million, 80% of which actually goes towards program services, 20% for research, 40% for public health education, 13% for health screening services, and 7% for treatment services. you then have only 10% going towards fundraising costs and 10% goes towards administration costs. so i literally have no idea where you got those over 50% is spent on expanding the brand bs. they actually get money from the corporations that use the pink brand, and companies fight really hard to get that brand, sgk is not throwing out money to rope them in, it happens on their own.  and that point is why branding is sooooo important. many people see this concept of marketing cancer as evil, but honestly it brings in more funds than other techniques so what is the problem with that? the bulk of the complaints put forth to sgk are over "pink-washing" but really that is not their fault. they partner with corporations and the corporations choose what donations to make. if mastercard chooses to advertise themselves as a pink brand company and then only donate a small amount, that is not sgk's problem. they get money and their fine with that. other corporations using deceptive tactics to bring in customers and not donate that much is not sgks fault.  and with this goal of pairing with corporations to market a certain brand and bring in donations to a certain brand, you need to protect that brand! like literally that's marketing 101. there is just too much liability when you have other companies using your brand. to keep their corporate partnerships and individual donations coming in they need to protect their brand.  2. now on to the ribbon. it was not stolen. i literally don't know where people come up with this shit. it seems like one guy said it once and everyone has just assumed it to be true ever since. the visual aids group started a movement of using ribbons as a sign for a particular cause, but to assert that sgk stole their idea from this group is just ridiculous. every other charity had their own interpretation of a ribbon for their cause in the early 90s. yes this aids campaign started it, but it turned into a huge movement that sgk was just one part of. and their symbol is a very specific and unique symbol. it is so unique it would be ridiculous to say that it was stolen. the only thing in common was that they both used a looped ribbon, which like i said was being done by every other charity back then.   i don't see how protecting her brand is seen as opposing openness and tolerance. it is a brand that works and brings in money. if you want to continue bringing in those funds towards a good cause you need brand protection. and it's not like they trademarked anything too broad. the pink ribbon is public domain. everyone can use it! they trademarked "for the cure" and their logo of a pink ribbon that looks like a person running.  3. actually it does work. this kind of misinformation is disgusting. your 40%/42% are literally just wrong. now mortality hasn't decreased by a lot, but if you look at it for white women it has gone down from 30% in 1975 to 20% in 2009. for black women it has increased just slightly. this shows you how important access to health care is in decreasing the rates of breast cancer mortality. the increase for black women is much more affected by racial health disparities. better health care services that white women have greater access to are what contribute to their decreased mortality.  and maybe mortality hasn't changed as much as people expected, but life expectancy upon diagnosis has increased dramatically, which is really what you are interested in. women will always fight breast cancer because their chances of getting it increase exponentially as they get older. so a women's life expectancy may increase, but getting older leads to higher chance that you will die from breast cancer. this is why mortality isn't really a good number to focus on in terms of if our treatment methods are working. age-standardized survival rate is usually the go to method, and the benefits seen there are striking. 80% 1 year survival in 1970 to 95% in 2010. 50% 5 year survival in 1970 to 85% in 2010. 40% 10 year survival in 1970 to 75% in 2010. these decreases have been attributed to advanced treatment methods, early detection, and increased awareness. so yes this does work and it has lengthened the lives of millions of people.  4. demoralizing to other cancer patients? that is one of the most disgusting things i have ever heard. breast cancer is the third biggest killer of women in the us. the only cancer that is a bigger killer is lung cancer, but the number one risk factor is completely preventable, unlike the biggest risk factors for breast cancer (age and sex). 1 in 8 women will develop invasive breast cancer in their life. this is a huge public health problem that is affecting women all across the country. this isn't about caring more about "breasts than brains" it's about caring about our mothers, sisters, and daughters who are dying left and right from this terrible disease. who feel like they have no control over this disease. this movement is to show them that they are strong women who do have control.  and further that remark completely ignores the change in public opinion of breast cancer that these campaigns have created. breast cancer used to be something embarrassing that you wouldn't mention. people couldn't even say breast cancer on tv. if a women found a lump she would be too ashamed to acknowledge it. these campaigns targeting breast cancer are heavily focused on changing the culture around breasts. women are no longer embarrassed about such topics as preventative measures but rather are open to take every step necessary. this change has undoubtedly occurred thanks to the pink campaign.   5. yes many charities are scams. and you should educate yourself on each individual charity before you donate. but don't just assume that all charities are scams just because some are. sgk gives their money, and a huge amount, to a good cause. there is nothing wrong with that.  i understand a lot of people don't like her politics which is understandable. but to make it out like this is an evil entity just because you don't like her politics is sickening. this charity has done a lot of good and has helped a lot of people struggling with a terrible disease.
t3_3fb16z-t3_3fb16z-ctnkvu4	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6765	if it was stage iv breast cancer that metastasized, the likelihood of cure is very low, especially for an older person. i have stage iv breast cancer and was told there is about a 2% cure rate. if it's metastasized to the lungs and stomach, it will probably be fatal. i'm sorry to tell you this. i wish it were different.
t3_3xvh51-t3_3xvh51-cy8cwl6	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my tinder nightmare began on jan 8 2014 when i started texting with a beautiful woman who i knew was out of my league. i'm a 50'ish caucasian guy, out of shape, overweight, but otherwise stable and normal. she was a 30 year old black woman, college educated, stunningly beautiful and very elegant and slender. nonetheless, after a few days of texting i invited her to join me for dinner at a very nice restaurant downtown. to my dismay she actually accepted my invitation. i was waiting for her at the bar and when she walked in my jaw hit the floor. she was so beautiful i literally lost my breath for a moment. she was taller than me in her heels and was wearing a beautiful short dress with the most amazing legs i had ever seen. she greeted me with a bright smile and a gentle hug and we were escorted to our table. we had a very good date, the conversation flowed, and she seemed to have a good time as well. we decided to continue the date and went to a couple of bars for drinks. finally she said it was time to go home and, since she had taken uber earlier, i offered to give her a ride home and she quickly agreed. all this time i thought that, even though the date was fun, and comfortable, i assumed it would possibly lead to a friendship at best considering the obvious differences. well when we got to her place we talked for a few minutes more. i offered to walk her to her door but she declined. she then got out and walked around to my door. she leaned through the window and planted a very brief but sensual kiss on my lips. my heart stopped! she then leaned back and smiled. i was able to stammer out an invitation to go out again and she accepted without hesitation. i was on cloud nine! i knew that this remarkable woman would have a profound affect on my life, it seemed pre-destined.  fast forward a couple of weeks, she and i had been seeing each other nearly every day and i was developing strong feelings already. but, something was wrong. i had a weird nagging sense that she was hiding something. although she was being very affectionate , something just felt off. then finally it happened. we were out at a bar together. it was a good time but she seemed distracted. as we were leaving she turned to me and said, in a serious tone, "we need to talk". i thought, this is it, the differences between us are too much for her and i'm about to be friend zoned. but nothing prepared me for what came next. she asked me to just listen and not say anything, and i agreed. she then started out by saying that she had developed strong feelings for me but there was something that i needed to know about her that might make me want to change my mind about pursuing a relationship. my mind was spinning and so many scenarios raced through my head. is she married? is she a criminal? then i remembered a few day earlier when we were making out and i touched her breast lightly and realized that she had breast implants because it was quite hard. so i thought omg, is she a transexual? but, as it turns out, she wasn't but that would have been better than what came next. she looked at me, and with a tear in her eye, she told me that she has stage 4 breast cancer. she was originally diagnosed 4 years earlier as stage 3 and had beaten it back into remission after having a double mastectomy along with radiation treatment and chemotherapy. now it had returned as stage 4 and she was to start chemo again in two weeks. i was floored! she then stated that she will understand if i wanted to turn and run and she wouldn't think less of me for it. my response was to re-iterate that i adored her. and i thought she was an amazing woman and if she wanted me to take this journey with her that i would be honored to do so. we kissed and just held each other for a while. finally she said goodnight and went to her car to go home. i cried all the way home.  we had a full amazing year together. i had to go to japan for work and she met me there in between chemo treatments. she never cried and was always elegant.  i learned what the true definition of grace meant. we lived a lifetime in 2014. she died 9 months ago, 15 months after we met. i am a much better man for having met her and shared in her struggle. i love you and miss you so much genny!  edit: wow! thanks for the gold kind stranger as well as the words of support from all of you. writing this down has been therapeutic and emotional. i just wish i could put into words what a truly remarkable woman she was. i don't have the vocabulary. edit 2: for those folks below that doubt the veracity of my story. meet [genny](http://i.imgur.com/tjqyl3j.jpg) edit 3: 8x gold! what the hell? thank you all so much for the comments also. i've been very stoic the last 9 months. told myself that the ending to our story was inevitable and i was prepared for it so just look forward and not back. but telling internet strangers this little snippet of our story has caused me to do something that i've avoided for 9 months. reminisce. crying is indeed cleansing to the soul. thank you all. edit 4: 17x!! thank you all so very much but please that's enough. in lieu of gold please make a small donation to your favorite cancer research organization. the overwhelming positive response to my story has really brought my repressed memories of our time together flooding to the surface. again, thank you all and happy holidays! edit 5: please, for fucks sake, 25x gilded.. i'm very grateful but i'm starting to understand what trump would feel like if he were paid in reddit gold and i don't want to feel like trump. please go [here](http://www.charitynavigator.org/index.cfm?bay=content.view&amp;cpid=497#.vnorv1llxd8) and make a small contribution to a reputable cancer charity.
t3_46xpq6-t1_d08y92b-d09na2l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you catch it at stage 1 and have it excised in most cases it will not recur, especially in a mature woman (age 40+). most often this kind of cancer is found "accidentally" on a biopsy which was looking for more serious problems. the younger you are and the more risk factors (brca1 mutations, first degree family with breast cancer, etc) the more likely it is it will recur, but for an adult woman approaching menopause, it is really a fairly minor finding and the prognosis is excellent. you just cut it out and the patient is good to go. source: medical student.  eta: also, acl tears can be really bad. surgical repair doesn't always work and even if it does you are looking at a lengthy period of immobilization.
t3_3lcxry-t1_cv5plas-cv5sj7w	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yes, i am due to being on disability for kidney disease. i don't have the money to move out, or believe me, i would in a new york minute. i *hate* it. i hate living out in the boondocks so far away from everything. i hate having to sneak around to do stuff (nothing bad, just things she would have a fit about.   i was able to live on my own for the first time in my life for 18 glorious months until i was diagnosed with advanced breast cancer and had to move back in. even when i was out on my own, a friend of theirs told me mom had told her that i'd be crawling back soon ... that i wouldn't make it. she said mom was just awful about it, and she couldn't believe mom gave me no support at all -- just derision.  and i very well could have lain there and died the night i begged them to take me to the er for the blood clot and they refused. any normal parent would have hauled my butt to the car the second they saw my dark purple leg swollen to two or three times the size.  she thinks i'm a drug addict and i'm not. i would take nsaids or something else for pain if i could, but because of my kidneys i can't. i haven't even told her about my shoulder because she'd just blow it off and tell me i'll be fine. hell, my dad even told me to walk my blood clot off in the few days before it started turning purple.
t3_3vxvy0-t3_3vxvy0-cxsdbws	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6781	i would love to enter for the wine display for my mother-in-law, not only is she amazing (i wish she had been my mom growing up, so lucky i have her now), but she's a breast cancer survivor, and oh, she can drink whole foods 2 buck chuck like no ones business :)
t3_2m8uyw-t3_2m8uyw-cm26fj0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5131	i had mine done after breast cancer. i only had one breast removed, but i opted to have them both reconstructed for symmetry. i didn't want one new boob and one 30-year-old boob.   so, i guess my experience is a little different. never in my life did i want breast augmentation, but i sorta got stuck with it.     **negatives:** my mother-in-law's rude comments about my "knockers."   actually, women in general commenting on them. granted, this may be a post-cancer thing (women trying to make me feel good or something) but it usually makes me feel bad about myself.  i have never had any comments from a man.  also, i had to relearn how to dress. i went from a b to a d, not a huge change, but certain clothes that used to be cute looked super inappropriate on a d cup. also, a lot of the "baggy" style just made me feel frumpy.   and a really big one: the pain of healing. breast surgery was so painful. my implants are under the pectorals (i had to do the tissue expanders, yuck) and that muscle group gets used all. the. time. ouch.   **positives** -they're not crazy huge, but they sure are perky. i think that's nice, and i don't have any complaints about sagging.    -once i learned how to dress them, i can say i love the way they look in clothes. i'm small but curvy, and my larger top matches my booty now! i feel sexy and womanly.   -people who don't know i had cancer have never guessed that they're fake.    -my so sure seems to like playing with them. ;-)   edit: i should note, i had to go up two cup sizes because of the amount of skin taken. though i kept my nipples, their "placement" was way off. kind of hard to explain, but just in case anyone wonders why my doc and i chose that route, it was the smallest i could go and have my nipples/areolae line up.
t3_46cg5l-t1_d043csl-d04bnnb	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5949	yes! the drains are the worst part! i had a bilateral mastectomy with tissue reconstruction just five weeks ago, and left the hospital with six jp drains attached at various places. the catheter came out on post-op day three in the hospital, and it didn't feel too awful; just a slight tug and it was gone. i was way more tense than i needed to be.   the drains coming out, though... ugh. it took me three weeks to be rid of my final one, and i had to cart them all the fuck over if i needed to leave for a follow-up appointment, or to take a shower... i felt like a goddamn octopus, having all that long tubing hanging off of me, and it snagged on everything i walked past (which tugs at the single stitch holding each drain into your skin, so that fucking hurts)! and of course your body is in healing overdrive after surgery, so it's constantly forming a scab or scar tissue over the stitch or tubing, so as it gets moved around, that jiggles the healing process... it's not fun.  for the uninitiated, the drains tend to go pretty far into you. the tubing can snake up to a foot inside of you to help collect fluid so it doesn't build up in your body. if they weren't there, you'd be at risk of the fluid collecting in and swelling up your lymph nodes, which is called lymphedema and it's really not fun. my longest one was eight inches, and they pulled those suckers out fast like they were trying to start a lawnmower! blergh.
t3_ri52h-t1_c460cvw-c460j81	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	indeed i was. i was shaking and crying and physically sick over it.  my daughter is my mothers namesake... we were planning on growing her hair out and donating it when it was long enough to cut (i do the same with my own), since my mother had breast cancer and had just been diagnosed with lung cancer when this happened.
t3_122bm6-t3_122bm6-c6s0a2c	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, you're not being irrational to be concerned, but there are also so many things it could be besides cancer. it is much more likely to be something else than it is to be cancer. i found a lump in my breast when i was 15 and cried all night because i was absolutely certain i had breast cancer - it turned out to be a fibroadenoma, which i had surgery to remove anyway, but is completely benign and can be left in the breast if you don't want surgery. you may also just have fibrous breast tissue, which can cause changes in the texture of your breasts based on your menstrual cycle and other factors (i'm thinking of this because you mentioned being not being able to "find" another lump after you felt it once). some of these conditions can be painful/dangerous, and some (like mine) are correlated with a higher risk of breast cancer, but much of the time they are totally harmless.
t3_1vwuxx-t3_1vwuxx-cewui69	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	it came about a week before, but i still think this is an appropriate tale:  in 2002 my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer for the first time, and had her double mastectomy and went through chemo, and full remission.  in 2005, she was diagnosed with uterine cancer, and had a hysterectomy, and another round of chemo/other treatments...   by springtime 2008, the doctors said there was nothing left to do...  by late june 2008, she was bedridden, and in the beginnings of what i can only describe as a morphine coma.  we knew that it would not be much longer, and the only thing left to do was to try and make her as comfortable as she could be.  she was still conscious for a few hours a day.  my wife was at the time, 7 months pregnant, and even though we (my mother/wife) had gotten off to a rocky start, she had come to love my wife, and would tell her she loves her every time she saw her.  she would use all her strength to lift her arm to touch the preggobelly in hopes of feeling a kick/movement.  during all of this, she told me she wants to make it to see the baby being born.  i could tell the poor woman was miserable after a 6 year battle, and i didn't want her to linger anymore.  i used my sternest (without yelling or coming off as angry) voice and told her that she does not need to keep fighting for that, and my daughter would not remember, and she wouldn't love the unborn child any more or less than she does right now.  please stop torturing yourself, and let go.  she said "ok, you're right" and drifted off for a nap.  that was the last time i saw her awake.
t3_zxqx0-t3_zxqx0-c68peve	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7371	ahhh i can't believe i'm sharing this.   okay, so, breast cancer seems to run in my family. there are actually only 4 women who haven't had it. anyways, when i was in 3rd grade my grandma was diagnosed and i didn't really understand what was going on, i just remember my mom saying that grandma found a lump and that she was going to be very sick and lose all her hair. well, it so happens third grade was the year i started to develop boobs. and i remember feeling one one day and there was a "lump." you can imagine what i immediately thought. i went home to mom crying my eyes out telling her i had breast cancer like grandma. i was straight terrified as a little kid. my mom was more confused than ever, until i showed her what i was talking about. she started laughing, and then actually explained to me what was happening. now she tells this story to all my friends, or any guy i bring home.
t3_3nr9gw-t3_3nr9gw-cvquhbp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	whatever happens tonight, i just want you guys to know it's been a blast spending this season with you!!  i live in houston and have been overjoyed to "watch" the yanks all season with real baseball fans.  tomorrow is my last radiation treatment after getting diagnosed with breast cancer in february.  you guys have gotten me through 8 chemo treatments, surgery, and 30 radiation treatments.  much love to all, even /r/user/nota_bene22 who thinks i'm annoying as hell!!
t3_mdwox-t1_c30azn8-c30d5ge	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	actually that's not true.    they are re-calibrated every year according to the contracts signed by the government.  you can even request specific machine numbers and their records to look through their calibration history through a foia request.    here is the analysis of the tsa "cancer" rate in boston logan international airport...   &gt;25 of  approximately 1100  employees had been diagnosed with a variety of cancers. i spoke to the designated occupational  safety and health official for blia; the director of the office of  safety, health, and the  environment for tsa; and you. i received a list ofemployees diagnosed with cancer, including  date ofdiagnosis, date of employment, type of  cancer, age, and smoking status. fifteen  employees were diagnosed with cancer since 2005. the average age a t  diagnosis was 52 (range:  30-62). five employees had breast cancer, two had lung cancer (both smokers), two had prostate  cancer, and one each had melanoma, basal cell carcinoma of the skin, ovarian cancer, colon  cancer, cervical cancer, and stomach cancer. this letter summarizes my findings and gives you  information addressing the employees' concerns.  the general population gets it at around the same rate as those employees.   once again, i am against the body scanners in principle but doing it for some half ass reason like safety just isn't going to help the argument.  it needs to be done through scientific fact and research.
t3_xu9lv-t1_c5pq8yt-c5pqh2t	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can't effectively research it because i am on a phone but the qualifier "probably" should give you an indication that i am speculating based on antedotal experience and may not be representative. it still refutes your assertion which implies robbery is the "only" reason.  why do feminists feel the need to control the dialog of every issue to marginalize men and portray themselves as the sole or predominantly effected?   that post is just as distasteful as if i had linked the mortality state for breast cancer for both genders under the heading **cancerous plague against males continues** completely discounting the value of the females effected.
t3_366wx3-t1_crbjlmy-crbjp7i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm really unconcerned. as i've said, and been downvoted to oblivion for, all my annual blood test levels are at or below normal. i had a breast cancer scare in the last year and have been studied even closer than usual because of that.
t3_2ph87n-t3_2ph87n-cmwtgi0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6612	while this year has been tame, last year was a nightmare and the thoughts of that keep entering my mind. i went nc with my nmom last fall. it all happened when my sister told me that nmom was planning on surprising me by visiting for christmas. the thing is, we were hardly talking at that point. she visited for two weeks that summer but there was so much tension it was horrible. so, after some thinking and realizing that i couldn't mentally handle her staying in my house over christmas, i told her she wasn't welcome. i told her she could visit but i couldn't have her staying in my house. i sent her a calm email stating my position and nothing should have surprised her since everything i said in the email i told her in a previous conversation about 6 months before. at that time she said she was going to change, which was the reason i let her visit in the summer time. as we all know, n's don't change. anyway, she responded with a nasty email attacking me, and this went back and forth. then my cousin and my aunt decided to call me out on facebook. a month later when i ran into that same cousin at a store and just said hi and walked away, her husband called me out on facebook. he used my name and said that since i was given a second chance i should use it properly, you see i was diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer 3 years before.  so, needless to say, i was devastated. so now, i am very lc with nmom and i don't talk to other members of my family. this year, the drama has blown over but i'm still anxious that something will happen and wondering what nmom has up her sleeve.
t3_3japxi-t1_cunqfqf-cunqnaj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6711	exactly this.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer in february and my job has been awesome about it.  after i completed chemo and my surgery, i asked to come back to work during radiation and they told me to stay home and come back when i was done.    i understand that they're trying to save me from myself, but all i want to do now that i'm feeling better is get back to normal.  and going to work is definitely high on that list.
t3_4im6yo-t3_4im6yo-d2zcp6q	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7898	i had breast cancer and now avoid antiperspents, too. arm and hammer is decent or i make my own. the recipe is 1/4 cup corn starch, 1/4 cup baking soda and enough coconut oil to make a paste. you can add essential oils for scent if you like. good luck.
t3_2y47mb-t1_cp6bhfj-cp6c2sk	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; wouldn't you rather your children know about body acceptance and that you need to be comfortable with yourself?  being lazy and getting fat on purpose: no. simply because that would indicate that i'm not caring what happens with my kids. i'd surely teach them to be tolerant, but this makes it also nessecary to teach them how to stand their own ground.  &gt; maybe we have different ideals,   absolutely okay!  &gt;but i'm not gonna point out a fat person in the street and tell my children to not become that person.  same here. i'd rather teach them how to live healthy, which has nothing to do with a fat person directly.  &gt;  i'd teach my children to be accepting, yes i'd teach them to be healthy but i'm not going to force a standard upon them  soooo you say you would accept that your kids are basically killing themself? because being fat is killing your body in any case (heart attacks, strokes, diabetis type 2, bloodpressure, breath problems, osteoarthritis, gout, breast cancer (odds are 2x higher if your fat), and so on). if that is the way you want to raise your children, thats absolutely okay for me, but i would not do that to my own kids.   i don't get it why some people want the society to accept that being fat is okay. it is not. and its everyones duty to protect anyone else from living unhealthy lifestyles. its not limited to being fat, that said.
t3_4j906l-t3_4j906l-d34qlii	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5013	i am not commenting to freak you out, but hopefully as someone who is the worst case scenario (initial diagnosis stage iv breast cancer mets to bones and liver) i want to let you know that whatever happens, happens and that is ok. life is what it is. life is good, life is bad, and you will deal with whatever is thrown your way. what pissed me off and made the process even harder was all the well meaning throwaway platitudes telling me that it will be nothing, that i would be all right. all that did was set me up for an expectation and damn was the subsequent fall a lot further to travel.  practically speaking i have learnt to compartmentalise. granted i have been doing this for a couple of years now, but i have learned to not think about it unless i have to. i get on with life as best i can and deal with the emotions and fears when necessary. as already said just sit tight and try not to let the thought of this overwhelm you. you have taken the first step of getting yourself looked at, and remember that even if it is something negative, it is not all doom and gloom. there are many highly effective treatments available. but you're not there yet, so try not to worry and good luck.
t3_2zo121-t1_cpld3nv-cpldsy5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one of many surgeries i've had.  i'm adopted, my bio mom was a prolific user and my insides are all screwy.  i've been on dialysis, and had stomach cancer too... i'm a mess, lol.    my mom stayed with me and the kids in the hospital for over a month until my husband could come back.  his mom had an emergency mastectomy 3 days after my surgery and i told him to stay with her in another state when he could get leave.  i ended up having several more surgeries that stay but after another incident where a nurse was mad at me because my pump kept messing up and gave me belly shots so hard i was horrifically bruised while she told me what a crybaby i was...  the hospital advocate moved me and checked in on us daily and i had no hospital bill when i shoul dhave had 20% of a nearly 3 month stay in the end.   i'm tough, god i have to be.  however, punching that bag of dicks in the face is a moment i cherish, lo..
t3_mwcbm-t1_c34f2vu-c34frr0	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7238	yes. i have a friend who is a breast cancer survivor who had one of her breasts removed &amp; got an implant. it's been enlarged since the initial operation and her breasts are now pretty symmetrical. she no longer has a nipple, though. the options were to try to create a man-made nipple or have one tattooed on and no one she spoke to was happy with theirs, so she decided to forego that for now.
t3_3vlans-t3_3vlans-cxokihm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes, i was about your age, doc found lumps in both breasts.   referred me to get them both biopsied.   i waited 3 days for results, they called and left a vm saying i need to call back asap and it was very important. i went into a full blown panic thinking i had breast cancer and i was going to lose my breasts and all my hair. maybe even my life!  turned out i just have fibroadenomas 🙄- totally benign.   i hope everything checks out for ya! and keep on top of them waiting on results is the worst!
t3_1rkkm6-t3_1rkkm6-cdog1pe	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7971	my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 inflammatory breast cancer a week after she found out my dad was cheating on her when me and my brother were in 7th and 8th grade. it wasn't easy but she got through it by having a good attitude and laughing, and of course her friends and family. if you are going to make it through it, the best way is to be positive! it can and probably will be hard at times but if you are strong and willing, i believe!
t3_3wwjdr-t3_3wwjdr-cy0irsr	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	64 year old male here.  i found a hard lump the size of a quarter in my left breast. it felt hard, almost like calcium. was not sore or painful.  my wife and i knew it wasn't good, it was stage 2b. went through the whole deal: tests, biopsy, radical mastectomy, chemo, radiation, and hormone therapy.  five years on, i'm feeling good. i know how frightened you must be and i hope you have someone with you. reach out to cancer survivors who have been through the experience for guidance and support.  get yourself the best doctors and hospital you can find and follow their expertise.  don't bother with weird diets or alternate treatments, and don't fret about losing your hair.  if you have breast cancer, it's a numbers game and doctors have plenty of experience and good success with curing it.  it's more horrible now with the unsurety than after you are actively involved in your treatment. try your best to take life one day at a time and you will come out of it fine, and it will be like a bad dream.
t3_1yc79u-t1_cfj6gu0-cfjc3ex	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; smile. i'm serious. smiling more (even if you aren't happy, and even if you are alone) will naturally make you happier. smiling releases hormones that make your brain "happy", so to speak.  an insidious crock o'shit as ehrenreich pointed out in bright sided: how positive thinking is undermining america.  &gt;ehrenreich delivers a trenchant look into the burgeoning business of positive thinking. a bout with breast cancer puts the author face to face with this new breed of frenetic positive thinking promoted by everyone from scientists to gurus and activists. chided for her anger and distress by doctors and fellow cancer patients and survivors, ehrenreich explores the insistence upon optimism as a cultural and national trait, discovering its symbiotic relationship with american capitalism and how poverty, obesity, unemployment and relationship problems are being marketed as obstacles that can be overcome with the right (read: positive) mindset. building on max weber's insights into the relationship between calvinism and capitalism, ehrenreich sees the dark roots of positive thinking emerging from 19th-century religious movements. mary baker eddy, william james and norman vincent peale paved the path for today's secular $9.6 billion self-improvement industry and positive psychology institutes. the author concludes by suggesting that the bungled invasion of iraq and current economic mess may be intricately tied to this reckless national penchant for self-delusion and a lack of anxious vigilance, necessary to societal survival.   smiling on purpose does not make you happier, it just makes your face hurt if you keep it up long enough.  source: experience trying to make this nonsense work.
t3_2h5kal-t3_2h5kal-ckpx0fa	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	took a shower one sunday night and noticed my right nipple was pointing to the right.  googled nipple changes and knew before i went to bed i had breast cancer.  no lump, and i'd been to the ob-gyn 5 months before.  had a biopsy, a mastectomy and an axillary dissection in the next month.  four rounds of chemo, 28 rounds of radiation.  lymphedema.  it's been an intense couple years.  but i'm here.    please spread the word--breast cancer doesn't always involve lumps.  in my case the skin was thicker, denser, but it wasn't until the nipple was affected that i realized something was very wrong! invasive lobular carcinoma.  find it early.
t3_1xuk78-t3_1xuk78-cfesu7y	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	when i was diagnosed with breast cancer, the tumor was so large (grade iii, 10 cm) and involved with my chest wall that i couldn't even have surgery. every single result from any test we did was always worst case scenario. i had to spend eight months in chemo. bilateral mastectomy was performed, cancer was found in the lymph nodes. everything looked bad.   but just recently, i hit my one year anniversary of no evidence of disease on my scans and i'm sitting at stage iib- i'm probably going to live! i'm getting healthier by the day, and in a lot of ways, i'm in a better place emotionally than i was before all this happened.  when the worst happens, and you think you can't go on- you do. best wishes to your sister and everyone who loves her.
t3_38coi0-t3_38coi0-cru21vy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6763	i thought i had let it go and had lowish/structured contact with bmother for a few years during which she played "nice"... right up until she messed up again. now entirely nc. lately she refused to give information of my developmental history to help with a diagnosis and caused a panic attack about checking for a mutation in a breast cancer gene before she'd even been tested herself.  so i'm back to heavy resentment stage. i want there to be some way to get to her (legally and non-violent) besides my open fb letter, to be able to say how wrong i feel she is, and to express the hurt she's caused recently. there is no way to do it though.  i guess i'm saying that i'm where you are. i am kind and logical, i would say, but i do still have a temper problem. people generally only get snapped at and not in the "i'm saying this to hurt you" manner but in the "i'm trying to argue my position but i feel threatened so my voice isn't right" manner. it makes me feel bad, makes me ruminate about bmother, then makes me angry.  personally i think anger needs to come out, structured and free-flowing in a safe environment. i don't think we can force it to go away; it has to dissipate naturally. it's justified so we need an outlet to get it out of ourselves, like draining fluid from an infection.   being angry does not make you unkind or wrong, and wanting to explode at her doesn't mean you actually will. you are still you, even with this.   you'll already know this but therapy was going to be a bit of a punch in the stomach. keep with it though and i wish you the best. *hugs*
t3_448kb6-t3_448kb6-czpbw11	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	just want to repost this season summary i wrote earlier:  2015 season summary:  notable preseason signings:  kyle seager: 7 years, 100m extension  nelson cruz: 4 years, 57m  rickie weeks:  mark lowe: minor league with spring training invite  franklin gutierrez: minor league with spring training invite  preseason hope:  there was a lot of hope in the mariners camp after spring training was done: we were coming off a winning season, having missed the playoffs by a single game. we had signed slugger nelson cruz to bolster a bad offense and provide some protection for robinson cano. mike zunino was hitting well in spring training, as was dustin ackley, and taijuan walker was pitching well. the bullpen was coming off one of the best years in the majors, with mostly the same squad, and hometown hero kyle seager had been resigned to a team friendly contract after his best year, earning a gold glove, and seeming to continue his upward trend. we had so much bullpen depth that 2014 stalwart dominic leone would start the season in aaa, as would mark lowe, we traded blake beavan for seth smith, who would platoon with justin ruggiano in right field, and we didn't even need to resign dependable loogy joe beimel. franklin gutierrez, on the mend after spending the better part of four seasons on the dl, wouldn't make the team (to the dismay of many) but he would go on to mash in tacoma. many pundits predicted this would be the year for us to finally break our postseason drought. we even had spiffy new uniforms  . what could go wrong?  april 6th, opening day: felix hernandez started, and posted a good one: 7.0 ip, 1 er, 10 so. dustin ackley hit a home run. seth smith went 3 for 3. things looked good for us.  unfortunately, the season went downhill from there – we went on to lose the series to the angels, and would be swept by the dodgers the next week. first, the bullpen imploded: tom wilhelmsen got injured early, and was replaced by dominic leone – who lasted 3 outings posting a 14.73 era before being replaced. tyler olson couldn't hold it together in the majors, and was sent to the minors, with joe beimel being re-signed to take his place. yoervis medina was exchanged for mark lowe. danny farquhar, former closer, couldn't get anyone out. the fernando rodney experience got more extreme, and started blowing saves. (credit to paint extraordinaire /u/kobun253  for the image)  the offense wasn't helping – in may, cano hit .250, ackley hit .180, zuni hit .237, brad miller only managed .188, and most of the team was hovering around the mendoza line. rickie weeks and justin ruggiano would both be dfa'd by mid-june. we would end up trading from our bullpen to get wellington castillo to boost offense from the catcher position, and then trading him for mark trumbo professional outfielder for more power offense.  in late may, we would sweep the rays to return to .500 – that would be the last time we reached .500 in the season. we started june with a 2-9 homestand that the team could never quite recover from. our bullpen became a revolving door, they tried to make brad miller an outfielder, james paxton broke a nail and had to miss multiple starts. the season turned into a disappointment. but still, there were a few key moments and bright spots, to be summarized now:  may 10th – felix gets k #2000  on mother's day, with the kings court clad in pink for breast cancer awareness, our king notched his 2000th strikeout. long live the king!  june 20th – the return of gar  with the offense floundering, change was needed – and howard johnson was fired, with none other than future hall of famer, all time great hitter, man with a dh award named after him, mariner legend who saved baseball in seattle edgar martinez replacing him. the change was almost immediate – strikeout numbers went down, walks and averages went up, and our team started playing like a middle of the pack baseball offense instead of the worst in the mlb.  june 24th – guti forever  finally fed up poor outfield play, james jones was optioned to make room for franklin gutierrez. for those who don't know, gutierrez was acquired by the mariners in 2009 as part of a blockbuster three team trade that also netted us jason vargas – and all we lost was a closer. guti would proceed to be superhuman in 2009, playing the best center field seattle had seen since the kid, and hitting for both average and decent power. in 2010, he was noticeably weaker, and injuries became a plague on his career. it took 3 years for him to be diagnosed with ibs and ankylosing spondylitis, which severely limited his play – to the point that he skipped the entirety of 2014 to recover. gutierrez transformed himself in order to return to the majors; he can no longer play center field, so he became a corner outfielder and offensive force to the tune of a .292/.354/.620 slash line and a 167 wrc+. he would also provide the feel good moment of the summer shortly after his return, hitting a walk off homer and flying around the bases.  august 12th – iwakuma's no hitter  hisashi iwakuma, not long back from injury, would throw the 5th no-hitter in mariners history. he would later write about it in an adorable blog post.  august 28th – gmz fired  higher ups finally got tired of the losing, and general manager jack zduriencik was fired. he left after posting only 2 winning seasons in 7 tries, and depleting the farm system to add sluggers that never panned out. we were glad to be rid of him. his replacement was later announced to be jerry dipoto, who has pledged to take the franchise in a more defense and obp focused direction.  september 16th – and i'm like, f*ck you  wholesome family man kyle seager likes to take his time getting set in the batters box. jered weaver took issue with this, leading to a verbal exchange and seager getting pegged, which led to weaver being ejected and a lot of salty angels fans. this moment created /r/mariners' favorite gif: http://gfycat.com/calmgoldenjohndory  just remember, kyle seager practices this stuff.  november 12th - cruz wins silver slugger  nelson cruz was the only member of the team to produce on offense for the entire season, and he posted a great one in the first year of his contract. he finished the season with a .302/.369/.566 triple slash and a 158 wrc+, bolstered by his second consecutive 40+ homer season (he finished with 44 this year, in pitcher friendly safeco field no less) and 93 rbi. his great offensive production netted him a silver slugger award, the only postseason award any member of the team would earn.  in conclusion, the season for us was long, with few bright moments. jedi has already begun massive turnover in the organization this offseason, leaving our future very uncertain – but for now, we still have some hope – and we'll have ken griffey jr's hof election to celebrate.
t3_4jfivq-t3_4jfivq-d36b375	breast_cancer	relevant	0.68	i am actually going through something very similar. i have a small family, most have died and others we just never saw, so it has always just been my mother and i. back in october i found my mother dead in her bed - she had been fighting breast cancer and passed away in her sleep, despite otherwise being full of energy and seeming perfectly fine after her latest chemotherapy session.  even now i occasionally still get into those ruts, and i realise, i probably still will. it's not easy losing a parent, no matter our age, and i don't think there is a way to ever get over it. we can move forward, accept it, and keep pushing on for a good life - no doubt what our mothers would have wanted, but we will probably never just get over it. everytime we accomplish something there will likely be that longing for them to know of it. the most we can do is try our best to make them proud - and knowing most mothers, that is eventually just be happy.   for right now my suggestion is to just accept your feelings. accept these ruts. it's ok to feel how you do with what has happened. but also to keep living your life. engage in your hobbies, keep exercising, talk to your friends when you are ready. talking to a professional is already a good step, if you feel as if you need it. also, look forward to something. for me it is returning to university this september after i took two years off to help my mother.   all in all though, you are going to feel the way you do regardless of what you do. the trick is to keep living, accept your feelings but not let them consume you. eventually it will be easier to accept.
t3_1f2r21-t3_1f2r21-ca690xm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6605	almost never but asking how i am is mostly just a formality unless it's my wife asking  ;-)  the spousal unit previous to the one i have now lost her battle with breast cancer some years ago.  people used to ask me daily how she was doing and i'd invariably say "she's doing pretty well, thanks".  most people would be satisfied with that and scurry away; the ones who *really* cared would inquire a little further about her condition.  teaches you really quickly who your friends are  ;-)  i will always give an honest response to an honest question but i don't feel the need to give an accurate response when someone is just observing social norms.
t3_14ocvw-t3_14ocvw-c7f411s	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	don't tell him "in the moment" but also this is not first date sort of stuff.  i'd say tell him the next time you see him after you make out for the first time.  just say something like "hey stan, last time was a lot of fun but before we go any further--i had breast cancer when i was 22.  my breasts were removed and i have implants.  also no nips.  it's not a big deal to me but i didn't want to surprise you with that if things keep progressing."  bonus for the dude--it's totally an opening to be like ok let's play with your tits.
t3_pn345-t3_pn345-c3quoq8	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had what seemed like a mosquito bite on the outside left of my left breast. eleven days later that breast had swollen to the size of a squashed pomelo. i also had swollen lymph glands on my chest and neck, supporting the concept of an infection. i headed into the doc, and was treated for a staph infection.  the fine needle biopsies said no cancer so we kept on the the antibiotics. the sonogram looked like a massive cyst that they drained several times. the mammogram showed dense breast tissue, but no cancer.  when i got a rash first on my left breast and then on the right breast and eventually across my chest and around to my back, the doc decided we needed to do an incisional biopsy. by this time i was having some significant stabbing pain in my chest and the day of the biopsy, i vomited from the pain of a headache. this was five months from the day i first showed up.  and then we found i didn't have a breast infection, i had inflammatory breast cancer; the breast cancer without the lump. primary was left breast with mets to right breast, skin, brain, pleural cavity, lymph nodes and bone.  i'm fine now though.
t3_7ajoj-t1_c0649fr-c0649fv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	of the 15 bills senator obama sponsored or co-sponsored in 2005-7 that became law:      two addressed foreign policy:      * promote relief, security and democracy in the congo (2125)     * develop democratic institutions in areas under palestinian control (2370).      three addressed public health:      * improve mine safety (2803)     * increased breast cancer funding (597)     * reduce preterm delivery and complications, reduce infant mortality (707).      two addressed openness and accountability in government:      * strengthening the freedom of information act (2488 )     * full disclosure of all entities receiving federal funds (2590)      two addressed national security      * extend terrorist risk insurance (467)     * amend the patriot act (2167)      one addressed the needs of the armed forces      * wave passport fees to visit graves, attend memorials/funerals of veterans abroad (1184).      of the 570 bills senator obama introduced into the senate during the 109th and 110th congress (senate bill numbers are in parentheses), they can be summarized as follows:      25 addressed energy efficiency and climate change      * suspend royalty relief for oil and gas (115)     * reduce dependence on oil; use of alternative energy sources (133)     * increase fuel economy standards for cars (767, 768 )     * auto industry incentives for fuel efficient vehicles (1151)     * reduce green house gas emissions (1324)     * establish at nsf a climate change education program (1389)     * increase renewable content of gasoline (2202)     * energy emergency relief for small businesses and farms (269)     * strategic gasoline and fuel reserves (1794)     * alternative diesel standards (3554)     * coal to liquid fuel promotion (3623)     * renewable diesel standards (1920)     * reducing global warming pollution from vehicles (2555)     * fuel security and consumer choice (1994, 2025)     * alternative energy refueling system (2614)     * climate change education (1389)     * low income energy assistance (2405)     * oil savings targets (339)     * fuel economy reform (3694)     * plug-in electric drive vehicles (1617)     * nuclear release notice (2348 )     * passenger rail investment (294)     * energy relief for low income families (2405)      21 addressed health care      * drug re-importation (334)     * health information technology (1262, 1418 )     * discount drug prices (2347)     * health care associated infections (2278 )     * hospital quality report cards (692, 1824)     * medical error disclosure and compensation (1784)     * emergency medical care and response (1873)     * stem cell research (5)     * medical malpractice insurance (1525)     * health centers renewal (901, 3771)     * children’s health insurance (401)     * home health care (2061)     * medicare independent living (2103)     * microbicides for hiv/aids (823)     * ovarian cancer biomarker research (2569)     * gynological cancers (1172)     * access to personalized medicine through use of human genome (976)     * paralysis research and care (1183)      20 addressed public health:      * violence against women (1197)     * biodefense and pandemic preparedness and response (1821, 1880)     * viral influenza control (969)     * end homelessness (1518 )     * reduce stds/unintended pregnancy (1790)     * smoking prevention and tobacco control (625)     * minority health improvement and disparity elimination (4024)     * nutrition and physical education in schools (2066)     * health impact assessments (1067, 2506)     * healthy communities (1068 )     * combat methamphetamines (2071)     * paid sick leave (910)     * prohibit mercury sales (833, 1818 )     * prohibit sale of lead products (1306, 2132)     * lead exposure in children (1811, 2132)      14 address consumer protection/labor      * stop unfair labor practices (842)     * fair minimum wage (2, 1062, 2725, 3829)     * internet freedom (2917)     * credit card safety (2411)     * media ownership (2332)     * protecting taxpayer privacy (2484)     * working family child assistance (218 )     * habeus corpus restoration (185)     * bankruptcy protection for employees and retirees (2092)     * faa fair labor management dispute resolution (2201)     * working families flexibility (2419).      13 addressed the needs of veterans and the armed forces:      * improve benefits (117)     * suicide prevention (479)     * needs of homeless veterans (1180)     * homes for veterans (1084)     * gi bill enhancement (43)     * military job protection     * dignity in care for wounded vets (713)     * housing assistance for low income veterans (1084)     * military children in public schools (2151)     * military eye injury research and care (1999)     * research physical/mental health needs from iraq war (1271)     * proper administration of discharge for personality disorder (1817, 1885)     * security of personal data of veterans (3592)      12 addressed congressional ethics and accountability      * lobbying and ethics reform (230)     * stop fraud (2280)     * legislative transparency and accountability (525)     * open government (2180, 2488 )     * restoring fiscal discipline (10)     * transparency and integrity in earmarks (2261)     * accountability of conference committee deliberations and reports (2179)     * federal funding accountability and transparency (2590)     * accountability and oversight for private security functions under federal     * contract (674)     * accountability for contractors and personnel under federal contracts     * (2147) restrictions awarding government contracts (2519)      10 addressed foreign policy:      * iraq war de-escalation (313)     * us policy for iraq (433),     * divestiture from iran (1430)     * sudan divestment authorization (831)     * millennium development goals (2433)     * multilateral debt relief (1320)     * development bank reform (1129)     * nuclear nonproliferation (3131,977,2224).      9 address voting/elections      * prohibit deceptive practices in federal elections (453)     * voter access to polls and services in federal elections (737)     * voter intimidation and deceptive practices (1975)     * senate campaign disclosure parity (185)     * require reporting for bundled campaign contributions (2030)     * election jamming prevention (4102)     * campaign disclosure parity (223)     * presidential funding (2412)     * integrity of electronic voting systems (1487)      11 addressed education      * increase access of low income african americans to higher education (1513)     * establish teaching residency programs (1574)     * increase early intervention services (2111)     * middle school curriculum improvements (2227)     * public database of scholarships, fellowships and financial aid (2428 )     * summer learning programs (116)     * tanf financial education promotion (924)     * higher education (1642)     * build capacity at community colleges (379)     * campus law enforcement in emergencies (1228 )     * support for teachers (2060).      6 addressed hurricane katrina      * hurricane katrina recovery (2319)     * emergency relief (1637)     * bankruptcy relief and community protection (1647)     * working family tax relief (2257)     * fair wages for recovery workers (1749)     * gulf coast infrastructure redevelopment (1836)      5 addressed the environment      * drinking water security (218, 1426)     * water resources development (728 )     * waste water treatment (1995)     * combat illegal logging (1930)     * spent nuclear fuel tracking and accountability (1194)     * asian carp prevention and control act (introduced in senate)[s.726.is ]      4 addressed discrimination      * claims for civil class action based on discrimination (1989)     * domestic partnership benefits (2521)     * unresolved civil rights crimes (535)     * equality or two parent families (2286)      4 addressed homeland security      * judicial review of fisa orders (2369)     * national emergency family locator (1630)     * amend us patriot act (2167)     * chemical security and safety (2486)  try again, michele.
t3_1ih9ls-t1_cb4nap2-cb4ud0z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5024	he likely had the cancer metastasize to other organs, and his bones. i had a pt who was dying of breast cancer, and broke her vertebrae from just sitting up due to too much pressure.
t3_3ivz5c-t3_3ivz5c-cukfgkl	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7162	brca 1 positive here, 26 years old and my brother is 24 and hasn't been tested yet. i have triple negative breast cancer (caused by brca 1 mutation - diagnosed march) and i've been really comfortable with my brother about everything. (to be clear he hasn't seen my boobs but he has seen my mammogram from before chemo vs after chemo with tumor shrinkage) he and i are close though, and he has actually been in the room with my mom when she has gotten her drains out from her reconstruction and stuff (from her double mastectomy).   i think that once it becomes a serious matter (lives at risk, cancer, surgeries, mammograms, etc) everything that is the norm for most (ie. referring to boobs as lady parts) goes out the window. it just becomes siblings supporting each other when it's needed and there's no room to be awkward. that's just from personal experience though.   as a side note from someone who has had 390482390482 mammograms since march... you can be in the waiting room while she has it done. when the radiologist is done looking they'll call her back in to discuss and she can have a nurse go out and get you and bring you in to her. at my cancer center they have a waiting room for patients only (gowns = boobs flopping everywhere) and a separate waiting room for everyone else. she might have to wait in the gown waiting room while you're in the outside waiting room but when the results are in she can just ask for you to come along. that's how it was for me anyways with my fiance!  good luck with everything, if you have any questions feel free to pm or ask away!  oh and when i was in the "gowns only" waiting room after my mammogram - the people with normal scans were just told in the waiting room everything was normal and they could leave. no discussion was had or anything with them. when they knew i had cancer they pulled me into a room and asked if there was anyone i wanted in there with me to discuss the results.
t3_2j2d1a-t3_2j2d1a-cl7qo64	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a crazy conspiracy theory. breast cancer awareness month. think about it. last year we had our first loss of the season against the colts, then brutal wins against the titans and rams the rest of october. only good game that month was against the cards.
t3_1r0gaf-t1_cdir3vp-cdjivmb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;is it true that movember encourges overscreening?  while i never paid much attention to movember messages, i never seen such a thing.  &gt;i can't pull up a quote right now, but one of those articles mentioned that health experts do not recommend screening in asymptomatic young men. i have similar worries about breast cancer campaigns that encourge overscreening. some say no one should be getting regular mammograms until they're 50 unless they have symptoms.  too lazy to pull it up now, but from what i understand for men when it comes to prostate cancer its something that generally kicks in after 40.  i have no doubt it can come earlier but it seems to be more of a age linked cancer compared to breast cancer which is not.  &gt;it also worries me that awareness for prostate cancer is the central focus  why does it worry you?  prostate is the number one cancer killer in men (lung cancer is the number one killed for both genders).  and that seeing black men are more likely to get it seems to me they focus on it more.  especially with how little focus there is on men's health in general.  &gt;could there be more dire things afflicting men, that men's day could be raising awareness for instead? suicide and mental health, maybe?  baby steps, baby steps. society is only of late barely warming up to the idea men have issues.  we are still years away  from society openly talking about men's issues let alone acknowledge them.  and more so view things like rape that anyone can be a victim of and not solely just women.  edit:  found some info on the prostate age thing:  *prostate cancer occurs mainly in older men. about 6 cases in 10 are diagnosed in men aged 65 or older, and it is rare before age 40. the average age at the time of diagnosis is about 67.*  http://www.cancer.org/cancer/prostatecancer/detailedguide/prostate-cancer-key-statistics
t3_375dtx-t1_crk834k-crkatmp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had my mom bring me in for an ultrasound when i was 12 because i thought i had breast cancer when i found a lump. turns out it was just my boobs growing in. the textbooks never explained that and the illustrated diagrams didn't show it.   that's why these videos are so great. i was convinced my body was 'wrong' because it looked nothing like the perfect drawings in the textbooks. they're talking about developing bodies, so show the developing bodies! show a bunch so the kids can see the spectrum of normal and imperfect and realize they're fine and when they have a problem
t3_1prkdj-t3_1prkdj-cd5f0gv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you're going to ddos a charity, let it be the komen foundation who do virtually nothing to actually fight cancer &amp; keep almost all of the donations as profit, and even lend their brand to companies to sell merchandise with for more profit.   the people taking a large salary at komen would be out of business if a cure for breast cancer was actually found, that alone tells you they have no vested interest in combating it, just in selling pink merchandise to uninformed people who think they're doing a good thing by buying it.
t3_2jt7gc-t3_2jt7gc-cleudqz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5825	important information, but recent source (rule iii). i would suggest you could post this as a self-post in /r/youshouldknow or find a less-recent source to post it here.  it's also worth noting that breast cancer doesn't discriminate by gender. women are more likely to get it than men, but men can get it also, and it can be deadly to them as well. i had an uncle who got breast cancer, which was fortunately discovered during an unrelated procedure. he was treated and lived for decades after that.
t3_1ev62o-t3_1ev62o-ca4gfu9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not a doctor but a widower. my wife fought breast cancer for 18 years. many rounds of chemo and radiation. a double mastectomy and several other surgeries. in the end she died of menengial carcinoma. the cancer had spread to the menengis and the spinal column and she slowly became paralysed starting with the feet and legs then moving up the spine to the bladder and bowls, the hands and arms and then the diaphragm which stopped the breathing. terribly sad to watch. it took about 1 month.
t3_wfavg-t1_c5cy60m-c5cy9qt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there are gender specific make health issues that warrant attention and funding.    i have to support breast cancer shit every time i buy something from the store, and i'll never get breast cancer.  i'd like to see some public support for issues that are actually relevant to my own health.
t3_2sjiih-t3_2sjiih-cnql5fz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have breast cancer and i was told that sometimes mammograms aren't as accurate as an ultrasound. so you can see it as an extra step in being extra careful. i have a ton of tests all the time, and no test is a fun test when dealing with cancer. but they are weapons we have that help win the war. i hate when people say it to me...but stay calm....the results will come....take it one day at a time..i will be thinking about your mom and the best out come for her...xo
t3_2g8unf-t3_2g8unf-ckh19rh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i know that as a trans woman, i have a risk of breast cancer - especially as it runs in my family. but i feel this status isn't aimed at me, or even trans men who are also susceptible to many female health issues. nah, this'll be aimed at gender non-conforming types who wouldn't have had any medical assistance for being trans - so no surgeries or hormones - just female born people pissed off that they aren't included.
t3_2utc5b-t3_2utc5b-cobwk0a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when it comes to genetic testing, some people really want to know and some don't. that's a choice you have to make from your gut. that said, with a family history of brca2 some gyns i know will do 6 month breast exams and mamograms. depending on the density of your breast tissue, you could be in for a lifetime of spot compressions and biopsies along with having to worry that it might be cancer this time.   as far as cost, many insurance companies would rather pay for the surgery rather than the lifetime of intense screening, but you'd have to talk to your insurance company.   assuming you want my advice (why else post here), if it were me or someone in my family, i would advise them to get the genetic testing. if it's negative, then get the essure and have a long life of child free fun.  if it's positive, talk to people you know and find a good gyn for a second opinion on how to proceed (possibly whomever your sister is seeing).
t3_1kbvpx-t3_1kbvpx-cbo6yy6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ldrs are really difficult. my mother got diagnosed with breast cancer just as i was supposed to move to be with my now b/f. we were apart a year and half as a result.  the main problem is that communication goes awry. you have to keep communication up. don't go days without talking and don't keep the conversations that you do have to a limited time. just like any relationship, if you're just calling to say "i love you", then there's no substance. make sure when you're talking, you're being intimate(not sexually, though that's good too). intimate meaning share what's happening in your life.  the important thing to remember is that you're apart now, but what happens when he graduates? that's what you need to focus on. i knew that when my mother was better, i'd be moving to sweden to be with my s/o. you're just settling into a new life. this means you're either going to have to give it up, or expect him to move where you are. before you even think about an ldr, you need to have that settled. an ldr with no hope of being together will not work. an ldr that has an endpoint is incredibly easy. time flies by, in fact. esp when you're working.
t3_33jmc7-t1_cqlqlsy-cqlr3pg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the reply!!!   that was a sudden and unexpected mental image of my parents. but it sure does make a lot of sense.   i'm trying to be as supportive as i can for my dad. its tough to see him like this now. he loved cooking and used to live solely to eat. now its a chore for him to even swallow a bite of food.   it also definitely makes me think more and more about my future. i am 26 and positive for the bcra1 gene mutation which means i have something like an 80% chance of breast cancer in the next 5 years. i am starting to accept it, but every so often i do still get anxiety attacks about it.
t3_2r1uy8-t1_cnbze1v-cncdk1k	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandma had alzheimers. in the later stages, she forgot who i was. she even forgot my dad.   one time she told me i looked like her grandson.  some days it got so bad she'd break down and ask us to kill her...old girl took a bullet from russians,  fought of wolves, had breast cancer twice,  and survived three heart attacks.  she always stood tall and fearless.  but in the end forgetting all of it made her lose it.  now my best friend has started forgetting a lot of things thanks to bi-lateral ect.  8 years of inside jokes, memories, mistakes gone. it's hard to deal with because you lose what makes them, them. he doesn't remember when we met, all the crazy shit we did in highschool.  all the terrible things we've done, lessons learned, people loved.  when we used to climb up on top of the school and piss off the roof, or graduation night when we skipped the parties events and went out to the desert and smoked cigars. man i hope he gets his memories back. because all of these memories are just sad without someone to share them with
t3_21gac9-t3_21gac9-cgcrmg2	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2010.   may 2010: she'd often feel a needle-pricking sensation/pain  around her sternum area. it would last for a few seconds then go away. she ignored it, thinking it was acid reflux or acidity.  around the same time, she started having this problem in her knees. this was completely unrelated to the cancer. she had struggled with her joints previously, so it was something to do with that. she'd take medication for it and it'll get better, which is what she did this time as well. somehow, the medication(i guess it included painkillers) ended up suppressing the pain she was facing around the sternum/chest area.   this went on till september 2010, when she noticed a lump in one of her breasts. alarmed, she went on to get tests done where she was diagnosed with stage 4 breast cancer. she went through numerous chemo-therapies, radiations, surgeries and whatnot for 2 years. unfortunately she passed away in august 2012.  please get an annual check-up done. this can happen to anybody and the sooner it gets detected, the better your chances are. my mom was a healthy eater. vegetarian. never touched alcohol or cigarettes in her life.
t3_335on6-t1_cqif17f-cqii7gi	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7664	i wonder because a former girlfriend supposedly had a double mastectomy as a preventative measure. this was a few years after she and i dated. we were talking about getting back together again when she suddenly went silent. after five weeks, she resurfaced and told me she had breast cancer - stage 1 - and was going to be treated. she then disappeared again for 3 months before contacting me again (once), when she told me she tested positive for a gene that convinced her to take "the nuclear option" of double mastectomy. (she also told me she'd gone back to her ex-boyfriend and that there was no chance we'd be getting back together). i never stopped caring about her (this was 3 years ago and i'm married now) but i've always wondered what that must have been like for her. she had such a wonderful figure - i know it gave her a lot of confidence. i've often wondered about the agony of that decision to give up her breasts and whether she was able to be reconstructed in a way she would be happy with. her family had resources so it wouldn't have been a question of money - just a matter of whether she could be reconstructed to look somewhat natural.  i didn't even know i wondered this until reddit asked me about morbid questions. thanks for the response.
t3_4c59wu-t1_d1f84jt-d1fc2we	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	(this turned into a rant, sorry in advance!) yeah this is a parody of how tumblrinas  do the whole "why don't they hire trans actors and actresses to play trans roles baww" it's because there havent really been any a-list trans actors. if you had chaz bono playing the role of a transman in a movie, it would be real but it wouldn't necessarily be /good/. if you had seen ryan reynolds take off his shirt to reveal two mastectomy scars in a real, hollywood, big budget movie, it would be much more poignant because people know who he is and have a relationship with him. even if its not a real life relationship, we see the actors we know from tv and movies so often it sort of simulates one. they would be drawn in by that pseudo-connection, and moved by his experienced acting and let's face it, good looks.
t3_fb63r-t3_fb63r-c1enb1q	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7479	i will (knock wood) be celebrating by 5th anniversary of finding out i had breast cancer on 03.17.2011. over a year of chemo, double mastectomy, oopherectomy, and assorted crappy shit ... i lol'd so hard. also here's a story about being a punk rock girl with cancer ... ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ i'm not a nazi, i have cancer!  i was going through chemo. i wasn't supposed to get my infusion without a ride. none of my usual victims were available and my ex-husband certainly couldn't be bothered (he's a whole 'nother story couldn't be bother to work, help or do anything but take my money ...)  i was driving myself home from chemo. i lived in a little lake house about 26 miles out of town in prime redneck territory.  i was dressed in my usual "whatever fits" clothes, nice and bloated on steroids. yea! on this day that happened to be a black t-shirt of a punk band, khaki pants ripped off at the knees to make shorts and my big, black combat boots. i also was wearing a red bandanna on my poor bald head.  about 10 miles from my house i am driving behind a logging truck. i hate logging trucks. they drive recklessly and they represent destroying the countryside that i moved 20 miles outside of town to appreciate.  this idiot is driving fast and then slow for no apparent reason. i'm watching his bumper and fuming when i see this tiny white fluff of a kitten run across the road and get sucked up and spit out of his left and then his right rear wheels. i start to let out a shriek and then i see the little body come to life and streak back across the road.  at this point i have to mention. i just got chemo. i am sick. i am not supposed to drive and i am so puking sick it is unbelievable.  i pull my truck to the side of the road where i saw the cat go. did i mention i'm driving a truck? a truck with a lift kit? i live down a very sandy dirt road that gets flooded a lot. it's a necessary thing.  so i jump out of the truck and amazingly i see the kitten, she is curled up under a tree about six feet from the side of the road. i walk over and scoop her up and put her in my truck. she has a long silky white coat with tabby spots. gorgeous! there is no blood and she is very docile. i think "this must be someone's pet! -- i have to find her owner and tell them what happened!!"  so i leave the cat in my truck and start to go door to door.  i knock on the first door. no answer. i can hear people inside. why won't they answer? the nausea is getting bad. i pound on my leg (for some reason this always helps me stop puking). i'm mumbling to myself, jumping up and down pounding on my leg and swearing -- i just want to give the fucking kitten back and get home and puke!  i go to two more houses. i'm really sick by now. i've pulled my bandanna off my bald head and i'm waving it in my face, jumping up and down and pounding on my leg, swearing "oh fuck god-damnit, fuck! answer the fucking door so i can give you the fucking thing! jesus christ!".  oh course in between in my normal voice i'm saying "hello anyone home? hey i got your little kitty!"  i go back to the truck find a piece of paper and write my number and a note to call me about the white cat three times and stick it the best i can on the doors.  i get home, carry the cat into my house and all of the sudden it comes to life! this cat that looked like the pampered and adored pet of someone is an insane feral beast that has been in shock up until now!!! she is literally howling and running across the walls. biting, hissing, scratching! attacking! shit.  so i sit down and think well i wasted my time knocking on those people's doors. then it hits me.  i look like a skinhead. i just went to three people homes and jumped up and down cursing, waiving my fist and pounding my legs on their doorsteps. then i left ripped scrawled messages on their door. oh no. it wasn't that they couldn't hear me ...  i look like an insane nazi skinhead!  a little later i get a call. it's a young girl. she asks why i put a note on her door. i explain i saw a kitten get run over and i wanted to find its owner. she makes a weird half-giggle nervous sound. she says "oh ok, well you look awfully upset ...".  so basically i left chemo and went around a predominately black neighborhood acting like a methed-out nazi-punk.  i kept telling people after that that i wanted to make shirts that said, "i'm not a racist - i have cancer!"  no one thought it was a good idea. i also wanted to do "i'm not in a cult, i just got chemo".  so anyway the stupid cat that led me to traumatize 3 families ...  i finally get her settled and eventually she becomes quite the lap cat (especially after she dropped the kittens she was carrying!!! ahhhh!).  i named her "trucker". she is with another family now but i still have her daughter "peeve" (my pet peeve ...).  so there's my funny cancer story.
t3_11s7g4-t1_c6p8l2d-c6p9yns	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8257	i have nothing against awareness for breast cancer, i had three people in my family suffer from breast cancer and it's not something i would wish upon anyone or anyone's families. regardless, the amount of breast cancer awareness programs we have and the amount of other diseases that kill people daily is unfair. as much as it sucks, there's a lot of people getting rich off of breast cancer and i think there should be more awareness towards that.  i'm sorry if i offended some people who put forth legitimate effort towards breast cancer awareness, but i just get sick of seeing so much effort poured into a single type of cancer when millions of people die every year from multitudes of different cancers and diseases that go unnoticed as far as fundraising goes. i'm not trying to say this particular situation is a sham or anything, and perhaps i chose the wrong outlet for this type of discussion but it's my opinion and i'm not going to edit anything out like op requested in a pm.
t3_46ybpk-t1_d09vdxz-d0a20k4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one of my former co-workers went through the same type of cancer (her positive breast cancer, though a different stage) about a year and a half before i was diagnosed. we joked that if a third person was diagnosed, we might need to talk to a lawyer.
t3_2sxxhv-t1_cnu3s4m-cnukoq4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	can confirm treatment works really well  source: 5 female family members have defeated it in at least one breast  also, the main problem with breast cancer is that most men don't know that they can get it, which they can. even though i am a guy i have a chance to get breast cancer, a much higher one considering 5 people in my family have already got it. (not immediate family, both my grandmothers and 3 aunts)
t3_2mjdi7-t3_2mjdi7-cm5efgv	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	cancer is bad lottory! i have triple negative breast cancer (not hormone cancer). what i have seen until now, and this is just a guess from the patients i have met. seems like most young women get triple negativ (15-20%, and it is rare enough to get it at a young age). while older people tend to get the "normal" form of breast cancer, the one that feeds of hormones. and thats why they give those patients hormone blockers! act like their chemo. now her2-positive patients on the other hand need more treatment, even tho it is hormone controlled.  the type i have, they only know that chemo work..nothing els. and it is aggressive. huzzah!  bad lottory at the age of 28, nothing els.
t3_214aey-t1_cg9qzw6-cg9z4vf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you talked about anxiety and stress -- doesn't really have to do with the gay lifestyle if it was accepted in society.  not a mark against the gay lifestyle.  you talked about cancer among lesbians -- this has more to do with infrequent breast checkups and a lack of children, something hardly specific to a lesbian lifestyle.  plenty of women don't have kids.  you talked about hiv and anal sex -- this is specific to anal sex.  for one, lesbians are not even in the picture here, and for two, if you are responsible and clean with your anal practices, you are not going to contract hiv.  the idea that someone who is gay has more sexual partners than your average person is not surprising.  someone who is going through a deeper sexual discovery than your typical individual is obviously going to have a few more partners.  &gt;the "gay lifestyle" as we know it is very unhealthy  what i'm saying is that's a flat out lie.  *stop* believing it.
t3_4wsbmw-t3_4wsbmw-d69xfgc	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7854	i've taken care of a few women while they were being treated with chemo.  their appetite was minimal and the things they could eat/tolerate were really bland.  rotisserie chicken was something one of them ate all the time as well as almonds and watermelon.  she also drank a lot of ensure.  my mother in law was being treated with chemo and she had to force herself to eat because she had no appetite.  i have two current friends battling breast cancer and in treatment.  both of them have little to no appetite either.  so your meal prep for your grandmother will possibly be more like having grazing food around.  with rotisserie chickens at least you can get all the meat off and freeze it into individual portions.  everyone who goes through chemo is going to have a different reaction so with your grandmother it will probably be a wait and see how she handles the medicines before deciding what you can prep.  and good on you for stepping up and helping.  it's not a easy task and you will need support for yourself too.  don't be afraid to ask for help if it gets to overwhelming.  when you are in it, you kind of go on auto-pilot and don't realize how much weight is on your shoulders.  also, just for a good story, my mother in law did great.  she's in her 70s, ended up with a double mastectomy, did radiation and chemo and is now 4 years cancer free.  her sickness lasted only a day after each treatment.  she still was tired all the time and had no appetite but she came back from all of that pretty fast.
t3_12cnpr-t3_12cnpr-c6tylpw	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer in february. i’m 26 years old with no family history, and no genetic markers for breast cancer. it hadn't spread to my lymph nods. i did six rounds of chemotherapy starting in may, my last round was the 31st of august.  part way through, i noticed these rings on my nails that represent every round. chemo works by destroying fast growing cells, which is why your hair falls out most cases. (note that every chemo is different and there are a variety of different drugs that are used and are tailored to each patients case, you may know someone who had chemo whose hair did not fall out. that can happen, but may hair did) nails are considered fast growing cells, so every round of chemo “stunted” them for a little bit before they grew out a little until the next round.  because of this, every round of chemo can be measured on my nail by a little white line that can be seen as they grow out. i started to get really into nail polish during this time, for a couple of reasons, 1.) nail polish covers up these lines, and 2.) with my hair falling out, nail polish helps me feel girly when a lot of this has been lost. my hair is now growing back really fast. it’s about the length of mia farrow in “rosemary’s baby”.  i am now undergoing radiation therapy for 33 rounds. every weekday ending on 15th of november.   i am not looking for sympathy, i am going to be fine. i caught my cancer early and my prognosis looks good. my cancer isn't aggressive which is very weird for someone my age, it hadn't spread. the miracle i could’ve used was not getting cancer in the first place, however, baring that, this is the next best thing. i have a wonderful husband and family who are very supportive of me. i just thought some of you ladies (and gents) might be interested in seeing how chemo affects the nails. i use opi’s nail envy on them before every manicure, i’m also taking pre-natal vitamins to help facilitate nail growth.   bonus halloween mani, they’re flames damnit!
t3_9ly9f-t1_c0dclxe-c0dffft	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	um, i'd like to be able to breastfeed, thanks.  i also do not have back problems because of my breasts, nor do i have a history of breast cancer in my family.  i also happen to like my body, and don't really want to go slicing bits off of it.  i wouldn't have cosmetic surgery or liposuction, either.  you can be the target of a rapist even when you don't have breasts.  all you have to have is some sort of hole in your body somewhere.  i don't think rapists generally care about breast size - more, i would think, they care about vulnerability.  you don't have to be much of a sex object - you just have to be weak.  i don't want women's attitudes about themselves and their bodies carried backwards in time by ads like this.  i really don't want men's attitudes towards women carried backwards in time by ads like this.  i think that trying to keep all genders respecting women for who they are instead of what they look like is a constant battle that is won and lost in very small increments - this ad, for example, would be a loss.  very small, yes, but the losses build up.  i think it'd be perfectly possible to get women's attention in a fun, non-preachy way without appealing to the idea that breasts are for men.  don't ask me what that ad campaign would be; i'm not an ad person.  but i think it's very important to be careful about these ads and the secondary messages that come through.  i also happen to think that what will *really* work to get women to do breast self-exams and start getting mammograms at age 40 is a sense of high self-esteem; a desire to take care of yourself because you find yourself valuable.  i'm guessing/hoping there aren't many women out there who would do breast self-exams only because they wanted to save their tits for their possible next fuck.  women who think like that - that their bodies don't matter for shit except as other people see them - tend to do very unhealthy things with their bodies, such as put them through anorexia &amp; bulimia...  in other words, they don't really think about keeping themselves healthy.  **edit: my breasts also happen to give me sexual pleasure, by the way.  one more reason to not hack them off willy-nilly.
t3_45i1ow-t3_45i1ow-czy738z	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there have been 2 times i've given myself a breast exam in the shower. both times i get so light headed and sick that i need to sit down in the shower. i have no idea why, i have no history of breast cancer in my family that i know of. i don't think having a fear of breast cancer is irrational, but having such an extreme reaction to something that should be so routine is crazy.
t3_2mxwd9-t3_2mxwd9-cm8kf99	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here is what the linked meme says in case it is blocked at your school/work or is unavailable for any reason:  #***awkward moment seal***    &gt;***post title:***  *i don't know why i thought it would be funny. it's not funny.*   &gt;***top:***  *notice co-worker has unusally healthy lunch. "what's up, you get cancer or something?"*   &gt;***bottom:***  *"oh yes, i had cancer three times.  breast cancer twice and ovary cancer once."*     [original link^1](http://imgur.com/cq0muko) | [meme template^2](http://imgur.com/memegen/create/cq0muko)
t3_3hpjir-t3_3hpjir-cu9m149	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just had one myself! for me, i had a couple of reasons i wanted to go. 1) i hadn't had a pap in like three years and was due anyway 2) i have a history of breast cancer in my family and wanted to talk about age and risk factors 3) i have other medical issues that might impact pregnancy and wanted to know if i should do anything before ttc (turns out i should, and am scheduled for an mri next month).   we also talked about diet, prenatals, my husband quitting smoking, and medications that are/are not safe to take when ttc. i also am set to get preliminary genetic testing done soon, too.
t3_1l01q9-t3_1l01q9-cbufomf	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7102	i met my wife though some mutual friends.  we hit it off right away. the first two months we were together every moment possible.  then, i deployed to bosnia for 11 months. we did the long distance relationship thing, and when i got home it was like i had never left.  two years later we got married because we wanted to, and i was preparing to deploy again.  this year we worked together to get her through breast cancer.  she was almost a full year in surgeries, chemo, and radiation. i was with her every step of the way, and on days when she wasn't doing so good i took care of the house, kids, dogs, and horse. she never got too down over the whole cancer thing, and often told me thank-you.  i know she would do the same for me, that's what best friends do.
t3_3hczbb-t3_3hczbb-cu7p7x4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i actually did this just a week ago. i'd had a really good conversation with a friend who didn't know what i had been going through and was also struggling with her own mental hurdles. we finished that conversation feeling so content about having been able to just let it all out without shame or fear. granted, i know it's because we trusted each other and social media is a completely different monster, but i said f it.   i wrote a long post the following morning just saying that i was recently diagnosed with a mental illness and my thoughts and struggles on not only living with a disorder, but also the social stigmas attached. i'm a writer so the words came easily. i said i wish we could discuss progress in these areas as easily as we talk about how often we hit the gym or quit smoking. i wish that by making mental health important and "commonplace," people would feel more comfortable seeking the treatment they need to improve their quality of life. i mean i had an easier time saying i had breast cancer than admit that my mind needs some help.   i ended with a disclaimer asking folks to contribute to this conversation on mental health and refrain from saying "you're brave/inspiring/strong" because that was not what this was about. i didn't come out as saying i had bpd, but i threw it in as an example somewhere in the message. the response was really warm and receptive (and if anyone felt differently no one spoke up against it and i really have no qualms about what someone else might think). to me, there was some value in sharing something so personal: to let even just one person think okay, i'm not the only nut job around here.   so many people came forward with their own stories and how they've approached their battles with anxiety, depression, ocd, self-harming, addiction, etc. so many wished that their families were more understanding, that they would take mental health as seriously as they did physical health...and the private messages alone were worth it. just people asking for resources and sharing the things they've learned and being thankful to have a little outlet to express themselves to someone who might understand was really comforting to me during a week where i was just doubting if all this work i'm doing will catch on.   but that's my story/experience. i've realized that people have come to expect me to be sincere, open, and encouraging when it comes to sharing my stories and opening the floor for any other brave souls to come forward. and i don't regret it.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jjoxs	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm two years past my stage 2b breast cancer diagnosis, so pm me if you have specific questions. i did a unilateral mastectomy with latis reconstruction, chemo, and radiation. my main advice:  1. as they say, first, you cry. then get yourself klonopin (anti-anxiety drug).  it makes it easier to deal with the irrational (and rational) fears and worries you will have. you can cry after that too. this shit sucks, but you will get through it.  2. have stuff to look forward to. i know one girl who bought herself a purse after each chemo round and one who bought a car after she finished. that's extreme, but treat yo'self! and plan trips or vacations to give yourself something to look forward to. we threw a couple of parties (a bye-bye boobie party and a mid-chemo party) and traveled too.  3.  acupuncture for chemo. no joke. 4.  i second getting a kindle for chemo, but you might sleep the whole time anyway bc they will pump you with benadryl to minimize an allegeric reaction to the chemo drugs. bring a friend to talk to. it will go by faster than you think.  5.  continue to work or do whatever you did before. trying to be as normal as possible really helps.   you can do it!
t3_1nwo9b-t1_ccmubhx-ccmzzaa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* [website 1](http://www.collective-evolution.com/2013/08/23/20-medical-studies-that-prove-cannabis-can-cure-cancer/): the first website i came across with 20 studies on it. i'll go through them one by one.   * [article 1] (http://www.nature.com/bjc/journal/v95/n2/abs/6603236a.html): first of all i don't even need to read the whole article to see the flaw here. the fact is, it's a very small sample here. aside from this only 2 of the 9 patients showed any change. as it states this is a small clinical study. it does not stipulate a "cure" or "treatment" for cancer. it is simply a basis for future research which i am yet to even come across. the type of tumour they are talking about here is a brain tumour which requires surgery to remove and radiotherapy or chemotherapy afterwards. not everyone has success with surgery as the tumour may not be able to be removed. hence why &gt;the patients had previously failed standard therapy (surgery and radiotherapy) and had clear evidence of tumour progression&lt;. this is not to say that radiotherapy or chemotherapy just simply wasn't good enough for them. chemotherapy is this circumstance actually helps 50% of those treated. so i would rather go with a 50% chance of survival than a 22% chance. probably the reason why something like this would not be picked up by the nhs.  * [article 2](http://www.jneurosci.org/content/21/17/6475.abstract): again this is an animal study. it in no way shows that this is effective in humans. it does not show a cure or treatment for cancer. it is simply saying that with the administer of this drug it can reduce the amount of neural damage by 36%. this is not about a treatment after cancer has been diagnosed.  * [article 3](http://jpet.aspetjournals.org/content/308/3/838.abstract): again an animal study. not a cure. there is some interesting data here but in no way more significant than the outstanding amount of scientific data in favour of chemo or radiotherapy. hence why "doctors don't know about it". they don't know about it because it isn't even a treatment yet!  * [article 4](http://mct.aacrjournals.org/content/10/1/90.abstract): this is from a petri dish under lab conditions. not in a human sample. it was also partially funded by a pharma company and included in two patent applications.   * [article 5](http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/20859676): again, in a lab in a dish. as i have said before this is not proof of a cure or proof that it will occur in humans. many many medicines will start with this phase and many will make it to the human participant phase and then show no progression because it simply doesn't work the same in the human body. i am not being negative, just being realistic and open-minded.  * [article 6](http://jpet.aspetjournals.org/content/early/2006/05/25/jpet.106.105247): these are extracts of cannabis. not cannabis in it's pure  form from which you smoke it. so should i point out that you can't just go and smoke it and it'll have the same effect (another downfall of these "informative" websites). &gt;potential treatment for cancer&lt; are the words they have used in this article. not a cure.  * [article 7](http://www.molecular-cancer.com/content/9/1/196): this one is slightly more positive but again is not in humans. it uses human breast cancer tumours outside of the person. this is promising.... i say promising, not proven!  * i'm going to stop here because i don't want to create a massive list. please pm me if you've got anymore examples. i'm yet to watch your documentaries.
t3_xiz4w-t1_c5n4x7p-c5nbpb8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have no idea why and am unsure about family history... i have a family history of breast cancer so i'm hoping that it will make a difference... not all breast cancer cases happen after 50!
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46lv2d	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6664	throwing up is not necessarily part of this. they have drugs for that. i had breast cancer (10 positive lymph nodes) 20 years ago, and the treatment was doable. i was able to keep working, which was a great distraction. once you have your first treatment, you'll get past the fear. sounds weird, but there are plenty of things in life worse than chemo. sounds like you're a pretty strong person. keep up the attitude, and you'll get through this better than you think.
t3_3i5rcw-t3_3i5rcw-cue4r3o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	even with some access to birth-family.... no one seems to honestly know anything when it comes to medical stuff.   i recently did some tests to see my breast cancer risk, the blood panel included general "oncology" risks, and everything came back negative. so i know there are definitely tests out there. i was going to do a follow-up test that is just a saliva test, they check your proteins, but i was ineligible because i'm not 35 years old.   my insurance covered the test because of my own medical history/possible risk factor. depending what you want to know, or anything that might be popping up in your adult life, you may just need to assess possible risks with your doctor. if the dr deems certain tests unnecessary, and you want to do them anyway, then you may need to pay out of pocket.
t3_37rk4g-t3_37rk4g-crpc5r3	breast_cancer	relevant	0.662	first: breathe. you'll be best able to evaluate the situation and communicate with your husband and mil if you're still breathing and able to think straight. yep, it's scary as all hell, but you'll all be okay with one another's company. you also have this group, right here, for the times when you need non-familial support.  the good news is that the closer she is to menopause the slower it's likely to progress. it might be the only good news involved, but it counts! the decision between lumpectomy and mastectomy will likely depend on how she feels about risking all of her breast tissue vs having to go back again to take the rest if the cancerous tissue is found beyond the initial lump. it may be that when she discusses it with the dr. on monday that s/he will have a recommendation of a direction to take, hopefully with some explanation behind the decision.   do your best to resist the urge to spend all night googling for diagnoses and results. few of the stories you find will match your mil's specific case and will feed your worries without much gain. discuss with your husband a few 'what if' scenarios so that you've thought about them and agreed upon a few action plans, then find a way to discuss with your mil how she feels about the first few steps that her healthcare providers have presented to her. don't spend too long discussing the proverbial ending with her yet - try to help her focus on what she has control over right now and the aspects of treatment and care that the providers are planning with her. the rest will come later, and it's hard to hold on to enjoying the today/near future that's available when one is focused on the inevitable - this goes for all humans.   source: my own mother's story. pm me if you need a direct contact. i'm listening.
t3_30jrf5-t3_30jrf5-cpu2gb5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this sounds a lot like what i have been dealing with in my marriage. my wife is an infj and clings to it as her personal definition for everything. recently she started telling me she was fine feeling depressed and that she is just a hyper sensitive person and doesn't need to change.  back story is we have been in counseling for nearly a year, closer to eight months. we had our first child last year and she is amazing.  my wife is from the uk and we also live in the bay area for now. we met online in 2008.  we married almost five years ago.  this last year has been very turbulent, but prior to this i had a bit of an emotional affair with a coworker who was dying of cancer around the first year of our marriage. this came up a lot in counseling. later she would give me laundry lists of things i did or said that were wrong, or perceived as hurtful to her. i apologized so many times for the past, hoping she could move beyond it, she called this her infj door slam moment, however i never slept with anyone else, she is the second most important person in my life, next to our daughter.  our counselor kept asking her to try to forgive me, and i have put in time for counseling one on one, and speaking with kaiser over some of my issues. she claims she thinks i am a psychopath and a compulsive liar, but the truth is she would never make any decisions in our relationship prior and post marriage.  this past year i have learned a lot, i have become a father, and have tried to move forward with my life. i realized that she basically will never forgive me and won't get over someone that died, whom i never slept with but spent a lot of time with prior to her terminal illness, and later when i knew she was going to die i spent time trying to make sure she was well cared for.  the past year has felt strikingly similar, my wife's depression and anxiety has been something pervasive throughout our relationship, likely compounded by my actions, but has always been present.  i believed showing her that i appreciate her and being the best husband i could be would help me atone for my prior actions, and thought counseling would help. for her, talking about it only seemed to bring it back harder, as if it had just happened.  she started talking about strange things prior to her vocal breakdown after our daughter was about three months old. she started questioning our future, asking or suggesting that we might divorce, and asking me about visiting my daughter summertimes, while she moved back to england. later she asked if i would fight her or not for custody, or if i would just let her go back. these statements scared me.  i started feeling like all my attempts at repair, and my feels were completely invalidated. our counselor said to keep trying, and suggested trial separation, which i thought meant the legal term of separation.  because of this and the lack of doing the simple things the counselor suggested she do - joining mothers groups, volunteering, going out a few nights a week, it really scared me.  it was almost at this point that i started questioning our future as well. i saw her as stubborn, and resistive, unable to to show any forms of empathy.  i spoke with legal services because i thought we were getting legally separated.  later it turned out that she actually meant that we were going to just live apart a while, but the things i learned from the lawyer scared me. i was reading on what to do about the depression, the denial of love or reciprocation between her and i, coupled with her inactions and lack of communication. when she shuts down she would just give single word responses, or just not talk.  when this dragged on a few more months it just felt dead, like completely. i would come home or go to work. the only thing i would live for is seeing my daughter.  my wife would start using her as a reason not to do things. i realized that i basically was trapped in a cycle, i feel guilty all the time, i would do things i thought might help the relationship, but she would just feel less of me or think less of me.  i felt like we were just stagnant. she didn't want to hear me, i tried to hear her but then she just started only saying hurtful things or things that would make me feel guilty or potentially jealous.  she would constantly flirt with her friend on facebook, or have long conversations with them while nearly ignoring me over the past year.  we also went back to england at one point, something that was a sticking point for her and her mother. we had not gone back for nearly four years prior to this.  she initially went back alone with my daughter. she told me how much she missed me, and that she was there, and thought she would feel different, but that she was indeed depressed.  i left to see her believing things may be improving, we had not had any real intimacy for some time also she is still breast feeding and this can also cause issues, but when i arrived she seemed receptive though the initial welcoming at the airport seemed like she wasn't that happy to see me. a few days later it went back to the cold dead place it had been. all of this is about six months ago, prior to the separation suggestion.  last week i felt i hit a wall. she had been unable to get me anything for valentine's day, she barely did anything for christmas with me, and i tried sending her flowers or telling her how important she was to me, leaving small gifts or messages that i believe in her.  the fear that nothing was getting better was overwhelming me. she unleashed a torrent of questions about our intimacy, telling me i made her feel repulsed, although i remember we had fertility treatment and had tried to conceive for nearly a year and a half before our daughter was a positive pregnancy test.  all this pushing me away, lack of action or decisions on her part just pushed me to a very dark place. i felt out of control of my future, let alone our relationships direction. i would try to talk she would pull away, i would listen and openly try to be helpful but she was still sad or unsatisfied.  i began to doubt she would get better and realized she wasn't putting in effort in a way i felt was constructive.  i bit the bullet and filed for divorce, initially i thought this would just help put some definition on where our relationship and future was going, bit ultimately the things she kept stating about going back to england were the main reasons for protecting my rights to my daughter.  i thought perhaps secondary to filing, that she might ultimately question why i had come to this conclusion and perhaps speak with me about what we might be able to do to prevent it. i knew this was unlikely, and was at a place and still am where i can accept that i have done everything possible to try and fix the damage, or heal the relationship and that ultimately we were stuck in this rut, this would provide definition to something that wasn't going anywhere.  so i had a friend serve papers a week or so ago, because she had family coming and i wanted to make sure she had some support close by.  this had some very bad unintended consequences. although things actually dont feel different from where they have been this past year for me, evidently it brought everyone else to the same place.  family started attacking me, her family said things like that's it, or even tried to physically assault me.  now i realize why she is the way she is. none of them. none. have questioned how i could come to such a dark place and feel like it was a reasonable option.  i dont know what will happen, but i am okay with it because in the end i am escaping someone who won't do anything to help herself, or has any value for me and hides behind this infj doorslam statement.  i belived before this that all problems can be solved, but i am begining to realize some people can't be saved, especially if the are in denial of their depression, resent the person that want to help them, or are just too stubborn to accept that they have a problem.  i love my wife, but i have to make sure i am in an okay place for my daughter.  since she is an infj i am not sure she will ever understand the above statement.
t3_43wmad-t3_43wmad-czljksa	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5087	i'm sorry for your loss. that's the way cancer kills. it eventually spreads from the place it started (in your dad's case, the lung) to "everywhere" when it reaches its final stages and interferes with important organ and bone functions. my dad's cancer started in the prostate, but eventually spread everywhere. it was still prostate cancer, even when it was in his bones and when it destroyed his kidney function so much that he went into a coma and died. i have breast cancer, and if we don't stop it from spreading (to bones, brain, liver, etc.) it will kill me in any number of ways.
t3_21znyr-t3_21znyr-cghyxyy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is what is so pernicious about cheating - she has put you in an almost untenable position: living a life of mistrust, looking over your shoulder, or divorcing and possibly damaging your children.    are you convinced you know all the facts surrounding the affair? chances are that you don't. i suspect you recognize that cheaters tend to be repeat players.   if it was me, i would divorce her absent other extenuating circumstances you haven't indicated, thus maintaining my dignity, self respect and frankly sanity. the kids will be hurt, but you can manage through it. remember, it is her adultery, not your move for a divorce, that is the proximate cause of the children's distress.   if you decide to stay with her, i sure as hell would hire a private investigator to collect all the relevant facts about the affair and confirm she isn't up to anything else. because cheaters are repeat players, you may need to do this exercise regularly. this can be expensive.   my wife was unfaithful (one night stand several years back; the occurrence was disclosed to me by a now-ex friend of hers) and i decided to stay because of: (i) the perceived damage it would do to my young daughter, and (ii) the amount of money my wife would have walked away with in a divorce (i am a successful entrepreneur).  i immediately emotionally and physically disengaged from my wife.  as it turns out, my wife has since been diagnosed with terminal cancer (double radical mastectomy a few weeks ago), so the universe may resolve this quandary for me. i do care deeply about my daughter and how growing up without a mother will impact her.   remember, as much as possible, live your one and only life on your own terms.  constantly looking over your shoulder is no way to do that.  please feel free to pm me if you would like.   godspeed.
t3_6y3j9-t3_6y3j9-c056jqf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	why has no one compiled a comprehensive list of advertisers so that a boycott can begin?!  this is what i was able to find:  wlfl raleigh, nc - wb/22 (local news advertisers)      * ruby tuesdays     * schewel's     * alltel/motorola     * megaliquidationstore.com (four times)     * nyquil     * community dental care     * wide shoe warehouse     * directtv     * stone school supply.com     * honda     * geico.com     * nissan (twice)     * independence air     * russotto &amp; spencer     * marcari     * ford (twice)     * harris teeter.com     * henson fuerst law (www.lawmed.com)     * dodge     * verizon wireless  wlos asheville, nc - abc/13 (local news advertisers)      * firehouse casual living store (828) 252-2789 841 merrimon avenue suite b asheville, nc 28804     * apple tree honda (828) 651-8639 195 underwood rd fletcher, nc 28732     * hunter chevrolet-volvo-subaru-hyundai co inc (828) 693-8666 2520 asheville hwy hendersonville, nc 28791     * carolina furniture concepts inc (828) 681-5011 2617 hendersonville rd arden, nc 28704     * paramount kia of asheville inc (828) 298-6006 740 tunnel rd asheville, nc 28805     * tyson furniture company inc (828) 669-5000 109 broadway black mountain, nc 28770     * pearlman's carpet-carpet one (828) 252-1594 80 charlotte st asheville, nc 28801     * harrahs (casino) cherokee (828) 497-7777 777 casino drive cherokee, nc 28719     * asheville dodge (828) 298-4911 860 tunnel rd asheville, nc 28805  buffalo wutv fox 6 advertisers      * isc-invention submission corp. 800-203-idea [2]     * ying's wings &amp; things 716-639-0031 [3] jim@yingswingsthings.com     * trimspa [4] 1-800-trimspa     * cdi college [5] 866-569-2934     * attorney kenneth hiller 716-564-3288     * concerned patient hotline 800-cpadvice     * nicholas, perot, smith, bernhardt, zosh [6] 800-777-2040     * cellino &amp; barnes [7] 800-483-2050 (the biggest western ny sinclair advertiser)     * la weight loss centers 800-526-slim     * prudent choice healthcare solutions 800-314-7890     * valu home centers [8]     * international academy of design technology [9] 866-425-5449     * idt [10] 800-667-5401     * star 102.5 [11]     * directtv 888-777-2042     * peachtree settlement funding 800-444-8237 [12]     * injury helpline 800-560-5516     * pampers canada[ http://www.pampers.ca]     * liberty medicine 800-225-1070     * verizon dsl [13]888-331-7375     * law office of norman mattar, esq. 716-633-4300     * the lawyer's group 800-677-2020 [14]     * united financial management group, inc.800-567-2630     * ikea [15]   wlfl wb22 raleigh, nc 5:30-6:00 (frasier, no local news at this time)      * wide shoe warehouse: raleigh 6405 westgate rd ste 129, raleigh, nc (919) 787-7778     * bounty paper towels     * clairol hair color     * hoover empower upright vacuum (sears)     * medicaid dental center: raleigh 919-773-3002 (advertising director: 919-740-1890)     * bell south (direct tv)     * malevolence (horror movie)     * la weight loss center     * www.martinandjones.com (personal injury attorny)     * www.nccash.com (north carolina state treasurer)     * snickers candy bat     * circuit city     * chilis restaurant     * progressive insurance     * john t. orcutt (debt consolidation or attorny) http://www.billsbills.com/  10:00 pm news october 13      * toyota cameray     * neutrogena     * halls fruit breezers     * cingular wireless     * chevy malibu (carolina chevy dealer)     * verizon wireless family share plan     * genuine ford parts and service www.genuinefordservice.com     * medicaid dental center 919- 773-3002 (advertising director: 919-740-1890)     * direct tv     * dodge trucks     * richard burr (repub for senate)     * hardees commercial (very funny, how big they are, kerry's got his arms wide)     * ford explorer and expedition fordvehicles.com     * erskin bowles commercial (dem for senate)     * www.myfreehdtv.org     * nissan xterra     * nissan altima www.nissanusa.com     * ruby tuesday     * erskin bowles (dem for senate, damn this commercial is hard hitting. "burr got more special interest money than any other member of congress")     * www.lawmed.com (personal injury lawyers) hensen and feurst lawyers     * richard burr (repub for senate, using breast cancer survivor)     * dodge magnum (car)     * hardees (breakfast bowl)     * honda odyssey     * mcdonalds breakfast     * circuit city     * volkswagon     * burger king breakfast     * dodge dakota  kmwb minneapolis mn channel 23 wb      * itt-technical institute eden prairie campus [16] 1-800-331-1234     * brown college 1-800-766-2010     * walker law offices 612-821-0094     * bryman institue 1-800-577-7113     * direct tv 1-800-553-3163     * injury helpline 1-800-526-0005   wgme 13 portland maine      * casco bay ford, yarmouth maine: (207) 846-5577 or (800) 295-1505; cascobay@maine.rr.com     * bath fitter, a vt company, 877-775-2022: http://www.bathfitter.com/contact.html     * downeaster (regional amtrak line), 207-780-1000, http://www.thedowneaster.com/contact_us.php     * young's furniture: 800-497-5634     * subaru of new england: local dealer: 207-774-1429, mainemall@subarumail.com howarde@snemail.com     * verizon online dsl, http://www22.verizon.com/forhomedsl/channels/dsl/contact+us.asp     * honda: (800) 999-1009     * ford: 1-800-392-3673     * unicel.com, 1-800-go-cellular     * tim hortons (canadian company!): 1-888-601-1616, customer_service@timhortons.com     * us cellular: 888.944.9400
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfcz89	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	**tl;dr - tiny lump in breast, rapid growth**  my mother was in her first bubble bath in years to celebrate her birthday and felt a small lump, very very small. like, 1/4 of a pea small. she thought it was a pimple but because it was deep in the breast, she's adopted, and getting older she did not want to take any chances and booked an appointment right away to get it looked at, insisting on a sooner appointment when she felt like it was growing. it was.  it was inflammatory breast cancer and quickly advancing, within weeks it was the size of a small baseball in her breast. if she had not been so fast getting it looked at she'd be dead, even a week or two would have cost her her life. if you think something is wrong, or feels off, ffs get it looked at by a professional is what she'd tell you.
t3_dj36s-t1_c10kqp8-c10l587	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	everyone else likes the breast cancer line, "you are tearing me apart," and football in tuxedos, but my favorite part was the random guy that shows up toward the end and starts giving advice like he's been there the whole time. i know it's because the guy who played peter [quit](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_room_\(film\)#cast), but without knowing that, it had me in stitches, especially considering how bad of an actor the guy was.
t3_437qej-t1_czgqhte-cziaslb	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hello! i really think that you should go get this checked out. it's probably nothing to worry about, but you will feel much better afterward. i have been terrifying myself for weeks thinking i had breast cancer because i felt what i thought were lumps and was experiencing pain in my breasts and it was normal breast tissue.   why does your mother not want you to go to the doctor? frankly, it is none of her business. your health is your business and it's your life and your mental wellbeing. please go get checked, just for the peace of mind.
t3_1koctu-t1_cbrlgx8-cbrlk6v	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had a lot of other people's parts in me, haha, but they always take them back when we're done.   i will admit that when we found out i had really weird breast cancer (tnbc with no brca), i had a moment of superstitious paranoia, like maybe the bone fragment was to blame! silly me.
t3_1j8lit-t3_1j8lit-cbclvml	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm afraid to have them lying around on my computer... i figure no one else can get their hands on them if i never take them.  now that said, i had a breast cancer scare a few months ago, and you bet your ass if the doc had come back with "it's cancer" and not just "that lumpy feel shows up on the ultrasound as normal breast tissue" i'd have taken a shit-ton of boob pics.
t3_1t13zv-t3_1t13zv-ce3hz0b	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i really don't know where my long term partner and i are. when we first got together he told me he wasn't interested in my male side and stupid me, i thought i could handle that because i'm not strictly binary.   two years in, i noped out hard. i couldn't do it anymore. on top of this was me trying to be mono and failing at that as well, plus i quit drinking which is how he and i got together in the first place. after an aborted attempt at breaking up, i told him i'd lived his life for two years and i wanted to try my way now.  i shed many, many tears over his reactions to me being trans. he's overall very straight and i figured we were doomed. luckily we both believe in commitment and we're doing the best we can. he's going to move down to where i am soon and i think it will be much easier to figure things out then. i've been holding off on doing too much transitioning until he gets here, because it will be less of a shock if he sees me every day.  i have a hard time grasping it sometimes because if i had breast cancer and had to get my breasts removed, he wouldn't hold that against me. why hold it against me for being trans? that's a valid condition too.
t3_1qutky-t1_cdgsa6t-cdgssmu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6756	yes my mom is doing well, thank you.  she's the only one who has had breast cancer in my lifetime, but my family is rather small and she found out after her diagnosis that one person who died quite a while ago is thought to have had breast cancer.  her oncologist isn't concerned about family history, so my general practitioner's vigilance seems misplaced.  my doctor said that i would get my cheek swabbed in her office, she would send it to the company, they would check with my insurance, and then i would get a call letting me know how much of the cost i would be responsible if i choose to go through with the testing, which is less reassuring than seeing an independent genetic counselor.  i need to just switch doctors (there is literally a bible verse on the fetal development chart on the wall and she comes off condescending/judgey about sexual activity, which is not awesome from the doctor who prescribes me my bc) so maybe i would trust that person's opinion more.   i'm sorry to hear about your tumors and hope you have access to effective treatment for your disorder.  thanks for sharing your perspective.
t3_2od2os-t1_cmm7nnf-cmm8r1f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi, i know you mean well, and i feel bad saying something, but i think its also really important to say this.  but one of the most hurtful things someone can say to someone who has infertility issues is "don't stress." there's a myth out there that stressing will make it harder to conceive. there's all sorts of people who say variations of this "just relax! it'll happen! you're stressing too much." but its really, really important to know this is a medical condition. we have a diagnosis. our chances of conceiving on our own, without any help are estimated at less than 4% (i think the doc was trying to be generous with that). stressing will not make it harder to conceiving -- trust me, i've researched and talked to fertility specialists about this. unless i'm undergoing extreme stress (war-torn bombing level), it won't matter, and at most affect only one or two cycles.  try and think about it in terms of something else. if i said i had late stage breast cancer would you say -- don't stress about it! you'll be fine! most people would know that's not the right thing to say. anecdotal evidence, is also not hepful. you don't know what the issues those people had compared to ours.  i say this because infertility is soul crushing. every month now when my period comes there is a huge sense of sadness and loss. as i struggle to save enough money to try ivf (realistically our best bet), i also struggle with how this has affected me.  i know you mean well, but its really important to me to try and educate people, because sometimes it is really cutting, when they don't mean to be.
t3_1m18cr-t1_cc4swa0-cc4tfl3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; upper middle class write about these things because they have the education and resources to deal with it  and because they have the time on their hands. those upper middle class women used to have full time jobs, now they're not employed at all or consulting, and they need to fill their time with *something.* so they take all that energy they used to put into the career, and put it into parenthood, completely submerging themselves in it unlike women of other economic groups who are also busy working, possibly more than 1 job, going to school at the same time, etc.  &gt; what you don't know can kill you.  true, but i don't live my life based on the idea that anything can kill me and i just don't know yet. life is a series of risks, and we are all able to weigh those risk for ourselves and decide which ones to take and which not to take. imo we have more cancer because people are no living long enough to get cancer, rather than dying of infectious disease at a young age, or heart attack/stroke in their 50's or 60's. i don't smoke (a risk factor for any type of cancer) and i only drink socially. there is no cancer in my family except a few early/mid 20th century smokers who got lung cancer, and someone who got colon cancer after declining routine colonocsopy (if you get your recommended colonocsopies, they can remove polyps and make you far more likely to avoid the cancer). so i am not worried about getting cancer from any food.   if somebody else wants to make different choices from me based on their own personal assessment of those risks, that is fine. but i don't want anybody getting into my business and telling me how to make *my* choices, and having a kid seems to invite people to do just that. no thanks.   bottom line- anybody who would like to make their own baby food is free to do so, along with anybody who would like to breast feed, co sleep, whatever. but i want to be left alone, and not having kids at all is the best way for me to avoid all this noise and be left alone.
t3_2jx65u-t3_2jx65u-clg4u8t	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7367	hello, i'm also positive for the brca2 gene and 28 years old. i hope everything comes back clean/negative, but if it is cancer i would love to help her (emails/phone calls/text) with any questions she might have or even just to vent!! it's really scary! i was diagnosed with stage iib breast cancer in february of this year and have since completed chemo, surgery and have seven radiation treatments left. hang in there!! my husband and i can completely related to the scan anxiety and waiting for the results. wishing all the best for you and your wife. please keep us updated.
t3_3y4sea-t3_3y4sea-cyarmro	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hey, i've had 3 of these removed! if the lump moves around in the breast it's usually a benign cyst. mine are fibroadenomas; i've had 3 so far and i'm 21.   if you're uncomfortable, get an ultrasound to check what the lumps look like. you can get them biopsied.   i chose to get mine removed because i have a strong family history of breast cancer but removing them isn't even necessary!   good luck and don't freak out! :)
t3_3goc1s-t3_3goc1s-cu04z2l	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7531	three years ago, while i lived at my parents in between jobs, my grandmother was diagnosed with stage iv metastatic breast cancer and was told she had 6 months left to live. she decided this was her way to go so she signed a dnr. she also refused to be admitted to a hospice facility so my family and i took care of her at home with a hospice nurse visiting ever so often.   the night before mothers day, i came back home after a night out with friends and followed my usual routine checking up on my her: greet her, see if she needs anything for pain, talk with her for a bit, and make sure she’s comfortable. she fell asleep quickly and i went to my room (adjacent to hers) shortly after.   about a couple hours later after i had fallen asleep, i wake up thinking i hear someone gasping for air and a bed creaking but i brush it off assuming i heard nothing. i was completely wrong. i wake up to my mom shaking me awake and crying, and it hit me that what i heard earlier was real. it was my grandma and those were her last breaths.   sometimes i wish i never had woke up that night to hear her dying.
t3_421y07-t3_421y07-cz7bc1s	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6766	nectrotic, purulent wounds. i had a patient with stage iv breast cancer, she had a huge open tumor on her chest that was just eating away at her body. changing that dressing smelled like death, it was awful and my heart broke for her.
t3_1547xw-t1_c7j62lg-c7j6egq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if i were a girl and i had breast cancer i would definitely volunteer. afaik, having your boobs squeezed is fun and it might help with my breast cancer. it's a win-win situation.
t3_2xan3e-t3_2xan3e-cpe14zw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i would see a gynecological oncologist, usually they're pretty up to date with endo, and obviously there are cancer concerns.  so it sounds like you made the right appointment.  endometriosis can be in the recto-vaginal space.  i had most of mine there, and even had my rectal and vaginal walls scar together.  your current doctor is an idiot and it is possible you also have an infection. i got a uterine infection after my first lap which included a myomectomy for a fibroid and removal of stage iii endo.  another potential issue is adenomyosis which is irregular growth of endometrial cells inside the walls of the uterus.  i had that too, and had a partial hyst (kept ovaries &amp; cervix).  since that surgery i have been symptom free.  it is usually a good idea to keep your ovaries as long as possible as there can be long term health risks without them.  however, with ovarian cancer running in your family that can change the game.  it might be worthwhile to find out if any of your family members are brca carriers.  that gene can be tested for (it causes ovarian and breast cancer) if that's the gene that your family has, and you have it then you know that taking the ovaries out is not a bad plan.
t3_1tcgic-t3_1tcgic-ce6t8ld	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5036	i had a rare type of breast cancer at 33 years of age. the probability of having it is 0.09 and i was the lucky winner. if you want details, i would have to dig out all that crap... but will do if requested ;0)
t3_dng7a-t3_dng7a-c11khgt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7387	my partner's aunt, a breast cancer survivor, was out grocery shopping with us.  the cashier peppily asked if she wanted to donate a dollar "for the cure."  she declined, and the cashier gave her a dirty look, so she said,  "hey, wait - i had breast cancer... why don't you give me a dollar?"
t3_3i3f8e-t1_cue7blo-cue8dqm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah. part of it is to assess my cancer risk as i have an extensive family history of breast cancer but i am also going to ask about prenatal testing. my husband and i do not have a family history of anything that i would terminate over but it's good to get the experts opinion. the appointment is 90 minutes long and costs me a $10 copay. the brca test is free and then other genetic testing is covered up to $500. so there's just no reason not to.
t3_2cv7r7-t3_2cv7r7-cjjd4fm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7473	shirley temple black. her movies were ancient when i was a child, but, they were always positive and entertaining. her work as an ambassador was inspiring. when she shared her experiences as a breast cancer survivor, it helped to bring the truth about chemotherapy and body image into public discussion.   i have never cared about celebrities, but, her death made me reflect on the contributions she made to us all. she made us laugh, dance, sing and consider public service.
t3_40muyi-t1_cyvmc3g-cyw6kz9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'll put a different spin by addressing the cultural ideals.  now do understand that this is talking both about how it used to be, as well as how it has changed.  women have value by merely existing.  (women and children first is a good example, and one that still exists today). and that's not necessarily a good thing, for instance salary discrepancies and such.  men have to work to have value, and subsequently are seen as worthless if they don't do what is expected of them by society.  so you don't experience any threat to your femininity because you've been trained to think of it by society as intrinsic to your being.  maybe if you had a mastectomy or became barren you'd feel it, but that's really up to you.  you'll get support regardless.  but a guy?  you can't step out of the narrow box you've been provided, because if you do you aren't putting in the effort.  you have to work to fit this stereotype, otherwise you've lost your value, your masculinity.  you'll be incessantly mocked unless you can gain a shred of it back by being stoic.  not caring.  but then your fitting the stereotype again, so you haven't actually changed anything.   you have to be able to fix things, you have to be able to take a bullet for your woman. even if she'd never do the same for you.  pay for every meal, because she deserves it.  not because you want to.  the whole idea is toxic.
t3_303kxo-t1_cpp2e3e-cqc9tmn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.652	not according to the oncologist/breast specialist i was recommended to see.  having a mother die of ovarian cancer, her sister with breast cancer and a grandfather with prostate cancer (throw in brain cancer as well) and they plugged all that in to some program and came back that i had a high enough chance of contracting breast cancer to suggest i see a specialist once a year and get 2 "hands on" breast exams a year.  i assume that the oncologists as washington university school of medicine know what they're talking about.
t3_1ov8li-t3_1ov8li-ccwgodg	breast_cancer	relevant	0.676	i've been reading your blog since the month my sister died, july 2011. at that time, i desperately needed to read/hear the voice of someone who in some way lived what she lived. to share a brief bit before getting to my question, my sister was 27 when diagnosed with breast cancer in 2002 and was, at the time, the youngest person our local doctors had ever treated for bc. she went through chemo, a lumpectomy, and was deemed "cancer free" about a year later. after that, she took tamoxifen for 5 years, thought she was "cured" and went on living, and tried desperately to forget cancer was ever a part of her/our lives. in february 2011, she was diagnosed with both ovarian cancer (iiic) and uterine sarcoma (ia). her doctor at the time remarked that it was probably the tamoxifen that had caused these new cancers. she underwent a complete hysterectomy with debulking and afterwards, they treated the ovarian cancer first with chemo. in april, she was told they could find no evidence of disease (ned). by july, that ned turned into "masses too numerous to count" in her liver, lymph nodes and pelvic bone-- the uterine sarcoma had spread fiercely. she passed away from liver failure 3 days after that scan, leaving behind a 4 year old son. all of that is to ask you, what do you think of the use of tamoxifen, which is known to increase the probability of reproductive cancers? it sounds like you weren't treated with it, but i know many have. i know science is doing the best it can with the tools it has, but damn it if i don't feel more than a bit bitter that science may have caused the cancer that ultimately took my sister.   i too struggle with pinktober and have difficulty going in to any stores during october. i think we can all agree that awareness has been raised and now it is time to eradicate this disease, once and for all. the pinking and messaging also has an overt sexualization, which should really bother everyone. the tagline "save the boobies/tatas" certainly sets up a dichotomy between the woman (or man!) and her parts. sadly, in my sister's case, they were able to save her "boobies", but weren't able to save her life. i now try to crusade for giving money to organizations that actually fund research, and to stop the madness of all these pink walks and pink products. i also have signed up for numerous medical studies so that doctors can study what hereditary factors may have led to my sister's cancer at such a young age.  thank you for all that you do everyday. i still follow your blog religiously as a lurker, and i value your humor, humility and insights.
t3_1imkty-t1_cb5zbfw-cb5zjer	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6812	i had er+ breast cancer too! i can never be on hormonal birth control, hrt or any other kind of synthetic estrogen again. in fact, i was put into chemical menopause with chemotherapy and tamoxifen and will remain there for 10 years to maximize my odds of disease-free survival.
t3_1657gi-t1_c7sxjqv-c7szi0f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had to upsell a lot of breast cancer awareness and pink colored products at my work this past october. nothing really went towards helping anyone with cancer, it was all for awareness. really sucked because i was a brand new employee hired at the beginning of the month and had to spend my entire first month of my job trying to get people to buy stuff that i didn't personally support and that wouldn't actually be helping any person or any cause. felt sorry for a lot of people who bought things and felt like they helped. they didn't and i felt like i sold my soul for a job
t3_1tcsd8-t1_ce6rqkk-ce6tjdn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think a lot of people are not aware of their family history, potential genetic risk, or proper screening procedures. for example i had no idea that breast cancer caused by genetic mutation is very common in askenazi women. i'm askenazi so... not knowing that was kind of a problem. but i didn't learn that from a breast cancer awareness ad! i learned it from a news article about the rise in genetic testing in israel.
t3_399ip4-t1_cs2ct8g-cs2pw4a	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the reply. i've also had really tough depression and while i hate to admit it. i did make plans to kill myself. i slowly got over it but it took time. unfortunately she already knows how it can end, she's seen it happen to more than one friend 😢   i hope you have kicked depressions butt. a family friend had a year of fighting breast cancer, followed by a year of anxiety and depression, she has told me if she had to do one of them again she would rather have cancer again. i think that speaks volumes on just how bad it can be.
t3_3xotzn-t1_cy7uv8j-cy7w42u	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5829	because i am deemed as 'moderate risk' my screenings start at 40. if i was 'high risk' it would be now (at 25).   the nhs used to be good, but then the government we had previously and the present one have made that many cuts to it that it is struggling which then impacts on the public.  i do dislike however the rigid guidelines they follow in terms of diagnosis and treatment. thanks to those guidelines, it took years to get a laparoscopy. also, the first doctor i saw about my breast cancer history was not even going to refer me to the specialist to discuss my risk. they phoned me 2 days later apologising because they were wrong. but it is scary that i may have never been referred!
t3_2b7pej-t3_2b7pej-cj2tv99	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	regardless of personality changes, you should absolutely get her spayed. my boyfriend has an adorable female dog that he would have liked to breed at one point. it never ended up happening, and then when she was eleven years old she developed a serious uterine infection called pyometria. she had to have an emergency ovariohysterectomy and she almost died. our vet said the more cycles they go through, the more likely they are to contract this infection. in addition to this surgery, a year later she was diagnosed with a rare type of breast cancer which is suspected to be related to the late-in-life spay. chances are, had she been spayed much younger, we would have avoided at least one surgery (unilateral mastectomy) if not both.
t3_2xg46r-t1_cozuwqy-cozvjzh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	androcur dosage vary greatly depending on your endo. it used to be 75-100-200 mg/day the standard dosage but in my area they used low dose (starting with 25 mg/day) and increase to 50-75 if t levels are too high (75 are barely needed, 25-50 mg are the most common ones). from your concern about libido, i would first ask endo to cut levels to 50 mg and check t levels 3 month after. with lowered dosage, your libido may come back.  triptorelyn is used primarily as puberty blocker. it is also used in prostate cancer (as is androcur and finasterid), as well as (sorry, don't find the  term) induced pregnancy to control the exact time the women will ovulate. it is also used in endometriosis and pre-operation treatment of uterine fibroids in afab people.  basically, it cut the retroactive loop of testosterone/oestradiol-&gt;gnrh-&gt;lsh/fh by overloading the hypothalamus with gnrh analog (the drug) and stop it producing lsh/fh hormones responsible of t/e2 production by the gonads (yes, it is as effective with amab than afab).  for your doctor, i know it's not widely used by trans' people but neither androcur, finasterid or spironolactone have been tested for us, it's always a diverted usage of their t-blocker capacity.  the bad part is it's barely covered by insurance and cost a lot, thus my advise to first cut androcur dosage if your only concern is libido. i spend 140 euros (157 dollars) each 4 weeks for it and you will need a nurse to inject it to you (deep intra-muscular injection, cannot do it yourself and too dangerous to let someone untrained do it).  why did i prefer it to androcur ? because androcur scares the hell out of me. the second reason is i was not sure if i would do srs or not and androcur isn't suited for long-term usage. finally, libido was a big plus. and it completely cut off my t production (last test 0.80 nmol/l) :).  [edit] concerning libido, i forgot to mention i'm on 2mg of e and 100mg of progesterone per day. progesterone is important for libido (main libido stimulator for women). again, before switching drugs, you should try progesterone. my endo was sceptic but agreed because it isn't dangerous.  plus, it is a great mood regulator (used if there's a feeling of depression, sometimes it's it's enough) and it's good for hairs, skin, nails, ... :d. however, it's effect on breast developpement are controversial (some says it helped a lot and reduce risk of tubular breast developement and some have reported a shrinkage).
t3_2657z7-t1_cho0is0-chugy5q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the advice! i was super nervous my first day, but i tried not to show it. my first case was a lumpectomy and my preceptor let me set everything up for the case, which for my first  day i was surprised she let me do that much. she then proceeded to tell me "okay you're going to be scrub 1". it was an awesome first experience!
t3_1e3m6p-t3_1e3m6p-c9wrsfz	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have inflammatory breast cancer. it is a rare one. it is aggressive and fast growing. treatment for my cancer begins within hours or a day of diagnosis. breast cancer isn't graded like other cancers. we use one called the nottingham. same concept though. my cancer was a nine of nine.   if i were in your position, i'd get an appointment with the on-call doc.  i'm in the minority, but i believe treatment should begin immediately on diagnosis. cancer grows exponentially. one cell becomes two, two become four, four become 16, 5 become 125, etc. the larger the tumor burden, the more risk there is of mets, intrusion into adjoining tissue, more chemo, radiation, more drastic surgery, etc.   some cancers are slow-growing, like some prostate cancers, others, like your fathers, has already been determined to be high-grade. so what is the purpose in waiting other than allowing more cancer to grow?  gl.
t3_1rcf5-t3_1rcf5-c1retk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.669	go* dammit. my wife went through breast cancer this year, type iv b metastatic cancer. about as bad as you can get without being totally screwed. about 50% survival rate at 5 years.   you would be amazed at the shit people would say. get alternative treatment, go macrobiotic, cancer doesnt kill you chemo kills you. dr lorraine day quackery (do a google that crap is amazing) ..   it was hard not to say, hey go ahead, when you get cancer, eat green leafy vegetables and do yoga.. my wife is getting treatment. id just smile and patiently nod. and she would go on with treatment, i would give daily foot rubs, run out for chocolate or whatever, go see movies, etc.   treatment sucks, but it works, her tumor was large and every day you could feel it shrinking away. yep her hair fell out,  she looked like hell.. but the honestly the best thing to do is keep your crap together, keep as upbeat as you possibly cam, have a laugh about the crappy situation and keep on truckin. the people that die quickly are the ones that go immediately to the oxycontin and just wish to be dead.   personally one of the best things in this case was to be canadian. this course of treatment including free breast reconstruction will cost about $250,000.  also ladies out there, check them, or have someone else check them, and get that mammogram. no excuses, just do it, my wife is 40 and it statistically wasnt supposed to happen to her.. play it safe.  its been a year but i am not under the delusion that we are out of the woods. statistics are statistics.
t3_1ubarb-t3_1ubarb-cegi60f	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	dr. martha moulton at brookfield family medicine right off federal rd in brookfield is the bomb.  i'm 43 and i get stickers and hugs and amazing care from the whole practice.  i just had a breast cancer scare and she called me twice to make sure i wasn't on the ledge and then called me herself at like 6:30 in the morning when the results came back benign.  she is, quite literally, the best doctor i've ever had.  she will sit with you as long as it takes and even puts up with me pulling my phone out and reading lists to her!
t3_1xo9kx-t1_cfdas6o-cfde0er	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6777	i totally agree.  i found i had breast cancer with a routine mammogram.  no lump yet.  would i have died if they found it later via lump, most probably no.  but i needed only 1 surgery,  no reconstructive surgery as the cancer was not that big.  i only needed radiation and no chemo.   and that impacted my live, my work etc.  and that was all i needed.  in my support group when i talked to woman that found their cancer later, i feel lucky when i hear their multiple surgeries, rounds of chemo etc.  my whole ordeal was 3 months, some of them talk about a year or more of treatments.  mine was hell as it was, so please give my early detection and "easier" quicker recovery and treatment.  as my doctor said when i was diagnosed " you are lucky because for you it is only going to be a little bump in the road, unlike others that need to climb a mountain to recovery"  ps there are no cancer in my family history, i did not feel a lump, or any other side effects and i am in my early 40's.
t3_300mmq-t3_300mmq-cpofqo3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm glad you are better!!  i *totally* understand what you went through.  i am so sorry your mother was so _______ (many words come to mind, most are not nice) to you.  i went through something similar, but was much older than you -- having to deal with my health &amp; an "n".  the "n" in my life was my nmil (now ex- -- as her son, my nex, are now divorced).  i had been diagnosed with breast cancer a number of years ago. thankfully, no chemo, but i had to go through 2 rounds of surgery, and 7 weeks of radiation. my nmil had something similar 10 years earlier. *however* though i was much younger than her when i was diagnosed and treated -- i did ***not*** do well with either the surgery or the radiation. it seems my body does not like anesthesia -- and all the radiation treatments (not only killed the cancer, but my brain cells to boot -- people often talk about "chemo brain", there is also "radiation brain"). my oncologist told me that i would start to feel tired towards the end of treatment -- but otherwise, i should be fine. ahem … since my body decided it didn't like any of this stuff -- i started to feel exhausted before the end of the 2nd week of treatment. i drove myself to every treatment -- in rush hour traffic -- once my exhaustion was so bad, i nearly fell asleep (passed out on the way home). however, because my then-husband was an n, as was my nmil -- how ***i*** felt was of no consequence. i would have screaming fights with my then-husband because he said his mother didn't have "these problems, issues" why should i? i was much younger? the fights would stop because i got so exhausted, i would have to lie down. my nh then proceeded to mimic exactly what his mother said, refusing to acknowledge how his wife looked/felt. at one point, my nmil/nfil actually said to my face: 1) if your cancer is so bad, then they *should* have also given you chemo; 2) you can't possibly be *that* tired … you're faking it so you don't have to look for a job and go back to work.  i am so thankful i was also going to a cancer support group at the time because otherwise in addition to treatment/recovery -- i would've also thought i was going insane.  an aside: oh, when i was going through treatment is also when i realized my mil was an "n".  i was reading a fiction book describing a narcissistic character (although it was a man, and much younger) -- otherwise the description fit my nmil to a "t".  so i had *that* realization to deal with, along with everything else.  *hugs to you … i hope all is much better now*  edit:  grammar
t3_1wp6w3-t3_1wp6w3-cf47nti	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	honestly, i would try to figure out why you seem to be focusing on your perceived breast perkiness as the pinnacle of your sexuality and worth of your self esteem. why the obsession?  i know a lot of people are going to say it's fine to be proud of your body, and normal to be upset if your looks change, but i read this and my first thought is that you'd probably not want to live anymore if you got breast cancer and had to have a mastectomy.  you lost weight, and they drooped a bit. it happens. it happens as you age, it will absolutely happen if you have kids. you can't let yourself tie up your entire self-image in something so temporary and shallow. everyone changes as they get older, it's part of life, learn to embrace it :)
t3_1r548p-t3_1r548p-cdkisx0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	op here with an update. the tests came back negative! turns out my boob muscles are just really lumpy, but it shows up on ultrasounds as suspicious. the biopsy was negative so it looks like i'm in the clear. i have a family history of breast cancer so i was really torn up for a while, so sure it was going to get me too. it's scary to think that my own body would turn poisonous against me. it puts a lot in perspective, and for the first time in a long fight against depression, i realized i didn't want to die. for everyone that gave words of support, thank you so much. for everyone going through cancer treatment themselves, i wish you all the best, you guys are superheroes. people think reddit is only trolls but this thread says otherwise. y'all are awesome. and remember to perform monthly self exams!
t3_xc78q-t1_c5licwr-c5liqsc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ovarian cancer when it develops after menopause, lacks any genetic component.  i'm sure you can locate relevant supportive research at google scholar.  but good news for you, is you don't sound "high risk" particularly since this is your grandmother's post menopausal cancer and not your mother's - or even worse, your sister's.    for ovarian screening i saw my doctor every 6 months for a rotating screening of either a normal, run-of-the-mill pelvic exam where the doctor palpated my ovaries or an ultrasound examination the ovaries for any masses.  the side benefit of this was we also tracked my fibroid tumors (non-cancerous very common uterine tumors - i think the majority of western women have one or more bey age 35 or so).  i had really good insurance and my doctor was smart at figuring out how to sell it and/or bill it. i have no idea what would happen in the uk insurance wise (although i am sure both types of screening are available there, it's hardly high-tech) however- due to the information you've supplied, i'd doubt you are a candidate for aggressive screening given your relatively low risk.  i have never had breast cancer myself (and mom had it only post-menopausal) so i'm at low risk according to what we know about the genetic causes of breast cancer. still, i get those puppies checked every year with a digital mammogram and hope for the best.    i can't imagine having my breasts removed and "reconstructed" as you suggest you'd like to do.  i'm not at sufficient level of risk to warrant it and from the little information you've provided in the above post, it wouldn't seem you are either.
t3_42a7in-t1_cz9bp2w-cz9cgk4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7148	i get what you're saying.  in hindsight it does seem unusual but i didn't really think much about it because i did lose noticeable weight elsewhere: the stomach, hips, thighs, face, neck/collar area, and obviously the breasts.  in fact, i lost enough volume from my breasts that they were sagging, thereby pulling the skin against the actual breast tissue that had been hiding under globs of fat.  i had a breast cancer scare because i noticed visible lumps below the skin.  after seeing a doctor and getting an ultrasound, turns out it's just normal dense breast tissue.  i've actually lost around 70 pounds from my heaviest, but didn't get formally sized for bras until i had already lost 20, hence the reference to a 50 pound weight loss.  at my heaviest i was probably a size 18 at the hips, size 16 around the waist.  now i've found pants that fit my body shape and wear size 10 or 12, depending on the brand.  so, i carried quite a bit of weight around the lower abdomen  it's also possible that i was simply wearing the wrong size bra even after getting fitted at a speciality bra shop.  maybe i should have been a 36f or 36g, but i always felt the 36f/g bras did not provide enough support and the breasts would slip out from the bottom.
t3_2v37ke-t1_coe9zgs-coekzcw	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she told me and her kids she had  breast cancer (2 weeks later a brain tumor appeared supposedly as well) after we separated as a way to keep me manipulated. i had several discussions with one of her close friends who believed her and by the end we both knew she was lying. she said she was doing chemo but magically kept her hair and never needed to be given a ride. never got sick or took any meds in front of anyone. it was painfully obvious by the end of that conversation we had all been duped.
t3_1c9hfh-t1_c9edh5s-c9ediim	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	from wiki:  &gt;"in the 2009-2010 fiscal year, ending march 31, 2010, komen reported approximately us $400 million in earnings. of this, $365 million (91.3 percent) came from contributions from the public, including donations, sponsorships, race entry fees, and contributed goods and services. approximately $35 million (8.8 percent) came from interest and dividends and gains on investments.[28] that same fiscal year, komen reported approximately us $360 million in expenses. $283.2 million of this went towards program services: $75.4 million (20.9 percent of total expenditure) went to research, $140.8 million (39.1 percent) went to public health education, $46.9 million (13 percent) went to health screening services, and $20.1 million (5.6 percent) went to treatment services. the other $76.8 million went to supporting services, including $36.1 million (10 percent of total expenditure) toward fund-raising costs and $40.6 million (11.3 percent) toward general and administrative costs.[28] the komen ceo salary in 2010 was $459,406 a year.[29] komen paid founder and ceo nancy brinker $417,712 in 2011.[30]"  that's 89% breast cancer related.  also, "awareness" does include marathons, ribbons, etc.   i'm not trying to stand up for her or anything, just dont wan't to hate without some actual facts...
t3_3pykjz-t3_3pykjz-cwajldm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	# download scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9) full episode hd | hd rip download torrent butler  &gt;instrusctions to download/watch [scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)](http://imgur.com/blp0v33):  &gt;1. open following link  &gt;2. find the link below the image  &gt;3. click on that link  &gt;4. enjoy [scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)](http://imgur.com/blp0v33)  *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and download *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ *** *** ## ██ ↘ ⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱⟱ ## ██ ➤➜ [__click here and watch *scream: the tv series - the dance (s1, ep9)*__](http://imgur.com/blp0v33) ## ██ ↗ ⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰⟰ ***  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  our continuous community support is primarily due to the smaller non-profit charitable organizations in the area. in addition to a high school scholarship, an angel fund, volunteerism and donations are made to various organizations including, but not limited to: eagles and stampede | oct. breast cancer awareness month by wearing pink the junior women’s club of mentor is a non-profit, non-denominational volunteer organization. united by the desire to create change and contribute to community improvement through volunteerism. time: 7:00 pm social and committee meetings general meeting begins at 7:30 pm anyone interested in attending a meeting is welcome to attend our meetings. the women of the jwcm volunteer their time and resources compassionately and selflessly requesting only the support of the members of the community to help us do our work by attending our events, donating cash awards and gifts for our raffles. bella thorne was born in pembroke pines, florida, to tamara (beckett) and delancey reinaldo rey thorne. at the age of six weeks old, bella shot her first. the mustangs are proud to be ogden s first and only junior a hockey team. in addition, the jwcm values the safety of our children and has sponsored the mentor safety town for the past 25 years in partnership with the mentor fire and police departments. 2015/2016 general meeting schedule: whitefish wolverines october 24 2015 ogden mustangs click here for a list of our generous 2015 donors. whitefish wolverines october 23 2015 ogden mustangs whitefish wolverines october 25 2015 ogden mustangs once signed up with rogers cable, register your account with rogers anyplace tv to gain once signed up with rogers cable, register your account with rogers anyplace tv to gain.  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .
t3_1ysz53-t3_1ysz53-cfnn0wx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.756	seriously! this!   my mother just got diagnosed with stage 2 breast cancer and medical bills have been piling up for my wife and me.   yesterday we had the day off together and we cleaned apartment from top to bottom , did some grocery shopping and some other things.   afterwards we felt better than we have in about two weeks. it also reignited our sex life.
t3_3mx7lc-t1_cviyucu-cvizf4e	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	god wouldn't it be nice if they sent us home with dilaudid?! that stuff is amazing! i'm sorry about your cancer. it definitely changes your perspective on things. as far as the ivf went...insurance didn't cover it (i live in the u.s) so my husband and i paid 100% out of pocket. we did set up a gofundme to offset the costs though. if i could do it all over, i'd do the ivf again in a heart beat. it's a lot of work (husband gave me shots twice a day and had daily blood draws to check levels) but with my chemo there's a chance my ovaries won't turn back on( my chemo sent me into a temporary menopause...so i feel your pain....it's a bitch) but kids are something both my husband and i want one day so i'm glad i did it.   as far as the doctors go....i've lucked out. i loved my oncologist and my surgeon....my plastic surgeon is a bit full of himself but that's what you want in a plastic surgeon...someone who brags about awesome his work is. ;)  my friends and family have been so supportive. we had parties every time i went in for chemo and they were there when i got out of surgery. it makes this whole awful process a bit more manageable when people are there to support you. i also joined a group of 6 women that call each other our breast friends...it's sometimes nicer to vent to someone who's been there.   i had no history of breast cancer in my family, yet i tested positive for the brca2 mutation....which also means...as soon as i'm done having kids...all that stuff down there is coming out too because ovarian cancer is prominent with this mutation as well. another plus is since i did freeze my eggs,i can test them for that mutation. i don't want my future kids to have to suffer through this.  if you do decide to go with ivf, ask your doctor if they participate in the heartbeat program. it's a discount program for those dealing with cancer....is still pricey...but anything helps.  hope that answered some of your questions...feel free to ask more or vent ect!
t3_2s4060-t1_cnmkik8-cnmmez0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5011	i'm on mobile rn about to see the endocrinologist about this again hahah. if i haven't commented/edited in like five hours pm me and bug me about it.  edit:  thought i had breast cancer (i'm a dude) cuz i found a lump in my tissue and it was pretty hard. also regularly incredibly tired, not able to sleep more than four hours at a time (basically for a year my schedule was sleep four hrs at night, sleep four hrs after work). i found the lump in… february? but i was too afraid to do anything about it til i was talking to a friend who had had cancer (different kind) and said my symptoms were alarming. saw a doctor in spain (where i was working) and he was basically like "lol ur 2 young, faggot" (in so many [more professional] words).  my mom called her oncologist since she had had (a different kind of) cancer, as well. she immediately said *get him home. now*. now this was late june, like maybe in the teens of the month of june.  my flight back to the states a week later, i start a battery of tests. all in all it took about a month of bloodwork, physical exams, radiography, you name it. the results were negative, though my thyroid was low. i came to a specialist who works in the same building as my gp and she was fucking great (just saw her a few hrs ago, actually!). she was like *hokay you should* **way** *not be this tired if you're only 24, even with your thyroid being out of wack. full bloodwork, nicca!* (again, more professionally spoken)  get my bloodwork done (like 12 vials worth of blood) and turns out my pituitary, testosterone, and thyroid are pretty low, the first two being extremely (like 1/5 the amount they should be) low. calls me up: *secaedelcielo, you may have a nodule in your pituitary gland in your brain. don't worry about it, but i'm sending you for an mri.* i did that and…  what do you know it: 4mm brain tumor on the left side of my pituitary gland (4mm x 2mm to be more exact, as i learned today). just enough to do ~~some dank memes~~ serious work on my pituitary gland's function. soooo right now i'm on so many pills it's ridiculous. i have a pill to stimulate pituitary (which will hopefully shrink the nodule), a pill for thyroid (which has increased my ability to sleepy amazingly), a pill for sweat (because sweet baby jesucristo do i sweat like a motherfucker), and as of today i'm on *x-treme^^tm* vitamin-d supplements (50,000 iu/wk). doing more bloodwork on saturday to see if the pill i've been taking for the pituitary is affecting my testosterone positively. if it's not, then i'm going to be put on testosterone, which would be cool since i can hardly grow facial hair as things are lol.  so yup. any further questions i could keep responding. if people actually care enough, i could do an ama.
t3_3j7t2d-t1_cumzszx-cun9tl7	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5258	i'm in the medical profession and the vast majority of this thread has been fairly ignorant and far fetched. i am choosing to respond to your post in particular though because i think it exemplifies the current attitudes of a lot of patients in the west as well as the remark about testicles.   more and more people want treatments that is quick, effective and does not cause discomfort. unfortunately the reality is often different. the reason that your boobs have to be squished in a vice-like device every year is simply because it is the most cost-effective way (both in terms of monetary cost and potential negative effects to you) to try and see an abnormal growth in breast tissue. if the breasts are small and dense, an ultrasound is the preferred technique but is not sensitive enough for the majority of women. mris are way too expensive with very long waiting lists to accommodate the large volume of patients needing breast check-ups and they don't do more than a mammogram in reducing breast cancer deaths. same with ct scans with the added affect of very high doses of radiation which will add up over the years.   trust me when i tell you that the small discomfort of an annual mammography can spear you the horror that is treatment of an advanced cancer and ultimately save your life. that is pretty damn good and in no way barbaric. unfortunately medical technology isn't magic and some concessions regarding patient comfort have to be made in order to have a diagnostically valid test. and mammograms are way down on the list regarding uncomfortable medical tests.   with regards to your second point, i will talk about prostate cancer rather than testicular simply due to the fact that it is much more prevalent and it a very significant killer in men. also testicular cancer is quite rare thus removing the need for screening populations for it and testicles are small compared to breasts so it is easier to feel and see.  prostate cancer on the other hand is very common. rectal exams should be undertaken regularly just as mammograms and whilst uncomfortable, they are thankfully quick. what isn't is a trans-rectal ultrasound and biopsy if anything is found. this involves sticking an elongated object of a not at all insignificant diameter in a rectum and shoving needles into the prostate through said rectum at least 9-10 times for a good sample. also, prostate cancer has received much less funding in reaserch than breast cancer which translates into less targeted treatments, worst outcomes and complications. so mammograms don't exist just because nobody cares about women. on the contrary.  what i am trying to say is that to my mind it is absurd that people are classifying fairly routine medical exams which might be at worst quite uncomfortable (i also count colonoscopies and gastroscopies amidst these) as barbaric and complain about them when they have to potential to prevent so much suffering and death. i say this because i have seen very advanced cases of breast cancer and of colon cancer and that is something that i would not wish on my worst enemy. we are truly lucky to have the technology that we do and we should appreciate it instead of moan about it.
t3_1owd6p-t1_ccwb95v-ccwojih	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	because for me, finding a cure for prostate cancer is as important as finding a cure for breast cancer, lung cancer, bladder cancer, kidney cancer, pancreatic cancer etc. i'll happily donate to any and all of these charities to help ease the pain that sufferers of these diseases endure.  with that said, breast cancer is marketed because it affects woman. i have yet to see an breast cancer charity advertisement with a man's face. every advertisement tries to make us feel guilty by reminding us that our mothers, daughters, sisters and wives can die from breast cancer, but you don't see advertisements saying that our brothers, fathers, sons and husbands will definitely suffer and can die from prostate cancer towards the end of their lives.  i'm going to link the same website talking about crude mortality rates in the uk regarding breast and prostate, i'm not an expert so i could be misreading the articles, but here goes nothing.  http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-info/cancerstats/types/breast/mortality/ http://www.cancerresearchuk.org/cancer-info/cancerstats/types/prostate/mortality/  the first article tells us that in 2010 (based on the crude mortality rate) there were around 37 breast cancer deaths for every 100,000 women in the uk.  similarly, the second article tells us that in 2010 (based on the crude mortality rate) there are around 35 prostate cancer deaths for every 100,000 men in the uk.  as you can see, based on this website, female deaths from breast cancer is comparable to male deaths from prostate cancer, yet according to [this](http://katatrepsis.com/2012/10/30/why-does-breast-cancer-research-receive-more-research-funding-than-prostate-cancer/) breast cancer receives 1.75 times the amount of funding from the federal government than prostate cancer. the only difference, as stated in that last article, is that breast cancer kills younger women, whereas prostate cancer kills older men. to me, it still doesn't mean that breast cancer deserves 1.75 times the federal funding and god knows how much more in advertising than any other type of cancer.
t3_3k2z96-t1_cuue0w1-cuugslj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi. five of thirteen, tertiary adjunct of hive unimatrix 512-c here. we've had a lot of fun assimilating your various intelligent species over the years but we just wanted to take a moment to deliver a serious message. the borg may assimilate, but we try not to kill. unlike breast cancer, which claims the lives of millions each of your terran years. please consider donating to the fight against breast cancer today. every dollar brings you closer to a cure. remember, resistance is not futile. thank you.
t3_3mensp-t1_cvewafi-cvfhagp	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so what you uploaded basically says you have 2 choices in which you will be randomly placed: cisplatin and radiation only or cisplatin, radiation and the added carbo and paclitaxel (also known as taxol, which is commonly used for breast cancer). all of these are considered "standard of care drugs". its a phase 3 which basically means the trial is almost "complete" because usually the next step is confirmation that (what i am assuming) "yes, cisplatin and radiation in combination of carbo and taxol helps destroy cancer for gastrourinary cancer."  the next bit of your paper basically tells you what you have to have to qualify for the study. most studies where you receive any sort of drug (infusion or po, which means by mouth) there are very strict guidelines. this is why it starts quoting test result ranges and has a description of what type (as in mutation, etc) of cancer you have. then you have an exclusion criteria where it tells you what you can't have like if you have already been through 3 lines of chemo or if you have other diseases etc.  let's say you decide you want to get on the trial. great! you now get to read the informed consent. this tells you everything and its written in "legal-ese"  so make sure you ask your doctor to explain anything you don't understand. it will lay out what you will be going through: treatment schedules, lab tests, time requirements, tissue and blood samples and what they will do with these samples etc. then you get to go through screening. this means ekgs, mugas, cts, lots and lots of blood drawn. if you pass screening (meaning you meet the inclusion and exclusion criteria), you start!  if treatment is very regular, talk to your doctor about a port. its a small surgery that makes infusions easier. like i explained earlier, its a direct line and you don't always have to get an iv. save your veins if you can! i would also look into support groups, especially if you are on your own during this. also, at my cancer center, we have a woman who works with patient's who are going through a hard time.. there are drug programs, homes for patients who don't have anywhere to go, free transportation (i would even ask your research coordinator about this; sometimes trial will have travel compensation in the form of gift cards!).  i hope i explained the paper to you well. if you can figure out the trial name (usually it has the sponsor's name in it and then a bunch of numbers), i can look more into it at work monday (especially if its open at my site!) and answer more questions. let me know if you need any support or have anything else i can help with :)
t3_2qxkve-t1_cnagool-cnakx8i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that makes sense as to what i had thought. not specifically about breast cancer since it mostly seen in females and the data is for both male and females. it does make sense though.
t3_3122lp-t3_3122lp-cq5vwn2	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7572	best wishes &amp; thank you  howdy chris,   your podcast helped me when i was at my lowest and continues to be therapeutic, entertaining, informative and fun.   i learned that i had invasive, node positive breast cancer in 2012, &amp; while the cancer is in remission, the treatment side effects made me extremely ill. for nearly two years i was mostly bedridden, unable to read or even watch tv. during this time, the nerdist podcast gave quality to my life.    i discovered your podcast due to your interviews with neil degrasse tyson. once i heard the ‘crossover’ podcast, (i believe you were on startalk &amp; neil was on nerdist and if i remember correctly, the ‘boys’ didn't have much to say during that that interview—you carried it :-)  anyway, that is when i started listening  to the nerdist from the beginning.    i am in my early 50s (or as i like to say, mid-century modern +), but we have a lot common in the categories of taste, ‘nerdiness', (i used to be teased for having a crush on carl sagan, maybe you did too!) and values.   when i use the term values, among other things,  i mean the benefits of the communal win-win situation that occurs when  you a give of yourself and help others. humor, listening, and wisdom are great vehicles, but i admit laughter is my favorite. oddly enough, the cancer was one of the best times for me to be utilize these vehicles.  nothing like having fun with those unsung heroes who have to perform painful, unpleasant tasks. or spending time, often with patients who were dealing with a much worse situation.    i was also an educator in a previous life. (animation, design, multimedia, web, programming...)  teaching  gave me the opportunity to be of service as well. when everything goes right, we all work hard, have fun, there is great synergy, the students have come "out of their shells", made connections &amp; friendships, leave with tangible skills, but understand that life is a continual learning process (all about evolution), which brings me back to you.   the evolution of your podcast--a few friends, reinventing themselves, making a place to manifest their talent and creativity, to witnessing everyone’s growth, blossoming &amp; success, to currently your new project -  helping others do something similar on various scales, (small community board, to offering classes) has been an joyous, inspirational journey for me and i’m sure countless others. the silliness, humility and grace you all do it with is truly commendable. (don't let all these compliments go to your head &amp; ruin it now!)  fortunately, my condition has started to improve. i've been able to watch some of the nerdist videos. i finally saw all of your faces! you, mat, jona, and more recently katie. i am a huge fan of @ midnight, and of course you have some of my favorite folks on celebrity bowling. loved one of the older youtube clips of when you, neil, and i forget which other panelists were talking about the safest redundant backup techniques. from 2002-2008, my husband and i ran a  company where our software was mission critical to a lot of fortune 100 companies - aerospace, military, medical,etc. we made weekly cd back-ups that were taken to our bank's safe deposit box as well as used an out-of-state software escrow company.    i go back for more surgery 4/14/15. hopefully, the ‘auto-destruct sequence’ can be terminated before i am terminated! speaking of the inevitable, i am sorry for the  loss of your father. i was relieved  that the first anniversary was ok for you. my mother died of als in mid-december, just 5 days after her 57th birthday. sad and scary as it all was, she had a happy last two years. her house was always filled with friends and house-guests. it wasn't easy at first, but now i always hear her voice and laughter in my head. i hope inner smiles is what fills you now.       hope you have time to read this ! again, i’m grateful that i am able to thank you and wish you the very best.   andy
t3_3ijbuw-t3_3ijbuw-cuh1ykp	breast_cancer	relevant	0.739	i'm glad you got the all clear, and i'm glad you are being proactive and getting screened. i have a cousin who got breast cancer in her early 20s, but her doctors refused to believe that such a thing was possible. they kept saying that the lump was just mastitis, but antibiotics did nothing for it. they finally did a biopsy to figure out what type of infection it was and surprise - no infection, just cancer. she's fine now after treatment, so it turned out ok in the end.  but please don't feel bad about advocating for your health - if she hadn't kept complaining about her lump she might not have had a good outcome.
t3_1ydt7s-t1_cfk9pq5-cfkgwee	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	lets keep in mind how the two function.  arimidex binds to the aromatase molecule and stops it from aiding in the conversion of test to estrogen.  nolva jams up estrogen receptors without producing a biological response.  with that said, with i go and [check drug interactions](http://reference.medscape.com/drug-interactionchecker), it says not to use them together.  &gt;tamoxifen + anastrozole tamoxifen decreases levels of anastrozole by unspecified interaction mechanism. serious - use alternative. anastrozole and tamoxifen should not be administered together.  and from [here](http://www.drugs.com/interactions-check.php?drug_list=2145-0,206-94):  &gt;ask your doctor before using tamoxifen together with anastrozole. using these medications together can make anastrozole less effective. it is important to tell your doctor about all other medications you use, including vitamins and herbs. do not stop using any medications without first talking to your doctor.  interestingly enough, found this too:  &gt;talk to your doctor before using tamoxifen with soy products. there is some evidence that substances present in soy may stimulate breast tumor growth and interfere with the action of tamoxifen, although this has not been proven. whether soy products are effective for hot flashes is also uncertain. it is important to tell your doctor about all other medications you use, including vitamins and herbs. do not stop using any medications without first talking to your doctor.
t3_2uaul5-t1_co6v2xv-co7efxa	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	oh, i know.  i had breast cancer (same year i had colon cancer, by random happenstance), and did five years of tamoxifen.  that meant five years of perimenopause.  finished that medication and went back to full cycles.  i am only three years or so into full menopause.  from what i can tell, and there is no one of the preceding generation to ask now, is that the women in the family begin menopause on the extreme late end of normal.  oh joy.
t3_1xd89u-t1_cfaaytw-cfaermv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow i don't know how i would react if someone tried to shame me for participating in movember. sure, my mustache looks silly, but the cause is important. both my grandfathers had prostate cancer, i have had 0 family members with breast cancer, in fact i only know one person personally who has breast cancer.   i just hate all forms of cancer really, and breast cancer gets loads of attention already.
t3_4y3r9f-t3_4y3r9f-d6l0j2m	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer 6 yrs ago. if you're not familiar with it, you should look it up. it's the most fatal type of bc, and can literally advance in an hour. and you get to watch it kill you.  when i saw the lowball prognosis of 4% survival rate, i knew i was going to die in a really, really horrible way - and soon. suffering from all the treatment - the year of chemo, surgeries, radiation.   about three weeks post-diagnosis, i decided, screw it. not gonna be afraid, not going to be sad. i'm going to die horribly, and soon, but there is *something to enjoy in every moment*. suppress sadness, embrace gratitude, find something about which you can be happy. if there's nothing much, find a way to help a person/people or animal. you're on the internet, give someone an encouraging word.  six years later, i live every day with the thought that all of the horror of treatment and disease can literally come back any minute. ibc is the most frequently-recurring cancer. but you know what, i don't give it one damned bit of attention. i have a funny silly dog on a couch, and there's a soft breeze coming in from the window. i'm learning c# and the fam is going on a fun vacation soon.   choose your interpretation. choose to find things to be happy about, right now.
t3_4y4ukh-t3_4y4ukh-d6l6172	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i went through something very similar in my early twenties too. i had a painful lump in my breast and was sure i had cancer. i felt it in october, which is breast cancer awareness month, so i (stupidly) thought it was a sign i had breast cancer. my gyno also said that pain was a good sign. she sent me for an ultrasound and confirmed that i have cystic breasts -  no cancer.   i took ibuprofen for the pain and it eventually went away on its own. the fact that my doctor was calm made me calm down. i know its hard, but try to focus on something else - read a book, play with your son, color, watch tv, anything that will take you mind off this.
t3_1431ek-t1_c79rk6w-c79sdp2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.799	my mom had breast cancer and this was the second go around. she was weaker this time and it was everywhere now. it was march and she made my aunt go buy my son a tricycle for easter. so it would be his first one he had. he loved it. she passed away before my birthday in april and on my birthday my aunt called me and said she had a gift for me. it was from my mom and it was gold angel earrings. she new she was dying and bought us those gifts to make sure we got them. can't write no more. i miss my mommy so much.
t3_1c8avq-t3_1c8avq-c9e5pv9	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was 34 years old when i was diagnosed with breast cancer. since i was so young my insurance refused to pay for a mammo and i called sgk asking for help. they also refused due to my age. it was five months by the time i could afford one out of pocket and by then my cancer spread to my lungs and liver. i called asking for help again...none. my oncologist told me to call the american cancer society and thwy have helped with prostetics and bras since i don't have the ability to take off for reconstruction surgery. sgk is a farce.
t3_2sq0f8-t3_2sq0f8-cns2s97	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5724	so sorry to hear about that, hope you and your family are doing alright.  most cancers these days can be treated fairly easily, by chemo/radio, surgery or other things methods, particularly if it i'd caught in its early stages. my mother got breast cancer last year, fortunately it was caught early and she had surgery, then radio- and chemotherapy, and now she's completely over it. do you mind me asking what type of cancer it is? i really hope they're able to treat him and that he gets well soon. just be strong, and cherish the time that you spend with him and pray for the best. we'll be thinking of you.    edit: that's really great that there's a high survival rate, hopefully it hasn't spread but i'm sure he'll be just fine. :)  i'm just after reading your edit and it's quite remarkable but your situation is strangely similar to mine. i was a similar age when my mother was diagnosed, and i had quite a tough time going through some important exams but i managed it in the end, just as i'm sure you will. i also have two younger siblings but it didn't seem to affect them in the same way it did me just because they were obviously less mature than i was and weren't able to properly grasp the whole concept of it.   it won't be an easy time but i'm sure you will make it :) feel free to send me a pm if ever you just want a chat or have any questions or anything. hope you're all doing well, do keep us updated if you can.   edit 2: words and stuff
t3_1g7zro-t3_1g7zro-cai6y72	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	hooray for doxxing!  yeah i got some fairly wild stories.  grew up in an anglican charismatic church around the time of the 'toronto blessing.' this basically meant i grew up with a sense that knowing god was about quiet times and ministry times at the end of a service- putting out your hands, closing your eyes and waiting for god's presence. i fervently believed in all the stuff, but still questioned some of the weirder behaviour.  10 years ago i was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 23. it was pretty nuts as no one in my extended family has had breast cancer (as you probably know it usually runs through the female side of the family.) the week before my diagnosis a friend sent me a postcard with this verse:  and the god of all grace, who called you to his eternal glory in christ, after you have suffered a little while, will himself restore you and make you strong, firm and steadfast. (1 peter5v10)  i pretty much clung to that throughout the treatment, and along the way some pretty mental stuff happened, literally. i had a reaction to the anti-sickness steroid drugs that i had to take for chemo (as it made me vomit for a week) and experienced hypo-mania in which i pretty much didn't sleep for a week, frantically scribbled down loads of creative ideas i had, and invented a new language/system for explaining theology. in fact, that's where the word 'shnooqi' comes from in my username as i needed a new vocabulary to explain what i was feeling. i literally lost track of time to the point where i couldn't work out whether i should be hungry for breakfast or dinner. everything was super intense and overwhelming, but a lot of the things i was trying out were an attempt to rebalance my mind/body/spirit. i invented a christian version of yoga ([praisemoves](http://praisemoves.com/) ain't got nuttin on me!) i couldn't focus on anything for much more than a couple of minutes. my mind was completely out of control and kept replaying events, memories, ideas over and over again. bible verses kept flying through my head.  i lost my inhibitions (almost!) completely at this point and it turned into full blown psychosis which lasted about 3 months. i believed that everything i saw was god speaking to me, as though i'd found the key to the matrix and could see the things he was speaking to the world. i believed i was some kind of prophet that god was using as a sign- i was leeloo from the fifth element (as i had a bright red wig at the time), i was amelie (riddles, clues, mischieviousness), i was trinity from the matrix (on a mission). at one point i thought god wanted me to wear a sari and walk backwards through the streets spreading gold leaf over the floor. (:s) (thankfully i didn't get to that point!)   in a weird way, it was kind of a fun experience for me (not so much for my friends and family who had no idea how long this would last). i felt 'euphoric' (and not in the sense that those athetits use the word!) and incredibly joyful. i felt incredibly close to god, really sure of him and certain that he was in control of every element of our lives. i felt like i got to explore my whole brain. i could rap! (wish i'd recorded it!!). i felt like god was showing me about the end of the world, about how revival would happen. the whole way through i was aware that something was very wrong with my mind, but also believed that god was using it to reveal truth to me. i went to a christian event in the uk where i basically ran laps around the place during the worship, waved flags whilst jumping about, even got to the point where i would run with my eyes closed through crowds to demonstrate my 'trust' in god! i also made a crown out of wire and rubbish to give to god during the worship, a gift of my brokenness to god.  and then i came down to earth with a bump. after the chemo came surgery, radiotherapy, more chemo, depression. i somehow had to get my head round all of the experiences and the things i'd believed. i started really questioning whether or not faith was just a kind of irrationality, whether in my everyday life i was just experiencing a milder version of psychosis that i named 'faith'. just before surgery was one of the darkest points, and i couldn't feel god's presence at all, i just felt empty and cold and alone. it was as though i completely saw things from the other side of the fence, experiencing unbelief. i felt like i'd lost myself in that experience too. i didn't like who i was apart from god.  and now, 10 years on? still trying to find my way through reconciling the charismatic movement with a healthy dose of skepticism which is grounded in having to go to work, cook dinner, pay the rent etc. i don't feel a sense of fear about cancer, which is pretty amazing. i think god probably has a hand in that. somehow i've never really felt that it had a hold or a claim on my life.   so yeah.
t3_1ch9s1-t3_1ch9s1-c9ha134	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7592	i am so sorry. my little tripod (13) is battling the same thing at the moment. we went through with the partial mastectomy 2 weeks ago... she hasn't even fully healed and we have already found another lump on the other side. it is so heartbreaking.my heart goes out to you and your girl porsche.  if you are having troubles with her licking at it too much and the cone is too stressful you could also try some gauze and self adhesive wrap with a little bit of neosporin to help keep away infection. this is what we are currently doing. part of tripods incision got infected and came open so we are putting neosporin on it and wrapping it with gauze, then self adhesive bandage wrap snuggly to keep it in place.
t3_dn9t0-t3_dn9t0-c11i8xh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6745	i had my mother die of breast cancer just over a year ago.  i had never cried since childhood before then and don't know if i'll ever cry so hard again.    i don't know if these apply to your situation but i hope they might help.  is her condition definitely terminal?  once my mom knew she had a very limited time left she stopped all of the chemo and certain medications that made her sick so she could live as coherently as possible in her last months.    money isn't the only way to help her.  what does she love?  what has she always wanted to do?  for a while when my mom was doing good we booked plane tickets to go to bali since they have some spiritual healing nonsense over there and she was an old hippie.  she never made it to bali but towards the end our family and some of her artsy friends got together and decorated her room with big paintings and decorations to make it look like she was on the beach in bali.  it wasn't much but it made her smile and let her know that we cared.  i'd also recommend staying away from homeopathic medicine.  i won't pretend to know everything about it but my mom being a big hippie and also doing everything she could to beat the cancer was taking all kinds of alternative medicine.  in the end they caused her liver to fail before the cancer ever got a hold of her.  cancer and depression can often go hand in hand.  it won't be easy but be strong for your mom.  cry with her but also try to change the subject.  make her laugh anyway you can.  the cheesier the better. not only will this make her life a little brighter but looking back these are somehow some of my favorite moments with my mom.    give her cancer a name.  for us my mom's cancer was named mable and mable was a little bitch we would talk shit about like it/she was the gossipy neighbor that always got in everyone's business instead of some terrible disease.    like i said, i don't know if these apply to your situation right now or if they ever will but maybe they might help.  i wish you and your family that absolute best.
t3_49dxxq-t1_d0r73ld-d0reup6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	shit, i've had pain sort of around my ovary that i chalked up to my iud/ovulation as well...but i had a pap about 3 months ago that was normal...but i have a history of breast cancer in my family...
t3_oro97-t1_c3jiiq9-c3jkve7	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom's breast cancer came back my senior year of high school.  she fought it for five years, far longer than anyone expected her to.  she was off and on chemo that entire time.  about one year ago, she decided to refuse chemo and she died in june.  while i'm glad she fought as long as she did, watching someone you love go through the endless cycle of chemo is horrible.  it prolongs their life, but it also fills their days with pain and painkillers, nausea, bleeding cuticles, and an assortment of other random terrible chemo side-effects.  it might prolong someone's life, but it also robs them of their health and happiness.  i hope your mom stays strong and healthy.  i hope you do to.  and i hope the op beats this thing for all of the people who couldn't.
t3_10zv75-t1_c6i60dq-c6i79c0	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8385	i don't really get what you're trying to say.  now it *is* about boobs.    at this point, there's no need to increase awareness. like you said, everyone knows some who has/had it.  we're taught in school to give ourselves breast exams. my ob-gyn and my pcp give me a breast exam and encourage me to do it myself. what else needs to be done?  what about prostate cancer?  it's more common than breast cancer and i rarely hear anything about it.   and maybe your mom or your friends' moms had breast cancer, but *my* mom has lung cancer (not from smoking).  i'd like to see someone give a shit about that.
t3_26ejmb-t1_chqirbq-chqiynn	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6071	maybe, but as a 25 year old male, i had a breast cancer scare that revolved around my use of soy. i switched to using soy from milk, trained for two years then flatlined athletically because my levels of estrogen shot above my testosterone, which had also dropped significantly.   for the last year i have been taking meds in order to fix all of that. so it isn't fun. i can't say for sure that it is what caused my problems, but it sure was highlited during extensive, and annoying bloodwork.  also, a lot of soy has twice the calcium of milk, which sounds great, but can also block a lot of amino acids/vitamin absorbtion which is totally counteractive too. and kidney stones.  so, at the very least, get your blood checked, find our what you need and be safe. fighting is a as much of a science sport as any. you want to be careful.  i didn't grow tits though. which i was expecting......  sorry for the typo's. i typed this quickly on my phone...
t3_4sdjs1-t1_d58gekw-d58gkto	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8019	absolutely... recently one of my young breast cancer patient got married. one year prior, she was diagnosed with breast cancer, and initially she was told she would have long scars, no nipples, and would be lucky to look good in clothes at all. we of course did a nipple sparing mastectomy and she has no visible scars. she sent our office her wedding photos of her in a strapless dress? how fabulous to allow this young woman to move on with her life, and sorry to be superficial, to be hot after having breast cancer!!!!
t3_m0eb3-t1_c2x3eol-c2x7jky	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7473	i am currently trying to find out if the 3 valiums i have are enough to kill me. i have 2 dogs and want to tell my friend to check on them; no one will miss me until i have to pick up my daughter at 4pm on sunday. if i don't show up she will try to reach me and my neighbor will check on me.  here is my problem. i found out i had depression about a year ago. i've been taking welbutrin 300 since then; it was helping somewhat, but i've gone through a lot in the past year. i went on disability for stress; after about 2 months out, i found out i needed to have my gallbladder out. so i had that surgery; then my foot needed surgery, so i had that. then in february of this year, i found out i had cancer. i had surgery for that; they took out two organs and some lymph nodes, and all seemed to be well. i found out at the same time that i had another cancer, after having a needle biopsy. i had to wait until after the surgery to deal with that; then i got pneumonia because of the first cancer surgery, so i had to wait, all the while thinking i had breast cancer too. but when they did a full biopsy, it turned out that there was no cancer, but i had precancerous cells in both breasts, meaning i have an 85% chance of getting breast cancer in my lifetime. i could now go back to the sales job i'd had for 26 years, but they threatened to fire me, because i'd been out so long. i called an attorney and they agreed to let me stay until i could get my pension and benefits; that was 9/27. i have been out of work since then. i have been interviewing for jobs, but i am unemployed and 50, and live in michigan, which has some serious economic problems. i have gone to every interview i was offered; i was even flown to washington dc to be interviewed for a job. i have twice been one of two candidates to be chosen, but lost to the other candidate. both of those were while i was still employed. i can't collect unemployment because i'm "retired"; i have 300.00/month in child support, and that's my only income. i have now completely liquidated my 401k (that started last year when i started having surgeries). my credit rating is terrible because i had to declare bankruptcy. i went to a therapist in june and now have a 3000.00 debt because they were "out of network"; and were charging me 45.00 per session over what the insurance would pay. i am not seeing anyone now. i can't pay for the therapy i had. i have a lump sum pension for 352,000 but i pay 30% in taxes, plus a penalty, for any money i use from it before i'm 59 1/2. i was an excellent salesperson; 4 times i won their highest award, most recently in 2008. what's got me so very down now is, that i went on an interview yesterday for a job that didn't even pay a base salary, for a radio station. they said my presentation was the best they'd seen, and wanted a copy of it, which i gave them. one manager said he could use it at his next sales meeting. but when i called the next day, they said they wouldn't be offering me a job. i had worked so hard on that presentation; i met with all their managers, and didn't hear a negative thing from anyone. but i do have bad credit and i am over 45. no one else being interviewed was over 40. i am afraid i will never find a job; and lest you think i'm unique, my friend who is 53, and the most outstanding sales rep and employee i know, hasn't found a job for 6 months-and she has a recommendation letter from her former manager and district manager. it seems that if you're over 50 you have no chance with anyone. i can't handle any more, and my 13 year old dog died this week too. i feel completely isolated and lost and really, really want to be free of this.
t3_e97gg-t3_e97gg-c16c40j	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8058	i would suggest not waiting a month. mammograms are so common these days, i think it would be ridiculous to wait that long (especially if it's serious).  this isn't the time to panic though- it could be nothing. some women just have lumps, and they turn out to be nothing. depending on how often your wife conducts self breast exams, this lump could have been there for a while and might just be natural, and nothing to worry about. if, however, based on a mammogram, it looks like something else, then they will take a sample of it.  usually what happens is they will take a biospy and look at what is inside. it might be a benign tumor, which you don't have to worry about, or it could be cancerous.  depending on the stage of cancer, the doctor will probably recommend different options. my mom found a lump in her breast, and while  the cancer was in very early stages, it was a really aggressive type. if she had found it even a couple months later, it would have been much worse. this is why i'm saying dont wait. early detection is the key here. if you catch it early you can get just a masectomy, but if it spreads to other areas of the body, treating it will be much more difficult.  even if the lump turns out to be nothing, this is always a scary time, especially since your wife has cancer in her family. it is good that you are reaching out here, trying to figure out how to be supportive. that is great to see! just be there for her, and know that your wife might not even know how to communicate how she is feeling, and just let her talk. breast cancer affects her (and you) in ways you can't possibly imagine right now, so i sincerely hope that your wife's lump turns out to be nothing.  if it is worse, please tell her that there is a large support network out there, and that she is not alone! my mother found her lump in july of 2003, and finished chemo in feb of 2004. she is now cancer free since then, and i know she appreciates every day now because of this. i wish your family the best of luck with this. i would do whatever research you can as far as norwegian cancer treatment goes, so that you know the options up front.
t3_2cddus-t1_cjeegfb-cjelmwh	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have two sisters with breast cancer and they both insist that research does not link smoking to breast cancer. i am not being a dick like mcbadguy, i am sincerely wondering if you have any knowledge of a link between the two. it seems obvious to me that they would be related, but they both claim their doctors say there is not a proven link. i have looked it up and not surprisingly, the internet gives my conflicting info. i'm truly sorry you lost your mother to that horrible disease, and i also loathe cigs, they definitely killed my mother. she died of tuberculosis. she quit and they got the disease arrested, so naturally she started again and was dead in a year. died a horrible, painful death too. still took me ten years and my own near death experience to quit the fucking things. they are so addictive. i've quit a lot of addictive things, and they were by far the hardest addition to overcome.
t3_pfrge-t3_pfrge-c3ozvx5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first, i am very sorry for the hardship you, your father, and family are going through right now. as someone who lost his mother to very sudden breast cancer at pretty much your age, please know that despite all she shit you're about to wade through, you will feel good and happy again, and much sooner than you think. really.   now, as someone who has also gone through a long distance separation with his girlfriend due to circumstances beyond his control, also after spending about 6 months together after meeting online, think ahead about future emotional triggers. for me it was music. are there any albums you both like? any artists you're just getting into? then stop playing their stuff. go deeper into your best, most beloved music for solace, and don't listen to stuff of significance to you/him. why? because even 13 years later, hearing one of those songs will instantly snap you back to where you are now/will be soon, complete with all the angst/pain as it it were fresh.   yeah. sarah mclachlan's *surfacing* is pretty much unlistenable for me and my wife now.
t3_c7jjl-t3_c7jjl-c0qnozp	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have actually seen this type of treatment work for an even more aggressive type of cancer.    my step-daughter's mother was diagnosed with stage 3 breast cancer.  her endocrinologist gave her a less than 30% survival rate.  her doctor begged her to go the traditional route, but she was not persuaded.  she had the affected breast removed along with the lymph nodes on that side of her body.  she then went through a drastic detox and cleanse followed by a strict macrobiotic diet and lifestyle.   that was 10 years ago. she is still 100% cancer free and thriving.  it can work, however, here is the down-side.  it takes every minute of everyday to consciously live that lifestyle.  she was a stay-at-home-mom, and her job then literally became her own survival.  she spent all day, every day, finding, preparing and injesting these curing foods.  and it wasn't cheap either; in fact, if it weren't for a local co-op of organic farmers in the area sponsoring her, she might not have been able to devote herself to this treatment.  and in order for it to work, 100% dedication is a necessity.  godspeed to your sister-in-law.  let her know that there are others who have followed and succeeded with this type of treatment.
t3_4ckef5-t1_d1j0qmo-d1j18ni	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7483	by my state's law, i am considered a physician. in some states, they must label themselves a practitioner.  by law, and by my doctorate degree, i am a physician.  i'm also a sports physician.  i take a thorough history, complete a physical and neurological examination of the patient's complaint, and through a differential diagnosis come up with a working diagnosis, then render an appropriate treatment plan.  i see 100% neuromusculoskeletal complaints.  i do not treat asthma, or try to cure autism, or talk to people about vaccines, or put hot stones on people, or sell supplements, or whatever else you think we do.  i am a conservative musculoskeletal physician.  and i get people better.    i have caught stage 4 breast cancer in a 27 year old female following a kickball incident (path fracture at l2 due to expansile lesion).  just last week i diagnosed a vertebral artery dissection (no, i did not cause it).  i follow all appropriate guidelines and protocols for diagnosis and treatment plans.   i work with other medical professionals, including neurologists and orthopedists, in co-managing patients.  mds, pts, and pas all come to see me because i've gained their trust.  we are all not quacks, and i believe those are a dying breed.  we are entering into a realm of evidence guided treatments, and those of us pursuing that niche are getting people better faster than ever.
t3_1586c9-t3_1586c9-c7k7gxg	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when the doctor said "that isn't a cyst, it's looks like a tumor. it might be breast cancer but we need to do a biopsy to be sure." then the nurse said "well, normally for this kind of thing we'd get you in this afternoon but we're booked so how does tuesday work?" it was thursday morning. i spent the weekend in kind of a scared haze. then the following week scared. it is benign but it was a "oh holy shit!" for me.   oh, and once in the summer i was driving with the windows down. a big rig came up beside me, i heard loud bang, felt something sting my arm, i screamed. then realized one of the tires had busted and part of it had come through my open window and hit me. i still roll up the windows when i'm next to one of those things.
t3_1o3tbo-t3_1o3tbo-ccor95o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had cancer that wasn't breast cancer, and it also bothered me.   but, then i figured, breast cancer research is still cancer research, which every cancer benefits from, so it stopped bothering me as much.
t3_ebzsi-t3_ebzsi-c16xzm4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6033	the same is happening this moment with my cat of ten years. the cat is purring but making funny sounds from lungs. already had a surgery, it came right back. it grows quickly. i too lost my mom to a cancer that began as breast cancer. she tried everything to stop it, she really did, went the extra mile, chemo and surgeries even when the doctor did not want to do them.  the weird thing with the cat is you can see how fast the cancer cells grow due to lumps under the coat. cancer grows and it can not be stopped. that is what cancer is.  regarding your mom, i just have a cold feeling. we all have the human life span, the natural cycle. i still have not processed my experience with my mom though one good thing is that you have time with her and you know what is going on. i am thankful for this as opposed to someone dropping dead from something else. i had a family member die from an aneurysm. it was very un-pretty. i dare say a death to cancer is better because the person is lucid and alert and you have some time to spend with them. good luck to you, your family and your mom. god bless you. when the time was right my mom was ready to go. she had had enough of the suffering. really, if you believe in heaven, it is no big deal. my mom had a strong faith and when i was in perhaps my most difficult and significant university time, i made it through. though we lived in different parts of the country, she told me she prayed for me during that time. i was like, "wow, now i get it!" i really did sail right through. some other uni experiences have not been so good but that was the one that counted.
t3_1xqfy0-t1_cfe1n0x-cfe1wow	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7478	that's good news ... do you still have that nagging doubt hanging over you?    whilst we know my gf is clear (chemo is to make sure, mastectomy to make doubly sure as she has the brca2 gene)... as she puts it ... the is always going to be something in the back of her mind forever now.  how did you go with coping with that sort of thinking?  she has been lucky with oncology wards.  freemasons in collingwood is fantastic.  even the sandwiches are awesome :).  the nurses are sensational too.  we are hoping so too.  learning to deal with what happens now and how it will change things going forward (subtle or otherwise) is what we are beginning to work through.
t3_4daz7f-t1_d1qndhi-d1qo1si	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you've got an iq of 90 (one sigma below average), then you're technically mentally-abled, but in reality, you can't hold a job above minimum wage, because everyone else is running circles around you.  should we throw everyone into poverty who is dumber than the average? be very careful here, because in a decade or two, machines will be cleverer than the average...  should we throw everyone under the bus who had a traumatic experience in their life and no safety net to rely on? my wife had surprise breast cancer at 30, and it nearly killed us both. if i could not have relied on my family and friends and health insurance and good job situation and determination and strength, i would now be truly fucked, and all of these things were given to me by dna and country.  that's why i acknowledged that poverty isn't just lazyness.  poor people are rarely poor by choice, but even then, spending big money on bullshit luxury items nobody needs is what separates poor and happy people from poor and desperate people. earning $100 more and spending $100 less is the same, but it's much harder to get a raise than to not buy an outdoor sofa.
t3_dp0gl-t1_c11uaw8-c11vcnj	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can sympathize (minimally) with both the difficulty and the decision making process involved with genetic testing. please know before i go on that this is coming from someone who has several relatives (by marriage) with huntington's so i have seen what an awful toll it takes on people physically and mentally and i am stating that i can only minimally understand what you and your family went though deciding to or not to be tested....  i carry a brca mutation. the specific mutation i have means that i have an 87% chance of getting breast cancer and a 44% chance of getting ovarian cancer. while i was pregnant with my daughter i found out that both my paternal aunts carried the gene and decided to be tested. i went when my daughter was less than 2 months old and tested positive. i have 4 siblings - none of who are interested in being tested. i wish i knew for my daughter, but they will not test her until she was 18. i found the process overwhelming. i had to sit through an hour long education session prior to the blood test being administered and i had to go back to the genetic counselor for my results, and they asked me what felt like 15 times if i was really sure i wanted the results that day.   i worry about my sister who does not want to know, the difference in our case is that we're dealing with preventable, treatable diseases. the ovarian cancer worries me, but there have been no instances of ovarian cancer in my family, i wish my sister would find out so that she can get the proper screenings - but i cannot force her, it's a personal decision she need to make on her own. i, like you, needed to know what i was up against.
t3_3ide1r-t3_3ide1r-cuffepu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5035	a variety of ways. i suffer depression and i believe there are times antidepressants are what have kept me alive. i had breast cancer and i assume the chemo is part of why i'm still here 5 years later. my daughter had a terrible infection in a cyst in her face. i'm going to assume the antibiotics are what stopped it from traveling to her brain which was a concern of the doctors. when my son was very young he had a bronchial infection that resulted in hospitalization and lots of medication to get it under control. in another time, any one of these diseases would likely have killed one of us.
t3_3xyut3-t3_3xyut3-cy90gje	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a great aunt that survived breast cancer. (i don't know when she was treated, but it was before i was around, so 70s at the latest.)   breast cancer, if detected early, is one of the most treatable and survivable types of cancer there is. not to say that it should be taken any less seriously and that it can't take a huge toll and ends lives, but it also makes for great marketing for susan g. komen, which has become a charity giant in the past decade. they take in thousands upon thousands in donations, and some of that money is then turned around and thrown into frivolous lawsuits against any other cancer charities that try to use the word "cure" or the color pink. there's also a number of breast cancer survivors (and the families of those who didn't survive) that have major beef with the way sgk does things, including almost not acknowledging that men are affected by it, too. i advise anyone to really do their research before donating to any charity. know what your gift is actually doing.  tl;dr, the reason you're hearing more about breast cancer is because some organizations are paying marketing departments lots of money to make sure you hear about it.
t3_1on3mi-t1_cctrl4g-cctsj12	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	couple thoughts  * who is no longer aware of breast cancer? * at first i was supportive, but i have grown fatigued and have a very negative reaction when i see pink (you mentioned being frustrated and infuriated over people's response to pinkwashing - if it was any other business people would acknowledge their marketing strategy is taking a turn for the worse) * i have close friends and family with breast cancer and your team wearing an atrocious uniform will do nothing for them * however, an organization like nike has the power of influence and i admire anything that is a force for good, whatever their motivation might be
t3_44zq0j-t1_czurttd-czv8oib	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	why do you say that? i have breast cancer that's spread to the liver, lungs and bones. going on 3 years and i've seen many doctors, are they lying or don't have a clue? my medical science profession background supports this so does my extensive research on the matter for personal reasons. i've heard people claim stage 4 when it's just a mass in the outer necl that hasn't spread and claimed to have been cured of stage 4, so the ignorance is out there. it's not 4 until it's spread to other organs.
t3_2sucwu-t3_2sucwu-cnszui6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6885	i have a breast cancer ribbon...it looks like...well i wouldn't say shit (but an objective observer might) when its not fresh.  i have gotten it reinked once and will probably give it one more shot.  the problem is pink doesn't contrast great with your natural skin color so it fades out.  that being said, its still my most meaningful tattoo that i love despite its short comings (if that makes any sense).  i got it when my mom was first declared cancer free and got it reinked after she passed away after it came back.
t3_14esjy-t3_14esjy-c7chisz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6624	people commenting about being it gods plan and praying and all that stuff isnt that horrible. if you let it go, it just passes by. whats disgusting is the people debating each other about religion in this poor guy's blog. their conversations have nothing to do with the circumstances. they can't just say their peace and fuck off, they have to stick around and make a goddamn spectacle of it.   my condolences to your friend and his wife. i watched my mom die of cystic fibrosis growing up, and watched my step mom battle very advanced breast cancer several years ago. luckily she survived, but its hard to watch and you feel helpless.
t3_4kd77l-t1_d3e53oc-d3ev20r	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a friend's older brother message me on facebook (at least ten years since i had last seen him) telling me he dreamt i had breast cancer.   he did tell me to check my boobs but he definitely wasn't creepy about it, just concerned. so now whenever i feel something weird i immediately think of breast cancer brian.
t3_1i8p7g-t3_1i8p7g-cb27m3e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my salon used to use wella (oh, how i miss it! now we use matrix), you're not going to get anything vivid other than red out of that line. usually salons will "exclusively" carry a color line, but will have separate fashion colors. talk to your salon owner and see if it would be okay for you to bring in your own colors at first to try and test the water with your clients. my favorite lines are paul mitchell inkworks (put it in a foil, use heat, let cool, and it will rinse pretty much clear. i don't even shampoo mine out, because it rinses like conditioner! and it doesn't bleed!) and pravana vivids (lasts a super long time, but it bleeds pretty bad. you have to be careful rinsing it, because it will immediately stain all your pretty blonde highlights lol). i would suggest start with pm inkworks in hot pink, blue, and yellow. you can mix to make any color out of those and dilute them with conditioner (or they make a clear inkworks) to make a more pastel color. talk a couple of you clients into a streak or two, and show the salon manager/owner that fashion colors are a great, profitable add-on service. also, you could do pink streaks during breast cancer awareness month and donate the proceeds. that's a great way to introduce fun colors to a more conservative "soccer mom" crowd.
t3_nhaqd-t1_c393mn9-c393vl9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have no breast cancer examples however having recently been involved in a car accident i had several hours of emergency surgery which obviuosly (spelling) i didn't wait for, however subsequently the longest i'e waited for follow up non emergency surgery is two hours in a que for an xray. haven't paid a penny.
t3_1lou8k-t3_1lou8k-cc1jegf	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8043	i was best friends with the girl for years. her parents moved away and she didn't want to go with them so she moved in with her boyfriend. he cheated on her numerous times, and she eventually moved in with me since she had nowhere else to go after leaving her boyfriend. she was supposed to immediately start looking for a new place, but instead she did nothing but chill at my house for over a month. i would talk to my friends online about my frustrations with her.   one day crazy decided to buy and install a keylogger on my computer. she hacked into my accounts and read all of my saved conversations, and printed them off to throw in my face. i explained that people talking behind your back will happen your whole life, so grow up. we were no longer friends after that.  cut to a couple years later when i decided to give her another shot, and we were going to the darkness together, which was one of our favourite bands. i bought the tickets, asked her numerous times if she was sure she wanted to go, cause if not i'd find someone else so i didn't waste my money and the extra ticket. the day of the concert came and i hadn't heard from her in over a week. i never heard from her. ever.  oh. and she also lied to me and everyone else about having breast cancer for years. biggest. bitch. ever. but i sleep easy knowing she lost all of her friends.
t3_xa4dw-t3_xa4dw-c5km0g3	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	she looks happy and i hope the rest of the time she has she gets to stay that happy.   my wife is 29 has metstatic metplastic breast cancer with liver, bone, and lymph node involvement.   my wife has been having a terrible week. she wanted to stop meds and and any further treatment.   she has been dx since april 16 of this year.    she lost hope this week because she had to resign her job as a lawyer. her mother died of cancer 22 months ago. her mothers best friend went into hospice with lung cancer, this past friday. she is coming to terms with the fact that she will never have kids. and she most likely never be allowed to adopt, either. and she has felt like crap the last week. joint pain has been extremely bad.   i told her i would support her choice when she came to me on a good day and told me that she wanted to stop. i did not want to see her make a rash just because of few bad days.   she had chemo yesterday. we had a long talk with the dr. head nurse and the doc about her depression he changed to from paxil to cymblata.   he showed her that her labs where the best that have been since she started treatment, and that she was getting better. i went and bought her a new puppy last night and signed for a new house today and she is exicted about watching the dogs play in their new back yard in about a month.  we went to home depot tonight and picked up paint chips so she can start planning how how she wants to repaint the house. she smiled more to today that she has in the last month.   i respect this woman's choice. i am sure it was not a choice mad after one bad day, week or even month. when it is time for my wife to make this choice. i will take a leave of absence from work and will with squeeze as much quality out of the time we still have together. i will do anything to see her smile. like drive 2 hours and buy her a puppy at 1030 pm. she cried all the way home because she was happy. that she just wanted something to hold and love when i was at work.   sorry for the long and did not mean to thread jack.
t3_2s0ztk-t3_2s0ztk-cnl9ku8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5924	i thought i had this once. i noticed that my left breast was red and slightly itchy, especially at night. i was just about ready to freak out about it until i realized something: i was pushing my boob into my guitar for an hour or so every evening as a i practiced. then i'd go get ready for bed and see a red breast in the mirror. the redness was from being squished. i seriously thought i had inflammatory breast cancer for a week before it dawned on me.  odds are very, very good that you don't have ibc. you're very young and have been on hrt for approximately 15 minutes as far as hormone time goes. boobs are weird. they hurt and sometimes leak. they itch at the worst possible moment.  have you actually seen images of ibc? you can tell. your boob isn't just slightly scaly, it looks like it got dipped in a vat of radioactive waste.  now that being said, i don't think going to your doctor is a bad idea. it's always best to err on the side of caution. but seriously, you don't have cancer.
t3_3dyk5g-t3_3dyk5g-ctak6x5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7898	my new area of expertise!  http://www.marsupialpouch.com  i just had a double mastectomy, and honestly the drains are the worst part--this pouch item is the best thing ever. really. def get this, and the chair pillow you mentioned, that's a lifesaver too. several small pillows would also be useful, she'll have to sleep on her back and getting up by yourself is hard at first.   stretchy, loose, oversized tops, button downs and zip up things. mens shirts, etc. don't bother with any mastectomy clothes on the market, they are all dreadful. i modified a bunch of t-shirts, am living in those.  she'll probably need you to do things like wash her hair, remember she won't be able to lift her arms over her head for a while. if you don't have a hand attachment in the bath, that might be useful.  good luck to her, and keep her spirits up, and yours too! if you have any other questions, ask away.
t3_2ortgg-t3_2ortgg-cmqfzx4	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i shave my head every day, completely.  i did it years ago to support a nephew with cancer, then three years ago i got really frustrated with my hair and just shaved it off.  i've been completely bald since then.  many like it.  they think i'm authentic.  some think i have breast cancer.  i am a cancer survivor (skin), but not breast.   it has led to some very meaningful conversations with other survivors, and those fighting.  some friends have forgone their complicated styles for a more natural look, less 'sexy' look because of me.  i personally like it because i don't get hit on by men much.  i think it's pretty clear i'm not on the market!  lol. women, on the other hand...well, i'd rather be hit on by a woman than a man any day.
t3_1oy20d-t1_ccwy6hh-ccwzqhu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i agree with you and i'm sorry you're getting downvoted. it's crazy to me how people can't accept the idea that actual breast cancer sufferers might be upset by the video, because they no longer have breasts or are in danger of losing them. i know if i had breast cancer, and i was already feeling unsexy and unfeminine, i would find it really shitty that people were objectifying and sexualizing breasts in the name of helping me.
t3_e2qub-t1_c14txvt-c14tybq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	all in time. this was just the beginning. i am only 20 so i have a whole life ahead of me.  breast cancer was chosen as it is very personal to me. my mother was diagnosed twice with it. thankfully she is still with me today.  i intend to pedal until i can go no further.
t3_36fpie-t1_cre2kvh-creswi8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7345	45%, as stated. though i have breast cancer affecting my mother's side of my family which also increases my risk along with the gene mutation. the rule of thumb is to start screening five years prior to the first person affected in the family. the age of the woman earliest affected was 25, so the genes are not in my favor.
t3_4y8nlw-t1_d6m8g8b-d6mxla9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6002	if you catch it early enough, it was treatable. sadly, i had a relative die of breast cancer in the 90s because they caught it too late and couldn't treat it.
t3_2wcfw6-t1_coplupk-coptl01	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mastectomy was possible even with [pre-modern medicine](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mastectomy#history); and some stories says that the amazons removed (cut off, burnt off) their right breast to do better with a bow. to finish it off, the [breast ripper](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/breast_ripper) was a thing.  it would be extremely painful without anaesthesia, and extremely dangerous without antibiotics, but it would be possible.   and i remember reading something about ancient priestesses extracting "female poison" from mare urine, but i cannot seem to remember where i read it (maybe [here](http://gallae.com/essays.html)?).
t3_4ca1e7-t1_d1gny1e-d1k47yr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cheap pops.  cheap marketing.  just an overall cheap feeling to the award now.  as it has been said many times, warrior, despite his faults, wanted the award to be for the people that make the wwe funciton.  the gears in the machine gets honored, not someone with zero affiliation with the machine.  joan is not the first to beat cancer, and she won't be the last either.  a whole month is dedicated to them as a whole, and not one person like this award is going.    the award goes to someone that ensures that the company runs smoothly from behind the scenes.  the ones that make the whole thing look easy.  someone like the stage assembly head, charlie robinson.  the booking agents.  def not the writers.  but someone that is actually functional and key to the wwe.  wwe didn't care about breast cancer until big organizations did.  it's just cheap marketing to say, "look at us, we care more than anyone else".
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cds7i6e	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i found a lump in my breast--it was completely by accident that i found it (i wasn't doing a breast exam or anything). because i had been considered "high risk" for breast cancer i had met with a doctor in the breast center before, so i immediately called and quickly had a mammogram and sonogram…and then a week later a biopsy…and a few days after that they said it was cancer. that was the most devastating news at the time…but now a full year out from treatment (after a double mastectomy, chemo, and radiation) it almost feels like something that happened to someone else. as it turned out it wasn't the worst thing ever--but i couldn't have gotten through it without the most amazing husband in the world who took care of me all the way through. i am incredibly lucky because i didn't have to go through it alone.
t3_2wkra8-t1_corqrkn-cos31yz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6736	most people simply don't give a fuck until they're personally affected.  it's like all the b list celebrities who open up charities after they come down with something. 'oh i have breast cancer, i'll open up the 10000000th breast cancer charity with my shitty name on it!'
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46kqhm	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6788	my mom underwent her first session of chemotherapy for breast cancer this past thursday and this week has not been easy. i'm the eldest child and i've been maintaining the household so far so make sure you have someone who you can call to help you do things around the house. dishes are a big one. just some things you might want to keep in mind that my mom has experienced this past week:  - she felt really tired, almost all the time. you might want to put aside a few movies that you can fall asleep to.  - she got very annoyed, very quickly, with everyone in our house. try and communicate with people around you to let them know that they shouldn't take it in the wrong way. one morning, my mom wouldn't let me drive her to the hospital for an x-ray because she was so angry at the way my hair was falling on my face. little things like that.  - her mouth was very dry, at all times, and this made it hard to taste things and made her throat very sore. you should wash your mouth out with baking soda and water at least every 3 hours. if this isn't sufficient, you can call your nurse or doctor and they can prescribe you a special mouthwash.  - this may differ for you depending on what type of treatment you get, but my mom had tinglies in her legs. like pins and needles. she felt very shaky all the time and it was hard for her to stand up for long periods of time. you may want to put together a nice comfy pillow fort or something to relax in. have all your entertainment stuff nearby.   today is the 7th day after her chemo and she's starting to feel a lot better. she's been going out and driving around, which is good for her. i'd like to remind you that you should still take it easy, even if you feel better. you might get too excited and exhaust yourself (which is what she did).  the last thing i have to say is don't be afraid. it will be hard and it will get harder as time goes on but you can beat this. don't be afraid to tell someone close to you how you feel about this. you can beat this thing. just keep swimming.
t3_2d5q0v-t3_2d5q0v-cjsd8yd	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had treatment for breast cancer and i was encouraged to eat before and during treatment.  my last appointment before chemo the nurse took me around a tour of the unit and while i expected to see a bunch of sickly looking individuals being all pukey, what i saw was a bunch of people chatting and meals going around.  this was also the case for my father when he went through treatment in a different unit. there were also volunteers handing out crackers and cheese, boost, juice etc etc.   i was anxious too before my first treatment.  i didn't know how i would react and was scared i would eat something and hurl in front of everyone.  didn't happen.  and only once did i ever see anyone get sick during treatment, and that was a guy who took a major coughing fit and got sick from it.   i ate healthy but also ate whatever i craved during treatment  my first three rounds of chemo i craved sugar big time and ice cream in particular.  so i ate ice cream.  my next three i was all about the salt, so i ate salty things like noodles and chips.  all on top of eating my fruit and cooked veggies and lots of protein.
t3_1tck7o-t1_ce7g7lt-ce7gdi8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i bought one for hiking/biking, and it just worked out perfect. i should go look up what model i got, but it's basically one with a small cargo pocket that can up zip for even more room. i stashed shnacks and my layers in it. it wrapped around my hips and there were pockets that i kept drugs, chapstick, gum, anti-bacterial stuff, and "business cards" i had with my site/inflammatory breast cancer facts that i gave out  and yes, i normally just buy the bequest model of a oasics line on amazon, but i got the newest plus insoles last year and it made a huge difference.   i also invested in rain gear because one year in boston it rained 6" in two days....yaaahhh
t3_1k8pur-t3_1k8pur-cbmq20d	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was having really bad pains on both sides of her chest. when she couldn't take the pain anymore, she finally told me something was wrong and wanted to go to the er. so i take her there and they did xrays and found out that she had a couple of broken ribs. the next procedure was an mri which showed the cancer. she had breast cancer but it was so bad it had spread to her bones which was why her ribs were breaking. she passed away in less than two weeks. turns out she'd known something was very wrong for about the last six months but she never said anything until it was too late.
t3_2wta6z-t3_2wta6z-cotwozi	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry your sister is dealing with such crap!  one way to think of the early stage survivors is that they still face an increased risk of cancer returning.  they survived their own challenges.   it's hard for me at times. i have been pushed out of a breast cancer event because someone assumed i wasn't a survivor due to my age. i had much more advanced cancer than she had but what could i say?  sorry i didn't wait until i was 60 and got it in my 30s?  just remember to focus on your sisters amazing strength and on you continuing to be there for her. you're obviously awesome.  survivors need strong people to help them when they're a little too weak to carry it all on our own.
t3_1k8pur-t3_1k8pur-cbmnosb	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	not my but my mom. she found a lump in her breast. it was tiny and she figured no biggie and put it off for six months. ladies, gents...please for the love of god, if you find a lump where there shouldn't be don't ignore it.  it took the lump growing twice in size before she saw a doctor. she was diagnosed june 12th, two days before my birthday. two weeks later she was told that they'd just slice it out. i felt the doctor wasn't qualified (whiny daughter syndrome) just after we scheduled the surgery we found out that the mri found another tumour bigger than the other just behind it. the doctor hadn't told us about it, or the  three other enlarged lymphnodes in her chest wall.   we cancelled the surgery... which may have saved her life. had we done the surgery the cancer more than likely would have spread. she demanded a bone scan. early july we found out it had spread to her rib cage. odd thing was we should have known, she had broken two ribs bending over to pet the cat earlier in the year, the same ribs that had the cancer spread to them.   mid july she had a chest biopsy and they found that the furthest lymphs had cancer. it was aggressive and they weren't willing to wait any longer. they had a chemo port installed the following wednesday and started chemo a week later. she has stage iiib breast cancer and a 42% chance of making it two years with treatment.   and every time i see her, lying in bed, sick from chemo. she cries out to me "i didn't think i'd go like this nana....i don't want to die. not like this.... please.... promise me you'll take care of yourself... don't be stupid....don't put it off."  and it kills me. so please don't put things like this off... because someone out there will be weeping in their bed every night wondering if you'll be at their wedding let alone make it through another week.
t3_4saqqr-t1_d57zqwv-d5803m6	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8414	serious question: why not wait it out, but just get screened more often? if i'm not mistaken, catching breast cancer (as with many/most cancers) early enough leads to high success with treatment. if she was at high risk, couldn't she just have had more frequent screenings? i guess i wouldn't know how frequent they'd need to be, but i couldn't imagine more than once very six months, maybe? and for someone as rich as her, the screening could come to her, wherever she is, without any issue, i'd think, making it more convenient to her schedule.  worst case, she catches it early and they say she needs to have the double mastectomy, which is right where she ended up anyway. or could it really spread *that* fast that it would end up potentially killing her even with regular screenings? is a preemptive double mastectomy a common thing for people who had the genetics she did?
t3_3zyliz-t3_3zyliz-cyqg5zf	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	happy last chemo day!  i had my last yesterday for breast cancer and was going to post pretty much the same question as this.....i know i need more surgery but that doesn't really bother me but i dunno how to stop myself going crazy worrying about it coming back.  so thanks for posting this &amp; good luck! :)
t3_1wnzda-t1_cf4279f-cf4jg9w	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	* claudette was lying about breast cancer to get attention. the same way lisa lied about being pregnant.   * peter melted when they opened the ark.  * steven was a friend of johnny. johnny was such a great guy it's impossible to believe he'd have just the couple friends we'd seen up until that point.  * watch the precision and expertise in setting up the recording device. johnny clearly works in corporate espionage for his bank.   * denny clearly mentions they were going to take some wedding pictures.  * it was weed. mark stole denny's supply and was smoking it later on the roof when peter confronted him. this is why denny couldn't sell it and have the money to pay back chris r.
t3_22eqhc-t3_22eqhc-cgm7yut	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	here's the deal.  in african languages, there's two past tenses. i learned about this looking at tits in national geographic and inadvertently reading the copy on the shitter and accidentally learning something.  there's one tense which basically translates to: "it happened before now, in the past, and is complete, over, and has no relevance to what's going on right now."  as in, "five hundred thousand years ago, the asian people **crossed** into the americas via the bering strait".  like, who gives a fuck - it don't affect me in 2014.  the other is, "it happened before now, in the past, and it is relevant to what's going on right now." as in, "yo, someone **kicked** over the iron cobra mc's motorcycles, and they're going through the streets right now randomly beating the shit out of anyone out and around."  here's the deal on medical history. i know chicks wanna blab about every single god damn thing that's ever happened to em, but all i need to know as a guy, and all any guy ever needs to know is - does it affect shit right now? like, do i have to fuck you lying on your left side because there used to be some tumor on your ovary and if my cock is longer than 5" i'll nudge the scar where it used to be?  you'd be using the first past african tense. this falls under the category of "i was sick, had a problem, it was fixed, everything's fine, you're not gonna catch anything/not gonna have a hand reach out of my cervix and grab your dick/not gonna feel for my breast and find nothing there". capice?
t3_1bekcz-t3_1bekcz-c9677mm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i first went vegan, my family thought i was crazy. they all had different predictions on how long it would last: a week, maybe a few months. they mocked me. five years later, they still make some jokes (i come from a family with a love for poking fun and practical jokes), but they are much more respectful of my choices. nobody questions if i can do it or if i'll be healthy. my aunt tells me all the time how amazed she is by my willpower.  the most incredible transformation, by far, was my stepmom. what a cunt. when i first went vegan, she was furious. my dad insists on family dinners every night, but she refused to allow a vegan dish at the table. if she went to the grocery store with my dad, they came home with no vegan food. she refused to make anything with tofu or soy milk, citing concerns about breast cancer (but oddly, when i wasn't around, she always drank my soy milk). a vegetarian meal was unheard of because her son "needed nutrition." funny, she used to be a nutritionist.   now, when i am in town, she makes vegan dishes for dinner or has a vegan option (leaving the meat out until the end after i've taken my portion, etc). the whole family will eat tofu sometimes. she prefers soy milk in her coffee. honestly though, the problem wasn't my veganism in the first place. when she first married my dad, she was a massive bitch, earning her the hatred of every single person in his family (even those who i have otherwise never seen utter a negative word about anyone). she searched my sister and i on the internet and found a blog post of my sister's from years before that mentioned smoking pot, and claimed that my sister would give drugs to her (at the time, 8 year old) son. she failed to dig anything up on me, but then i went vegan. but still. people do come around.   my advice would be to always stay pleasant. don't get defensive. don't push your views on others- that only alienates them and makes them *less* likely to come around. when questioned, i keep my responses short and to the point, but i am always polite and i always stress the fact that it is a personal choice. if they're asking questions to argue or antagonize you, don't bother giving them a real answer. just smile and say "i have a variety of personal reasons" or "it can actually be an extremely healthy diet" or whatever is appropriate, and then move on. if they make a huge deal out of you not having anything to eat or not getting nutrition, make an excuse ("i ate beforehand" or "i'm fine") and don't argue any further. your diet is not debatable. make that clear, and make it clear that you will respect their choices and expect them to respect yours. don't expect accommodation- it's very nice if they do it, but it is not required of them. if you don't want your diet to be up for discussion, you can't make it their problem. get used to eating before or after family meals or bringing your own separate meal (or, even better, a dish to share that will serve as your meal).
t3_1j8k1v-t1_cbc9u7e-cbdyti2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	webmd sucks.   i've been thinking i have breast cancer for weeks now. i'm checking just in case, but after that, if i'm indeed healthy, i'll start by getting off the internet. (i'm moving to cuba, that should help a lot)
t3_2wiolr-t3_2wiolr-cos3n09	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7451	hi there! i feel what you're going through. in 23 and was diagnosed with stage 1 ovarian in august. i had my right ovary removed and decided that, before treatment, i'd do a round of ivf to save eggs incase chemo leaves me infertile. for me, this was a no brainer because i was not brac+ and i'm also single. this is a little different from your case, but i understand the feeling of being lost and confused and worrying about the future for a family. my aunt went through treatments for breast cancer and was brac+ and then also had a hysterectomy. after everything, she decided to adopt because she wanted to begin her family and continue onwards with her life, which her doctor also encouraged her to do. eventually, i think you probably will have to make the decision of a hysterectomy to maintain your health, but don't stop living your life! i understand your concern, and cancer is terrifying because it is unpredictable, but i say go with what your heart wants and don't let cancer get in the way of having a wonderful life!! i hope this helps!
t3_2e16rl-t1_cjv8inu-cjvbs5d	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my fiancé and i both have alcoholism *very* prominently shown in our families, and i have everything from breast cancer to heart disease to diabetes to endometriosis and more on my side. because of reasons, he doesn't know much of the health history on one side of his family, and that's dangerous too.  we're not planning on having kids, but we haven't 100% ruled it out yet. if we do plan on getting busy, we're going to be doing some serious dna testing. unfortunately, it's very likely that at least one of us would pass on *something*, there's just no telling what it would be. i can't imagine being responsible for subjecting a child to anything that has affected my family...
t3_3ixu79-t1_cukm87x-cukoznz	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it guises itself as a movement for all races, but the undertones that created it, when looked at in the big picture, paint it as more racist than it outwardly appears.   liken it to a movement created for "all cancer matters," in order to lessen support for breast cancer awareness. yes, all cancer is important, but we have a lot of momentum helping this one cancer right now. if we fragment it will our contributions still be as helpful in research? if breast cancer is cured it will undoubtedly lead to breakthroughs in all cancer. breast cancer is important, but everyone knows all cancer is important without making a scene about it.  at a further stretch, think about "separate but equal." this was the calling card of segregation.  it attempts to take emphasis off of black equality and integration, and focussed on how "all lives were equal, just separately equal." obviously we know now that they weren't, and separate but equal leaves a bad taste in our mouths when we say it now.  to wrap it up, "all lives matter" seems a very good phrase implemented in attempt to slow a civil rights movement once again. it slyly contradicts the current slogan "black lives matter" of the  movement. it speaks to a base that feels ignored and attacked under a guise of aiming towards equality for all.   tl;dr "all lives matter" is poison, and you shouldn't support it.
t3_e4ey0-t1_c158vt4-c159okd	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow, i bet you're a lot of fun to hang out with. i guess we're going to need a fuckton of different shirts:  * gay: nobody sees these but my girlfriend and the tsa agent. * polyamorous: nobody sees these but my boyfriends and the tsa agent. * breast cancer survivor: nobody sees it but my boyfriend and the tsa agent. * good catholic virgin: nobody sees these but god and the tsa agent. * transsexual: not even the tsa agent wants to see these. :( * good muslim: nobody sees anything but my husband and the tsa agent. * prostitute: nobody sees these for free but the tsa agent. * paris hilton: everyone sees these.  and what about all the different combinations, gay polyamorous cancer survivors like shirts, too...
t3_1jyihx-t3_1jyihx-cbjv8yh	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6075	i had to undergo a nuclear medicine test when i had breast cancer a few years ago.  they had to inject some kind of nuclear dye directly into the tumor.  the doctor said to me that it would hurt a little bit.  it was so painful that i was trembling and sobbing.   i will never consent to that test again, cancer or not.  and by the way, the fucking test failed.
t3_3zbwmb-t3_3zbwmb-cyl2two	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i cried when my son got sores on his mouth when he was a toddler. neither me nor my husband have ever had cold sores - and i had chemo for breast cancer 2 years ago and i still didn't get anything except a cold (man, colds are so much worse when your immune system is compromised, let me just say!). i took him to the doctor but the sore was too old to culture and came back negative. his doctor still thought it was a cold sore. they never hurt, though, and i'd always heard that they hurt really badly. i usually have no problem eating after family members, but knowing that my son most likely has hsv1, it makes me feel like a bad mother that i won't drink/eat after him even when he isn't showing any signs of a cold sore. he hasn't had one in years, which is nice, too. it probably makes me a bad person, but it's like he's got "the cooties" and i don't want to catch it from him. so, op, i get where you're coming from. i hope everything turns out ok and your son hasn't gotten any of the virus from your mil.
t3_1eaowm-t1_c9yekrn-c9yex9q	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	an acquaintance of mine recently died from breast cancer at 42. she got a lump checked and was told it was nothing to worry about. a month later she got checked by a second doctor and told it was terminal. she did chemo and had a double mastectomy too but is was just too late.  medical malpractice aside, it can be that quick and aggressive. i don't know if she had the gene mentioned elsewhere in this thread but she did have family history.  if anyone reads this and wonders, her boyfriend is looking into negligence on the part of the orginal doctor.
t3_10yr5h-t3_10yr5h-c6hx86o	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't see why everyone is making a big fuss over it. yes, it's save the boobs, but really who cares? as long as it draws attention and money to the cause of breast cancer, does it matter that the motivation is to save breasts? hell ... i know if i had breast cancer, i would want to 1) save my life and 2) save my breasts if i could. we all know guys are watching porn videos anyways, so why not make it worthwhile to breast cancer organizations?
t3_44lvjt-t3_44lvjt-czr7r8v	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7159	hi! i had breast cancer chemo and when my hair started coming out i shaved my head. it was really prickly for a while and made sleeping uncomfortable. when i had total alopecia it was better. i shaved it too soon i think. anyway- i have baby fine strait hair. when it came back in it was super curly!! it went back to strait after 6 months or so and i had to get a pixie to get rid of the curly weirdness. it has nothing to do with shaving your head or not. also i recomend a super soft beanie. your head is gonna get cold at night.  you will get through it. it saved my life. i have 8 years in april. oh btw i didn't cut it since. it's down to the middle of my back. i'm older and it may not be that pretty but damn i love my hair.  edit disclaimer or whatever. words
t3_1yqqvu-t1_cfmxeop-cfmxmil	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	right? and, being a woman, i have a very unpopular view of breast cancer awareness, in that, it can fuck itself.   cancer is always bad. why breast cancer (not the #1 killer of woman or cancer killer) gets an entire month dedicated to it &amp; nauseating pink shades of everything for "raising funds", is beyond me.   end rant.
t3_1eij0i-t3_1eij0i-ca0kbla	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mum recently went through breast cancer. people say its good to listen to someone and let them vent there worries or whatever, but for me the only people i wanted to speak to about that was my family, and with my friends i'd rather just do stuff with them to take my mind off it. so ask her if she wants to speak to you about it, and if she seems hesitant then don't talk about it and instead just go about your normal business, just do things you usually do together, for me this really really helped, i didnt want to be the kid whose mum has got cancer if you know what i mean, i just wanted to go about normal life with my friends.
t3_1norzc-t1_cckmgjh-cckmimc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	isn't it even worse - breast cancer awareness month? like, i had no idea breast cancer existed! it's also not the number one killer of women - heart disease is. get your shit right, health activists.
t3_1ebxq7-t1_c9yvuqd-c9yxqig	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the 87% number came from [jolie herself](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/05/14/opinion/my-medical-choice.html?_r=0):  &gt; my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman.  i don't think you're in a position to say her prognosis is 'wrong' or that people are confused about what's going on, unless you have personally reviewed her file.  i don't think she has anything to gain by lying about the 87% risk.
t3_2tz8ju-t3_2tz8ju-co3sbeu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i use the pill. junel, its on the lower end dose of hormones because i have a strong breast cancer risk in my family. it is a mix of progesterone and estrogen. i have had no bad side effects and i've been using it for years now.
t3_oro97-t3_oro97-c3jk3cm	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5884	my mom was diagnosed with bad breast cancer when i was younger (not as young as your kids). the only advice i can give you is to not constantly tell your kids how horrible they are and how you're dying and when you're gone how they're going to feel horrible for the rest of their lives because of this anytime they screw up in any minor way. that shit really bothered me, and still does when my mom pulls it. i try to be the best person i can be to her but when i hear that stuff it just ruins me.   i'm sorry about your diagnosis and i wish you and your family nothing but the best; it is a difficult situation but i don't doubt you'll be able to handle it and get through it.
t3_1b5sny-t3_1b5sny-cbb48er	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i live in australia and we so have universal healthcare. the idea of paying for healthcare is so completely foreign to me.  i had a brain tumour discovered when i was a child. it was removed within a week free of charge. a family member had breast cancer and had a mastectomy with in a week of it being discovered and she had her choice of hospital and dr.  we do have waiting lists for things considered to be elective (like corrective surgery that will ease pain but is not life threatening) but anything serious is dealt with pretty quickly.   honestly, americas healthcare "system" is sickening and americans should be ashamed of it.
t3_zgym4-t1_c64luh5-c64qsay	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh man. i was in *college* before i finally found out my "aunt" wasn't actually my father's sister. they had "adopted" each other as siblings when they met in college. i had been filling out medical forms saying breast cancer was on both sides of my family.  upside is, at least i'm not genetically related to that crazy!
t3_4xvih5-t1_d6od9io-d6ofuom	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7576	just try to relax (easier said than done, i know) and enjoy your independence and ability to make it through life on your own. that's priceless.   in my nearly 50 years, only 18 months have been spent totally on my own. i went to the local junior college for two years (it's a full four-year college now) and lived at home. they had no dorms. nmom didn't want me to work except during summers off and instead concentrate on my grades. then after graduation, i kept living at home until i got married at 24. when we divorced 13 years later, i was forced due to financial reasons to move back in with the parents. it was brutal. finally three years later i was able to get an apartment ... and it was the best 18 months of my life. freedom! sadly, though, i was diagnosed with stage 3c breast cancer in 2009 and had to again move back home. been here ever since due to more serious illnesses and again financial strain. and it's still brutal.  i wish you all the best. smile and don't take a day for granted. you're doing what normal adults are supposed to do.
t3_2rr3zd-t1_cnij2ld-cninu4y	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6726	i have no nipples thanks to breast cancer - that is such a strange feeling. i get that chill and then sort of the feeling like i need to check my shirt...then shit!  nope!  no nipples!!! 🙈👍
t3_e6k29-t1_c15wsz8-c15xf3q	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	its missing a few  "if i am abused i know people will believe me"  "if i am alone around children people will not be suspicious"  "if i have breast cancer i know there will always be plenty of people fighting it"
t3_yn7pi-t3_yn7pi-c5xamyn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6724	i feel you though i am not as big. i wear sports bras and a sleeveless hoodie everywhere. i am also uncomfortable with my big belly which is part of the reason. the binders make me look barrel chested though with the hoodie works out ok. i'm having issues with the binder, maybe i'm not doing it right. it feels weird but it felt so right the first time i tried it on.   i'm also a little overweight so i'm getting my ass in gear. i'm working out twice today. got weighed at my doctors and it was a wake up call. working out is the best and only natural way to reduce the size. i've decided for a full mastectomy next year but the wait is absolutely killer!!!!
t3_1dccp4-t1_c9p17oj-c9p1szq	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ish, that sounds miserable.  i had never heard the breast cancer bit before.  definitely something to remember.  either my questions will be met with extreme trepidation, like they don't want to say anything about it, or they'll seem skeptical that that's the problem.  usually the doctors keep their mouth shut, and the nurses and lactation consultants will tell me that it's because i pumped, wasn't pumping correctly, had improper latch, etc.  this is generally before i regale them with the whole story.  the weirdest one was from a lactation consultant who told me it was all in  my head.
t3_44zq0j-t3_44zq0j-czur5yi	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	that it's not necessarily all that life changing. i was diagnosed with breast cancer last august, had a lumpectomy to remove it in september and started chemo at the end of october (final session on saturday if my blood counts are okay - whoop!) - i'm then due a month of radiotherapy and ten years on tamoxifen. seriously, it's not that bad. the surgery was a bit sore (and still itches) but nothing major. the chemo's not much fun, but i live my life around it - i feel crap for a week and a half after but then i spend a week and a half getting on with all the same things that i would have normally been doing ... going to work, running a cub scout pack, going to book groups, dinner with friends, looking after my 20-month old son etc etc. depending on the type of cancer/chemo/your reaction to it this isn't possible for everyone ... however, following a conversation with a neighbour who'd had surgery and radiotherapy and told me "you put your life on hold for a year" i decided that there was no way i was willing to put my life on hold - i have far too much living to do. perhaps i'll feel differently when i get to the end of the process but at the moment it's just not as awful as everyone told me it would be.
t3_3wcpig-t3_3wcpig-cxvu2z9	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	being a hypochondriac sucks. i was thoroughly convinced that i had double breast cancer but its just really bad gynecomastia. i do get sick a lot. i had a sinus infection in september 2014 l, bronchitis this march, then this september i got a double ear infection, sinus, and strep. i got sick a bit between that too. i blow a lot out of proportion. just had a canker sore this week
t3_3tbzol-t1_cx5r2u5-cx5xsge	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7997	the majority of people who live in the area slated for demolition are - surprise! - families. families with kids who are in the middle of the school year, kids who i know also work part-time to help pay rent and have spending money. they're being asked to either upheave their entire home either within two months (before the snow falls) or five, when i'd say 1/3rd of the homes don't have proper access to a main road. it used to be 2/3rds to 4/5ths until the tenants complained about the *giant boulders* that blocked the fire lane and the walkway that separated the housing from the park about a year ago.  we've already received estimates for our moving fees, and ours exceeds $1500 because we need to hire more able-bodied people to compensate. it's only me and my dad; my mum's chemo and mastectomy leaves her unable to lift heavy objects, and my grandma is 94. it's incredibly stressful, knowing we're moving in two weeks and trying to get everything together when my dad and i both work full-time hours.  also, side note: timbercreek allowed for many of the units to fall into decay by delaying repairs and then doing a shoddy job fixing them. there was also the initial issue with transglobe continually selling the property to its sister companies and therefore resetting repair tickets and bylaw complaints, so some units never saw repairs for over a year and a half. hell, it took two years for our bathtub to get fixed. there's no laws regulating landlords in this area, so they abuse the hell out of it to avoid spending money.
t3_31i4mo-t3_31i4mo-cq1u3y7	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi op. your story sounds like mine. i'm sorry your mother is like that.   "i've recently realized that i simply don't care about my mother... regardless, i want to fix it somehow." - have you tried talking to her about these problems? if you have and nothing came from it i'm sorry to tell you that there is nothing you can do. when i talked with my mother about the problems i had with her she started gaslighting me with "i've never done those things. doesn't sound like me." or "you've misunderstood something." or "i don't believe you." i was extremely hurt but it helped me to realize that she has the problem unlike what she has told me all my life - that i am the problem. you can't change her behavior if she is unwilling to see what she is doing to you.   i tried to please her every way i could when i was younger. she is bitter, accuses me of not giving her any help, tells me how i don't care about her and tries to get me to feel bad. distance helps! when you go to collage you can choose the people in your life. if she doesn't deserve a place in it it's sad, but better for you. you need to look after yourself and do what's best for you.   my mother is similar to yours in many ways. she want me to do things for her or myself and wants to decide what these things are. last weekend we were at a christening and she liked a pie there. she came to me with "you have to ask for the recipe!". earlier i would have run to do the errand but i just said "ask it yourself if you like it so much." earlier this spring she tried to get me to audition to one of her favorite tv shows. i'm not at all interested and she is still saying "you should have done it they are filming it now!!" if i don't do things like she wants she tries to get me to feel bad about it. when i succeed she "congratulates" me, but it feel really fake. she also has this special babytalk when she says that she loves me or apologizes. ew   she also uses the tactic of "i was thinking you'd do x and y". i have to do them or she gets pissed. even if i have work it's not an excuse not to help her. i've started saying no when i don't have time and she goes "never ask me for help then!" every time without fail.   favors that have strings attached are not favors. your mother wants to keep you on her leash. my tactic is trying to ask as little help from my mother as possible. i'm trying to learn to live in a different way so that i don't need her to do anything for me. build your own support network that doesn't include her. it's not that easy, but finding people who actually care for you is the best thing ever.   my mother tries to guilt me about my relationship with my father too. "it's like you have forgiven everything he has done to this family and all sins are forgotten." i think it's horrible and you shouldn't put up with that. my mother doesn't ask how i'm doing, she hasn't asked about the tumor i have, she doesn't even care if i have breast cancer!! i've explained my mother that i'm treating my father like he is treating me and at least he shows that he cares. he has done things wrong and he has learned from them. you should just tell your mother to stop complaining about the fact that you are keeping contact with your father.    i think your brother is right. it's really kind of you to want your mother to be happy, but she is responsible for her own happiness. when she tries to guilt trip you i would remind her of that. i wouldn't expect things to get better when you move out. you don't have to deal with her every day, but when you do, i wouldn't expect it to be better. my own mother sees me as her little helper that needs to run to the rescue when she wants help. she doesn't see what she does to me, she tells me i'm lying when i tell what she has done to me and invalidates my feelings because she is right about everything. i would suggest low contact with your mother when you move out. draw boundaries and have consequences if she crosses them. she'll try to guilt trip you into keeping more contact, visiting her and whatnot and i know it's hard not to comply when she has taught you to listen to her every need.   i offer you internet hugs and an inbox if you want to talk to somebody. think positive and look to the bright future ahead of you :) take care!
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdg4x0e	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	my wife felt a lump in her right breast in august. she met with her ob/gyn on september 11, the doc was of the opinion that it may be benign growth as wife is relatively young (37 yrs) and has been breast feeding our daughter till couple of months back. lucky for her she got a appointment for mammography the next day. i had planned to go with her for mammography ( good thing in retrospect). she went in and i was waiting in family waiting room, she came back in  an hour crying accompanied by the radiologist. the radiologist took us in a private room and told us that they felt it was a cancer ( dcis- ductal carcinoma in situ) and they would like to do schedule biopsy, which was done the same day in the evening. after two days we got the prelim report that it was cancer and a high grade and they had scheduled our appointment with surgeon for further follow up. we had our initial consult with surgeon and ran an mri and brca testing for familial risk (which was negative). on october 2nd she had mastectomy with senitel node removal. the final biopsy showed it was infiltrating cancer and a big dcis, the nodes were clear, but cancer was in the lymph space. the oncologist was of opinion that her risk was high and she get chemotherapy. she now is getting her chemotherapy  and yesterday her first chemotherapy. keeping our fingers crossed for more to come...
t3_4ispat-t3_4ispat-d30toia	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	you were always in love with the sea. i was always in love with you, and so i had no problem moving to the coast, and skipping fancy dinners and long vacations while we saved up for a boat. after seven years of marriage, on july 16 you got your wish. a small boat, but you had the freedom you sought. we took a two week vacation, sailing aimless during the day, making love at night. you were truly happy then, and thus so was i. you soon got a promotion, and so we were able to repeat this vacation every year. life seemed perfect.  then you turned forty. six weeks before our vacation, a lump i found in your breast turned out to be breast cancer. you had a mastectomy, but the cancer had spread. you began chemo, and so for the first time in a decade, we skipped our vacation. we were never so sad. that year was no better, as the cancer proved too great. you were told it was terminal, but you battled for almost a year before accepting the inevitable. you told me you kept fighting in the hope you wouldn't have to leave me, and that just made me cry more. this was july 1st. you decided to stop chemo, and we made plans to go out to sea, one last time. on july 14, the cancer was nearing its end, and you were given two weeks to live. i held your hand, and asked you if you wanted to go out to sea. i'll never forget what you said. "i'm ready to go now." the doctors protested, but we went. you were too sick to steer the boat, so i did it alone while you lay on the deck. on the 12th day, you woke up in pain. i held your hand, and asked you what you wanted. in your left hand, you gripped your pain medicine, and said your last words: "bring me sea water-i'm ready to go now." i held you as you drank it, a smile on your face.
t3_4h6n2r-t1_d2nup9m-d2obt2l	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6018	just a personal note about this - i was diagnosed with breast cancer a couple of weeks ago and have been spending lots of time in the cone cancer center. those volunteers are absolutely amazing. i was in the waiting room a week or so ago and a group of men came through toting a cooler and a basket full of snacks to give out to everyone waiting for their appointments. i almost cried. cancer sucks, but it's given me a new perspective on human decency.   anyway yeah. hospital volunteers are the shit and i'll probably do it myself once i'm better. :)
t3_1m8ozp-t3_1m8ozp-cc9cp9l	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm entering on my own behalf.  about six weeks ago, my gyn informed me that i had an ovarian cyst that should be removed.  even though i have a family history of breast and ovarian cancer, neither of us was expecting it to be anything serious as i'm only 25.  still, the gyn ordered a ca-125 test which was 34 (35 is the cutoff point).  we still didn't think it would be cancer, but decided to act as though it were.  my gyn got me into a gyn/onc's office very quickly and surgery was scheduled for a week later.  i told the doctor that i did not want a fertility-preserving procedure if cancer was found.    when i woke hours later and heard my diagnosis, i realized how very far from home i was (about 5600 miles as the crow flies).  the good news was that it was stage 1a and chemo wasn't indicated.  the bad news was...well, pretty much everything else.  i was, of course, fired almost immediately even though i would have been able to return to work in just a couple of weeks (a shorter time-frame than how long it would take them to hire a replacement).  i'm flying back to my parents' house this friday and will be starting graduate school (online) on monday.  the plan was to start next semester, but i was able to bump it up since i'm not working anymore.  i'm not positive exactly what the future will bring, but i'm still alive, kicking, and recovering quickly.    fuck cancer.  it robbed me of a job i enjoyed and is pushing me back into my parents' house.  i know i should be grateful that my particular case has been so easy, but i'm not.  i'm very pissed off.
t3_11ke9x-t3_11ke9x-c6ncjyv	breast_cancer	relevant	0.8087	my aunt (dad's sister) has breast cancer and is going through treatment.   my other aunt (whom is not my aunt my marriage but my uncle lived his life with her, so technically(he passed away a few years back to lung cancer)) has double bypass surgery on friday.  my cousin whom is under 40 years of age just got diagnosed with breast cancer that has spread to her spine and liver. she's doing treatment.  my mother-in-law just had a biopsy done on her kidneys with possible kidney cancer in both of them, won't know for 2 weeks.  my grandmother-in-law was diagnosed with breast cancer a year and a half ago and went through a rigorous battle with hospitals due to the chemo being pumped into her chest cavity rather than where it was supposed to go. she nearly died 3 times and is in a lawsuit with the hospital, which she has nearly settled but for almost nothing. she, too, may still have cancer and is going back next week for more tests.  monday was my mother-in-laws biopsy and that morning her sister in law (my wifes aunt) was rushed to the hospital via flight due to a terrible car accident (she was high on meth and drunk). she had her 7 year old son in the back, he is okay but incredibly traumatized, beat up and bruised lung. won't eat or drink and barely speaks a word, just stares. she's in icu with a busted back, legs, ribs, and face. she's in a coma, and has bleeding in the brain. she may be paralyzed but if she's not she'll have 35 pins in her back and needs facial reconstruction surgery among months of rehab in hospital and out.  this year isn't turning out so good. i'm making 13/hr to supply for my family of 3, my wife is going to college while staying home fulltime with our 2 year old, our rent is 750/month and i barely take home 1600/month. i applied for a job about 5 hours from here, near her family but far from my own and i'm scared to take it due to my own insecurities. she has past flings/relationships and so do i, in the area. i know that i need to do it to benefit my family's situation and that if she is going to cheat or leave me she'll do it whether we are down there or not, and that's something i'll have to accept.  i've been through a lot in the last 4 years and it doesn't seem like i'm in the clear just yet... i don't know whether to stay where we are and wait for a job to come up, or take what i can to get more money and possibly lose my family over it all.  i wish i could scream outloud at work right now.  i don't have the worst life, at all, i'm blessed in fact. but it's been rough, lately.
t3_2qt77o-t3_2qt77o-cn9pbop	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with breast cancer at the age of 30 and pregnant. at that time it was stage 2. had surgery and chemo while pregnant. 3 weeks after i had my daughter i was due to start chemo again. told my doctor about a cough i couldn't seem to shake, had an x-ray and then found out i had lung mets which meant stage 4 breast cancer. i was told i would live 2 more years and would be on chemo until i died. i was devastated as i had a 3 year old and a 3 week old. well  i finished chemo a few months later and have had clean ct scans since. my kids are now 8 and 4. it's been 5 years since i was diagnosed and will be 5 years this spring that i was told i had 3 years to live. fuck cancer man!
t3_3ay63l-t1_csh1c0a-cshhakr	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7131	i was born and raised in a christian family and when i was about 14 my mom was diagnosed with breast cancer. we prayed about it and trusted that it was for a purpose, and long story short she made it and now our family who was falling a part a bit is closer together and my 44 year old mom is actually healthier and more energetic than she has ever been in the past ten years. whether you are religious or not believing that my moms breast cancer happened for a reason really helped us out during it and made it much less worse emotionally than freaking out. down vote me all you want but i would go so far as to say it was one of the greatest things that happened to our family and what we needed to stay together.
t3_2iwy5l-t3_2iwy5l-cl6agey	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	love the jerseys.  i have a sister that is a breast cancer survirpvir as well.  there are a lot of people who have been effected or had someone close to them diagnosed.  i bet they would do very well if they sold breast cancer og apparel.
t3_rhq9v-t1_c45xa7t-c45xpjk	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6744	there are more then one factor needed for certain cancers to grow. if you keep one of those factors from existing then even though the person may have all the other factors(genetics, environmental exposure) the person will not get the cancer. i have a friend who had breast cancer who is on a med to surprise a virus that if allowed to go unchecked would cause a recurrence of the cancer.
t3_1nkfg1-t3_1nkfg1-ccjide1	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6214	i cannot imagine losing my twin.  i was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2004.  she was diagnosed in 2008.  mine was in the right, hers was in the left.  she joked that was where our cell split.  you have to have a sense of humor when facing something like that.
t3_3ic748-t3_3ic748-cuf4j2j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7497	me!  when my fibro flares up i notice my migraines tend to get worse as well.   i was diagnosed with fibro while being treated for breast cancer at 35 bike had migraines since i was around 13.
t3_2kblmh-t1_clk03pd-clk3xoy	breast_cancer	relevant	0.666	i have breast cancer and am currently going through treatment hell.  what pisses me off is the education and prevention.  education stops at some cutesy ad about feeling yourself.  prevention is a mammogram.  no.  mammograms find cancer not prevent it.  even if you find it early do everything your doctor tells you, it can still come back and kill you.    no one talks about male breast cancer.  no one says 20-30% of breast cancer metastasizes and becomes terminal.  there is no cure.  it can come back and spread in a few months after treatment or 15 years.  this is not education.  it's smiling patients and jokes about breasts and bras.    no one educates the public about the emotional toll of cancer, the financial strains, the debilitating side effects.  it is sick that komen has taken a serious disease that killed her sister and made it about boobs.  many women with breast cancer hate the constant reminders in october.  hate the cutesy ads and promotions, hate that komen money is spent to raise awareness and not on research.  we don't need empty awareness.   instead of paying $35 to run a race for breast cancer, consider donating that $35 to metavivor.  they fund research for treatments for stage 4 cancer.
t3_30oqap-t3_30oqap-cpueua2	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8282	the angelina jolie cancer tits story is enraging because the subjects own view of it... her words verbatim:  "my doctors estimated that i had an 87 percent risk of breast cancer and a 50 percent risk of ovarian cancer, although the risk is different in the case of each woman."  so, after hearing this (no 100% proof of cancer, no positive biopsy), your only course of action was a double mastectomy? and while you're at it, do the full halloween pumpkin carving, and lose the ovaries aswell?  if this wasn't dumb, the reactions of "feminists" calling this self-mutilation empowering and something they are all should be able to do - i don't know. i think ant was kind saying the things he did.   would i wanted to hear dr. steve's take on it? surely. but keep in mind he is not an oncologist, he might have nothing to say about it.
t3_159gjq-t1_c7kivjn-c7kpk76	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6644	i understand that.  i have stage iv breast cancer and i never mention the small stuff to my family, nor do i update them unless i feel that things are getting out of control.  my diagnosis was 7 years ago, and at that time my youngest was 11 years old (i have three, now 25, 23 &amp; 19).  they were not told all the nitty-gritty details, but were told the basics.  as they get older, they are given more info (especially if asking).  they also lived with me, so there was no denying that i was ill from the chemo.  it is difficult to say how they will remember you if it is that bad, but don't make a decision based on that alone.  make a decision based on what is healthiest for you.  it also may depend more on their age and your relationship with them &amp; father now.  are you on speaking terms with the father?  can you talk to him?  do you see them regularly?  if you see them, they will probably be able to tell that there is something wrong.  i would be sad to know that you are seeing them and then stop because you do not want them to know.    i have so many other thoughts on this subject, but do not want to say anything that is not appropriate for your situation.  if you want to talk, or just vent, please feel free to pm me.
t3_16bion-t3_16bion-c7utj3i	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	learn to be independent and self-reliant.    * earn your own money, learn how to manage it well.  this includes a pension fund.   * teach yourself to do everyday maintenance (changing a fuse, fixing a dripping tap, putting up a shelf, etc.).  * learn how to change a tyre/check the oil/basic functions of your car.  (alternatively, how to re-chain your bike, fix a puncture).  * learn how to cook basic meals.  * find interests that you can pursue on your own, for your own betterment or just because you like doing them.  * acquire and maintain a toolbox of essentials.   get to know your own body, and take care of it as well as you can.   * be aware of illnesses and conditions that you may be susceptible to: endometriosis, ovarian cysts, breast cancer (check your boobs regularly!  or get a special friend to help).  * make sure to get a lot of calcium in your diet.   * familiarise yourself with your cycle.  * take the time to find out what turns you on the most, and how to achieve the best orgasms.  * find out what skin type you have, and don't fuck around with it too much - too much heavy make-up or oily lotion is as bad as over-use of cleansers.  * staying true to or slightly enhancing your hair's natural colouring/texture usually looks better than extreme colour/texture changes, and is healthier for your hair.  * dress for your body, not necessarily for fashion.  not all cuts/styles work on everyone, and ill-fitting clothes don't do anyone any favours.    try to surround yourself with people who are a positive influence in your life.  * don't succumb to drama queens and their craziness.  walk away.  * people who slut-shame you or anyone else aren't worth your time.  * don't stay in a bad relationship.  be on the look-out for abusive behaviours/early indicators of these.  * don't be afraid to be single.    * get to know a variety of people, and learn what you can from them about different perspectives on life.  * if possible, get to know some older women, and learn from them.  you don't have to take everything they say as gospel, of course, but they may have some interesting insights.
t3_29hlum-t1_cikz1d9-cikz76a	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i hadn't felt them recent (read 6+ months ago) but my boyfriend's mom does start chemo and radiation for her breast cancer (they found it in april) on july 7th so i could be worrying about that. i'm sure it is just something benign, especially since my closest relative with it is my great-great aunt and her daughter, but it is still scary :/  thanks for the kind words and quick reply! *internet hugs*
t3_1t8lkk-t1_ce5h49n-ce5i9nt	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so if i have 3 chances of getting breast cancer without a bra, i'd have approximately 4 chances while wearing one?  do i lose the extra chance if i take it off, or do they add up each time i put one on?  hopefully none of those chances are very big.
t3_40l0xx-t3_40l0xx-cyv1jo8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hell yes. and i suffer severe health anxiety. i have had chest pain and under arm pain since october, and was convinced i had breast cancer or lymphoma. i have had doctors check me out and a blood test and nothing came back other than liver issues. got sick over christmas and got pain all over, arms, legs, chest, abdomen, neck... still worried so seeing a doctor next week and i'm just gonna lay it on the table what my worries are. probably the worst thing to do, but it's driving me mad. don't let it get as bad... seek help if you can! i've had this a year now and keep freaking out. it's driving me mental. not good since i have a baby on the way now and my wife is tired of it.
t3_1ed6zn-t3_1ed6zn-c9z97w6	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5023	please bear in mind that just because your mother passed away from breast cancer does not mean that she, or you, have the particular genetic mutations that angelina jolie and others have. the brca1 and brca2 mutations are relatively rare. having one of these two mutations increases one's chances of getting breast cancer greatly, but not everyone who gets breast cancer, or is related to someone who has breast cancer, has these mutations.   typically, a doctor will advise being tested for a brca mutation if there is a long history of breast cancer in one's family (e.g. not just your mother, but also your aunts, grandmother, cousins, etc), someone has been diagnosed with breast cancer very young (typically younger than 40), or you yourself have a diagnosis of breast cancer very young. your mother's age when she was diagnosed, 62, doesn't raise any of the "red flags" for brca.  of course, if you are concerned, you can always be tested, and there are a number of options if you turn out to be positive. if you would like to read about those options (not everyone chooses the mastectomy route), i would recommend an organization called force (www.facingourrisk.org).   that said, i am brca positive, and only found out when i was diagnosed with breast cancer at 24. i did the same surgery that angelina jolie did. it's not a walk in the park, but a choice i felt was right for me.
t3_zgq2z-t3_zgq2z-c64kyh3	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been on the pill for about a year and a half now. i'm on a lower-estrogen formulation (alesse) because i have a family history of breast cancer so my doctor thought it would be best for me to use a lower dose.  i've been lucky in that i haven't had very many side effects. i hear many women complaining about weight gain, increased cramping and bloodflow, etc. and i haven't really noticed any of those. the one noticeable side effect i experience is severe emotional pms symptoms once a month. there's one day in my cycle when i seem to cry at the drop of a hat and even occasionally feel suicidal.  honestly, though, it's not so bad that it's made me want to switch pill brands or try a different contraceptive method. i've had good enough luck with alesse that i want to stick with it.  my doctor did tell me, however, that i should stop taking it after a few years and switch to a copper iud, because of the family history of breast cancer. i'm not looking forward to that but i understand why it needs to be done.
t3_b5pf7-t3_b5pf7-c0l3syy	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7506	the hard part for me, i think, wouldn't be that you've had mastectomies, but just the awkwardness that would arise from intimacy with someone who's body is outside the norm - to put it bluntly, most guys will have had no experience shagging a woman without boobs.  certainly, i would have no idea what's going on there... does a woman keep her nipples after a mastectomy?  are they sensitive?  should i touch your chest, kiss you there, or does that make you uncomfortable? etc.  as to your specific questions, the rest of the answers here are good: after two or three dates, before physical intimacy but after you've gotten to know each other enough to be interested.  try not to make too big a deal about it; don't be ashamed, and try not to be scared of the reaction.  be direct about it, and speak in clear language - some guys won't know exactly what mastectomy means.  along the lines of: "so, i need to tell you something about myself.  i have breast cancer, and i've had a double mastectomy.  which means, i don't have breasts.  i'm physically attracted to you and you deserve to know that about me"  ... or something like that.  tell him that he needs to think about what that means to him, and ask himself honestly whether he's comfortable with it, and if it's a dealbreaker that's fine and you're glad you got to know him or whatever.  i think i would immediately be curious as to what was going on there now - do you have nipples, are you scarred, etc.  you should answer some of those questions, as much as you feel comfortable.  then you should talk honestly about how you feel about it - do you feel inadequate, scared of intimacy etc.... you don't have to go into great detail, just sort of frame your point of view.  it would help to know that, just as i don't know exactly how to make love to a woman without breasts, neither do you.  some guys are breast men, and you're probably off their list, but most of us will see past it.  seriously.  if i'm into you, and if you're okay with your chest, then i will be too.
t3_2vm1hb-t1_coiyole-coizhif	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fucking this. to think that donated money is spent on their lawyers protecting their pink ribbon brand. jesus christ fuck them.   source: i have breast cancer and did my homework. fuck. these. guys.
t3_16ixyk-t3_16ixyk-c7wk93v	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	yes. i'm in that sort of situation now. last year i was diagnosed with stage ii breast cancer at the age of 25. (not genetic, no family history shocked? so were my doctors and me) my tumor was 100% estrogen positive (meaning the estrogen causes it to freak out, it's good news in that it's more treatable and less aggressive then others, bad news in that i have to be on estrogen suppressors for the next 5 years).   i did 6 rounds of chemo and 33 rounds of radiation last year. since people my age don't really get cancer all that often there is next to no research on how cancer treatment affects future fertility (most ladies are already post-menopausal or have decided to be child free). i chose to have some eggs frozen before i went into chemo and since i was a cancer patient they price was dropped to 1/4 of the price.   best case scenario, i'm able to carry children in 5 years. worst case scenario, chemo made me completely infertile. what bothers me is the uncertainty. my body might bounce back and i may have children of my own, but for now, my doctors can't even give me a percentage of that happening. the research just isn't there. it's infuriating.    i'm sorry this has happened to you. i know all about how unfair it is. at 16 you have a number of "childbearing years" in which there could be significant medical advances that could help you in the future. but, there might not be. if children is something you really want. you should look into getting some eggs frozen that can be placed in a surrogate. also, start making decisions now that will put in a good position to be in when you're ready to have a child. (i.e. good grades, college, a job, work ethic, life lessons, a place to live etc) good luck.
t3_xyqz2-t3_xyqz2-c5qxhog	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is why i'm glad i have universal health care :( my mom's breast cancer treatment, my broken humerus when i was six, my dad's knee surgery when he couldn't walk all paid for by the government. i can't imagine losing your child because of such an oppressive, uncaring ass-backwards system.. i can't believe that the richest country on earth has so many preventable deaths.
t3_3mnx86-t3_3mnx86-cvgmerx	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not immediate family so i don't know if "disowned" is a correct designation, but i refuse to have anything to do with  my aunt patty because she is a fucking bitch.   i never felt comfortable around her when i was a kid, but i loved my cousin james and we were really close.  when patty's husband died, she got remarried almost immediately and moved across the country.  she then proceeded to call her brothers and sisters and bitch them out all the time for not coming to visit.   when i was 14, my grandma (patty's mother) died and she refused to bring james to the funeral because it would "upset him too much."  you know what upset him?  being isolated from his family because his mom couldn't stand to not be the center of attention.   when i was 19, there was a big christmas gathering in my grandpa's town with all of his kids (seven total) and all the spouses/grandkids.  patty made a big deal out of telling him she wasn't coming but she was actually coming as a "surprise."  because clearly the most important part of the weeklong christmas was that patty miraculously showed up.  fuck, i hate her.  that christmas was the last time i saw james, and it's sad.   she discovered im about the time i was graduating college and basically would not leave me alone, but it didn't get really annoying until she started trying to gossip about family members.  she started iming me one day telling me about my uncle gary's second wife kate, and kate's four daughters, and how the youngest two thought they had the same dad but really didn't... or something... bla bla.  i told her i didn't think it was any of my business and didn't like the conversation, but she refused to stop.  i blocked her.  she called my dad screaming at him about what a brat i was (i was 22, and my dad told her she'd have to take it up with me).     she called and said she couldn't come to my wedding.  i told her that if she was planning on coming as a "surprise" i'd rather she just tell me now, because i wanted to make a proper seating arrangement.  she told me that she was going to come, but since i ruined the surprise, now she really wasn't coming and would also be "trashing the giant check" she wrote me.  i told her that was fine.  she did not come to my wedding and told everyone i had disinvited her.   when my granddad died, yup - surprise attendance at his funeral aftr telling everyone she was not coming.  then proceeded to hassle my aunt diane about her role as executor of the will (patty was insanely jealous that she wasn't the executor, but she'd lived 1500 miles away for 20 years - what the fuck?)   she got breast cancer a few years ago and wrote everyone in the family a long, whiny, pity-me email about how hard her husband worked to take care of her and said "no one in this family knows what it's like to be a caretaker of someone with cancer."  uh, my aunt diane was my grandmother's primary caretaker for three years while she tried to beat ovarian cancer.     she is a selfish cunt and if i never see her again it won't bother me even a tiny bit.  she has tried to friend me on social media and i just block her any time a new account crops up.  and i haven't spoken to james since we were about 30, at the time he was starting to behave just like his mother.  sad.
t3_1wvs80-t3_1wvs80-cf62rux	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a friend whose mom got diagnosed with breast cancer during her (my friend's) freshman year of college. she obviously had a lot of stress because of it and went home frequently whenever her mom had to have a serious surgery. one time her roommate got in a fight with her over the fact that my friend forgot to bring shelving after a weekend home. my friend stormed out of their dorm room and five minutes later she got the text from her roommate "she pulled the cancer card again."  the roommate tried to play it off like she'd meant to send it to my friend.
t3_3e5wpz-t3_3e5wpz-ctc2q9j	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.8404	my mother went off the grid for many years, so this would be way to long to type out.  she and her husband felt they couldn't get ahead - varous struggling businesses and his ex-wife constantly coming after him for money with a state-provided attorney, eventually resulting in a warrant for his arrest and him bailing out a 2nd story window.  so, they gather cash and max out the credit cards, buy an old winnebago and walk away from everything.  they had some connections on the ren fair circuit and did that for about 10 years, living a cash existence, upgrading/changing vehicles every few years.  it sounded like a romantic lifestyle but it was difficult.  he eventually got hired on a contract job in alaska building houses for locals (using fake id etc.) and came back to the states with $10k.  they took this money and bought 80 acres in southern colorado to set up a homestead (purchased in my name for legal reasons).  trying to make it in the middle of nowhere, with no money, a truck that eats fuel, and no job prospects within 50 miles made things tough.  he got a job as a cook in a shitty restaurant, walked up on a hill behind the camper one day and blew his brains out.  i flew out to rescue my mother, brought her back to live with me and learned she had late stage breast cancer due to no medical care all those years.  i still pay the taxes every year on that land.
t3_p7njd-t3_p7njd-c3naat5	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6627	i'm surprised there aren't more comments yet—but for those of you who don't want to dig through all the stories, i thought i'd copy and paste this one (its not mine btw, just thought it was worth putting in the comments):  &gt;eight and a half years ago, i walked into a planned parenthood for a breast exam.  &gt;it was my first time in a pp. i was living in denver and was between jobs. that’s not code for being lazy or stupid or unemployable. i had a masters degree and a series of good jobs in technology start-up companies. they were exciting to work for, but, proved not to be the most stable things. but i didn’t mind, because i was young and single and only had responsibilities to myself. i underestimated my need for stability and foolishly decided to not sign up for cobra health insurance in between jobs. “what was the point?” i’d ask myself. i was young and healthy, and new job was just around the corner.  &gt;then i found a lump in my breast.  &gt;“weird!” i thought. i remember calling my mom to make sure breast cancer didn’t run in our family. “get it checked anyway!” she told me. so i tried.  &gt;but without insurance it was hard. specialists all needed referrals. primary care physicians all needed insurance. i got one nibble of someone who would see me – in a few months for $400. screw that. it was probably just a cyst anyway.  &gt;then i remembered planned parenthood had sliding scales. i don’t know how i even knew this. one of my friends probably got their birth control there or something. so i gave them a call.  &gt;not only could they take me right away, the could offer me free care. they had a grant from susan g. komen for the cure that would pay for any breast exams, ultrasounds, and biopsies, if they proved necessary.  &gt;unfortunately, they did prove necessary. i was diagnosed with stage 2 invasive breast cancer. susan g. komen and planned parenthood worked together and saved my life.  &gt;- leena luther  &gt;leenaluther.com
t3_14t865-t3_14t865-c7h3d0p	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.5145	my mom had a partial hysterectomy when she was about 35, and monday she goes to find out if her breast cancer has metasticized to her ovaries and cervix to see if she will need the rest of the hysterectomy. if someone said anything bad about my mom and her cancer it would probably kill me inside. i am an emotional wreck as it is, i wouldn't be able to deal with people mocking her.
t3_27p2kr-t3_27p2kr-ci2z5w7	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6987	when i was pregnant my mom had breast cancer. she had a mastectomy that didn't heal and i had to pack her wounds every day. she finally had surgery to close them up. then a week before i gave birth her back went out. she had back surgery when i was 6 weeks pp and needed constant care because she fell so much. i had to help her to the bathroom, cook her meals, drive her to all her appts and push the wheelchair while carrying the new baby. i couldn't even leave the house for a few mins because she would end up trying to go to the bathroom and fall on her way there. she's had 2 more surgeries and she can finally walk without falling and i don't have to be here 24/7. i did all this while watching my niece, 4 months older than my daughter, 5 nights a week. i'm not going to lie, it is exhausting. if we had the money i would have hired someone to do it for me because i ended up having a nervous breakdown and screaming at my mom for the first time in my life.
t3_1qww0h-t1_cdhe3t5-cdhpuiw	breast_cancer	relevant	0.5097	damn, i dated on and off for quite some time with my friend for 7 years as well. she kept breaking up with me because things were changing a lot and we wanted things that would be really hard to do together, moving on to college, moving away to another college states away. but the last and final time was the worst. about 9 months of solid dating, going really well, finally going all the way (shows how invested we were in the relationship to go without it for 6 years), but then the last 2 months were grueling. a pregnancy scare (negative) that turned into her telling me that she has breast cancer. i was mortified, as her family has a dark past with the stuff. the next two months consisted of her being sick and going in and out of appointments and biopsies. all the while keeping me out of the picture, i wanted to help but she wouldn't let me. i talked to her in her weak state a total of 3 times in 2 months, despite trying to check up every other day. it was tearing me apart, but i still ended the conversations with "i love you". one day she stopped saying it, and i knew what it meant, just like the break ups before. we went out to eat, had a good meal, told me she had surgery and as of then she is cancer free, i had a huge smile on my face, but it soon went away when the meal was over. it sucked the life out of my summer. i saw her at the end of september where i worked at a huge fair, we locked eyes and i started trembling, not visibly, the feeling was piercing. but she looked as healthy as ever and i offered her and her family free donuts. i am happy she is ok.
t3_11gz9n-t3_11gz9n-c6mdqvu	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom had breast cancer and died from it. i am concerned that i will grow up with breast cancer as well. please note i am a 16 yo male. i have heard that males can develop breast cancer, however do you know if males have a lower chance to develop it?
t3_2chkri-t1_cjfobeu-cjfpxoc	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i once thought i had breast cancer. it was particularly alarming, because i was a teenage boy. i had read somewhere that guys could get breast cancer (although it's rare) and one day i noticed a lump. i was mortified. i could only imagine how much i was going to be made fun of.  i went to the doctor and everything, and it turned out that it was actually some extra muscle above my pectoral that developed faster as i was doing push ups.  tl;dr: thought i had breast cancer, but it turned out i have an extra set of muscles... ladies.  (sorry about that last part, i felt obligated to add it. the story is 100% true.)
t3_2rim57-t3_2rim57-cngzvqo	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7642	i was diagnosed with a very aggressive breast cancer at 23, and again at 30. while technically still pretty rare it is becoming increasingly more common and i don't recommend messing around with it. if something should be wrong your best chance to get to it at early as possible, and the longer you wait, the worse the treatment options become. by the time i found mine i was basically told my chances at 5 year survival were slim to none. please convince her to get it checked.
t3_1d6ch8-t1_c9nfvjk-c9ngxvv	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.6659	&gt; my mom was ecstatic that she got radiation instead of having to do a mastectomy  it depends on a lot of things, i know of someone who had a mastectomy to avoid chemo. she was fairly old, and just wanted to be certain the cancer would be gone, and she said that "she didn't need them anymore".
t3_2sl1y4-t3_2sl1y4-cnr8l7a	breast_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iv breast cancer almost eight yeara ago.  it all depends on her type of cancer.  if she is her2 positive, she will be given a type of chemo for a year...but the side effects arw minimal.  it is very confusing to those who don't do their homework, so they may not know what to tell you. breast cancer for dummies was a helpful book for me when the language was all foreign.
t3_1qhfkm-t3_1qhfkm-cdctcgr	breast_cancer	relevant	0.676	first off, i'm so sorry for the news. &lt;3  tell them whenever you feel comfortable with it. if it were me, it would be right now. your family can be a huge source of support getting you through this. and, i know how you must be feeling right now, but believe me - you can get through this.   please, don't let chemo scare you. my grandma is currently going through it for the second time in her life. the first time, they gave her six months, she lived 30 years. this time, she has one of the most aggressive forms of breast cancer, and the chemo has already made the tumor shrink to the point that it can't be felt by hand anymore (and it used to be big enough that i could feel it when i hugged her.) remember that *anything* is possible, and this is a fight that is 90% attitude. keep your head up. you will get through this, and anything you have to do to get to the end of it will be 100% worth it (: i know chemo and radiation sound scary, but it's just the means to an end.   again, i am so sorry. i'll be here, wishing you the absolute best and a speedy recovery.
t3_rgv0t-t3_rgv0t-c45ta5e	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there is a huge underlying hypocrisy from all the people hating on this because, “my mum/my gran/i had breast cancer and it's not a joke!” and that is: you only care about breast cancer because it affected you. otherwise, you wouldn't have given it a second thought and you certainly wouldn't have bothered to do that sponsored fun run without a sob story for motivation.  awareness like this is a way of making people who aren't affected give a shit. sorry if it's too light-hearted for your humourless pseudo-feminist sensitivities (lets give all that comic relief money back, eh?) but the 2nd hypocrisy is that you/they (hopefully) got through the ordeal, not through will-power, not through being brave but because of the research and development that went into the treatment you/they received.  the funding had to come from somewhere and it came from donations and selling things like this t-shirt. so if any of you have ever refused to donate to a charity because you didn’t like the awareness campaign, you deserve a resounding fuck you!
t3_exr3p-t1_c1bruhy-c1brx4l	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6431	do you work for the acs? lol  come on guy are you kidding or what?  yes, people are diagnosed with cancer and that makes it very real.  however, we would not be cancer ridden if a) we had proper nutrition, and, b) our malnutritioned bodies weren't under constant attack from toxins.  but, alas, cancer is big business!  there is no profit in the cure or prevention.  the profit is in the treatment. [this should be required reading](http://www.amazon.ca/switchover-anti-cancer-cooking-parents-children/dp/0879834005)  i had an aunt who was diagnosed with breast cancer.  she stopped eating meat and began using supplements, in particular noni juice.  she felt the cancer liquify and past it through her urine.  she is now cancer free.  she avoids as many toxins as possible and insures she has every nutrient her body needs.  just because there are more people in the world doesn't mean that now a third to a half of them should grow cancerous cells. . . give me a break.     so, with their $800 mil budget they haven't cured cancer and for free i just gave how to prevent it.  think about that.
t3_aqusp-t1_c0iyd59-c0iyfwn	breast_cancer	relevant	0.7477	i'm not here to discuss the pros and cons of a centralized health-care system. someone else will probably come along and do that soon enough :)  but just to play the devils advocate, what if your parents actually did a good thing when they told you to eat your vegetables? what if someone, for the greater good, does something that leaves a foul taste in your mouth - are they doing the right thing or the wrong thing?  to come with two anecdotes (and i know the plural of anecdote isn't evidence, thank you), my mother got breast cancer in the late 80's while working as a nurse on greenland. she had one of her breasts removed. some years later, she developed a bad back in her line of work, and had to leave her job.  recently my father have been diagnosed with some nasty arthritis in his fingers, which limits him in his job as a cook.  in both of the above cases, my society went in, gave them both treatment as well as a nice pension to match their loss of income. now me, as their freedom loving son, have never had to lift a finger, aside from paying my taxes, to ensure that they could maintain their quality of life.  as an individual, this has given me a huge amount of personal and economical freedom, that otherwise might have been impaired.  what would the cost be for you, if you had to support two close relatives who are unable to work, caring for their medical problems and maintain their quality of life?
t3_oty0o-t1_c3k97eo-c3k9b4s	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7605	it also creates a culture of fear. i pointed to the overall because my original point involved the heart. and i think it's valid. there's this tremendous fear around breast cancer and nothing for heart disease. malaria kills more people than all cancers combined but we hear nothing about it. breast cancer has become a phenomenon. if we really raised awareness for the most deadly diseases we'd hear more about those but we don't. the breast cancer campaign isn't about it being deadly. it's about it being popular culturally.  and it creates a culture of fear which i would be really surprised to see helps anyone. the idea that we have to be constantly checked and rechecked and rechecked for cancer causes hundreds of thousands of unnecessary procedures every year. we find a lump, it turns out okay, and we feel grateful. but we never think about the fact that we just had unnecessary procedures and sometimes surgeries which could have been avoided if the lump had been discovered during a more thorough yearly mammogram and had been examined without the pressure that a panicking patient causes.
t3_2t38zv-t3_2t38zv-cnvhqd9	breast_cancer	relevant	0.6638	not that i can relate to your situatuin directly, but somethig similar kept happening to my mother. 4 years ago this march she had a bilateral mastectomy after being diagnosed with breast cancer.....would you know, for two years after that, around mother's day, the pcp's office would call and say "well, because mother's day is right around the corner, we're offering free mammograms, and we would like to helpyou schedule an appointment."    it made my mother so mad and sad. she sobbed the first time and requested her name be taken off of the list....the following year, she lost it and screamed "when will you take my name off of the list, how many times do i have to tell you i don't have breasts!" i think they got the point then......    i'm sorry this happened to you!!!!
t3_43nsti-t1_czjqjbh-czjuhp5	breast_cancer	irrelevant	0.7565	tough shit... that's my dna you flaunting around and half your luck i decided to even make you. besides back in my day chances were you may have lost your tits to breast cancer but guess what thanks to technology we dont have that problem any more.
t3_1e9st5-t1_c9ybt88-c9yc031	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i said i should just leave it in. i know what the risks are. i also know where my tumors are likely to reoccur. thankfully, my cancer shouldn't come back. unfortunately, i have a very high risk of breast cancer later on and myelodysplastic syndrome.
t3_3fwipt-t3_3fwipt-cttpid8	breast_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a manager like that. .. it's almost as if she's looking for stories to be a part of like she needs drama in her life 24/7 . and when she does a good deed she talks about it all week long tells freaking clients... and i'm like it's none of there buisness she tells them about how her husband cheated on her with 8 girls. and i have breast cancer and she tells other clients and then ask them if they would like to talk to me about it if they have cancer wtf!!!
