t3_ue3wt-t3_ue3wt-c4usde0	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey stuckwithme1039,  i have been a redditor for a couple of years now and i never registered until today, when i saw your post about your dying father. i wanted to reach out to you because i am in the same boat as you. my father was diagnosed with colon cancer a little less than two years ago and here i am today, watching him suffer in his bed. my family and i have have tried all radiation and chemo but the cancer is so agressive. he is on hospice now and it's so depressing to see him like this. my father no longer wants to eat or drink anything and it looks like he only has a couple of days left (two weeks ago, the doctor said he had less than a month) anyways, last week, i went up to my dad and just started crying to him, telling him how much i love him and  that i admire him  greatly and that i am going to miss him greatly. i also mentioned that i was going to be there for my mom and my little sister who is only 13.  i am only 23 years old and i am scared shitless of how my life and my family life  is going to be when he passes.  i just wanted to say, i feel your pain and this is so difficult. it hurts so much. i am so sorry.
t3_35l7ko-t3_35l7ko-cr5j7xq	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandfather just turned 89 and is in a similar boat, op! he walks everywhere he can, he goes on two mile runs on his treadmill every day, he eats clean and even lifts. he's sharp as all hell and shows no sign of slipping mentally or physically. 13 years ago, when he was 76, he was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer which has only a 40% survival rate that declines with age. he beat it with one round of chemo and radiation. when he first got his pacemaker (around the same time as the cancer) they told him that it would probably be the only time he would get one, meaning he would die before he needed a new one. a few months ago he got his third replacement. he's had knee and hip surgery. i don't think i know anyone more capable of taking care of himself and others than him.
t3_1k03wg-t1_cbk2jkm-cbk65w3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.687	i have colon cancer history in my family, so i had no choice....it turned out the worst part of the exam is the "cleaning out" process. drinking bottle after bottle of some nasty stuff until you poop clear liquid....i was put to sleep for the exam and never felt a thing.
t3_2c8wu9-t1_cjd3sde-cjd3y8i	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was diagnosed with cancer i had surgery five days later.  that was in minnesota, but not for colon cancer, it was of the testicular kind.
t3_4mrqst-t1_d3xv1tk-d3y8vs7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	it depends on the type of cancer. my wife had colon cancer and went through two rounds of chemo plus assorted surgeries. it was around $400k per round so ~$800k total though i could be off as i didn't look at the total bill. we thankfully have insurance.  she is doing fine now by the way, all clear.
t3_1rpwpk-t3_1rpwpk-cdprl61	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad and i were never really close growing up. when i was 18, i found out he was diagnosed with colon cancer, and it made me become very close to him. the cancer has now moved to his liver, and although i'm scared there isn't much hope, i am thankful that i have the relationship that we have now. he's become one of my best friends.
t3_348w9z-t3_348w9z-cqsfcsb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.582	my best friend died of colon cancer at the age of 21. i was 19 at the time and away at college. i wasn't around as much as i would have liked during his final 6 months but i kept in touch. i would call him once a week and there were a few scattered texts through out the week as well. as it got closer and closer i would just send him a cheery message everyday so he would know i was thinking about him. his mom later told me he lit up every time his phone went off because he knew he was still in his friends thoughts.  as for you coping..that is a tough one. i was lucky enough to have a few close friends and a supportive boyfriend that supported me through everything. don't block people out, talking about it is the best medicine.
t3_1qw6zu-t1_cdh7x3u-cdhctj4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7502	agree 100%! on another note, some people are vegetarians because of health reasons. i'm vegan because i have terrible digestive issues and risk colon cancer if i don't take charge of my health. meat is hard to digest and as a bonus i've lost 35 pounds since january from eating healthier. i don't think i'm weaker because i don't eat meat. i'm actually proud that i do not have an emotional attachment to food and can't be counted as one more obese american.
t3_4v46m1-t3_4v46m1-d5vp5ek	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i rear ended a mini van and totaled my spectra. it was my first accident and i was on my way to a job i had barely had a week, being a broke college student with cheap liability insurance i knew i was fucked and could possibly lose my job and i just burst into tears. when the state trooper showed up he calmed me down and was just super nice. it was early february and he let me sit in his warm car while i waited for the tow truck and my mom to show up. i just found out last week that he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and it had traveled to his colon and stomach. he found this out right after his toddler daughter had open heart surgery and was still in recovery.
t3_395kgk-t1_cs31s2i-cs5bofb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i posted about my blood results in the main thread (all negative). i am feeling better than before but one thing that concerns me is that sometimes i have thin stools. like this morning i had completely normal thick stools then a few hours later i had pencil thin stools. i told my doctor about it and he said not to worry about it. i have read that some ibs suffers can have pencil thin stools sometimes and i have also read other scarier causes of it.  would colon cancer cause permanent thin stools? i am confused because most of the time my stools are not pencil thin but like sometimes after going my stool will be normal for 90% of the stool then some thin small pieces at the end or if i go a few hours later. thanks.
t3_3b8brt-t1_csjtdqn-csk83dl	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5106	even with all the replies, i would still recommend you go see a doctor just to be sure. you don't want to let it get worse if it's something bad. my mom passed away from colorectal cancer which could have probably have been treated before it spread has she not put off her colonoscopy.
t3_30pfi2-t3_30pfi2-cpv7yii	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7494	yep, my dad. he was an asshole when i was really little, paid very little attention to me. when he met his second wife he cut off contact with me and my sister. actually he only wanted to cut off my sister who was an annoying preteen at the time but my mom, rightly, told him you don't get to pick and choose your kids they're a package deal. nine years later when i was 16 he was divorced and tried to resume contact. i spent a weekend with him and called him out on shit for which he stood by his decision to take off on his kids. then we didn't talk for 12 years. he developed stage 4 colon cancer (my sister kept in contact and let me know). i sent him a letter trying to clear the air. he sent one back saying my mom was sleeping around when i was conceived and he's never believed he was my dad anyways. "i've always known i'm not your dad and i'll take a paternity test any day of the week" he said. he wasn't actually wrong about my mom, she did sleep with two other guys a few months before my conception and they had almost broken up over this, but they got back together and i got made. not to mention the fact i'm the splitting image of him.   that was three years ago and i actually really regret sending that letter. i did it at the time because my mom said i'd regret it if i didn't try to clear things up before he died. somehow the fucker pulled through his cancer and all i ended up with is rehashing all the shit i'd worked through when i was 16.  now every time i wake up and look in the mirror i see his goddamn face and then remember what he said.
t3_2tzfca-t1_co3pldo-co3tbnl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7444	colon issues since 2012, unsure what.  had polyps removed, everything has been benign, but just because there is no cancer doesn't mean things are good.  at mlg, i left early because i was literally bleeding out on stage, wife can probably attest to the hotel room looking like a crime scene.  i've had surgery now...3 times?  it's weird, some days i'll be fine, others not so much.  losing blood, i'm fatigued, can't bring that energy, etc.    i was supposed to have surgery the 8th and miss apex but because of the history of procedures and the lack of time in between, we're trying some new stuff and i'll find out in march whether or not i need surgery.  since the 8th, it started out rough, but i'd say for the last week, i've felt 90% or so, so hoping it keeps up.
t3_12ie4v-t3_12ie4v-c6vga15	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm sorry to hear she has cancer. i don't have experience with family having cancer or even so's. i do however have experience with a really good friend of my family who has passed.   a little background, i had known this man for a majority of my life at the time (he passed approximately 10 years ago possibly more) he had stage 4 colon cancer when he was diagnosed, the doctors said he had 6 months to live even with chemo. he lived an additional 3 years, long enough to see his daughter being born and to be almost cured before a person claiming to be a doctor performed some mal practice and essentially killed him. i don't know what happened to the doc but i believe he is in jail not 100% sure though.  now in regards to your situation i don't know if your so is considering all options or if she'd even considering trying it but below i have added a web address to the gerson treatment. it has been proven to cure cancer, hard part is it is illegal for oncologists to treat people with this treatment. i don't know exactly why but i think it has something to do with if u cured cancer all the money you get from peoples suffering would no longer be there.  i don't claim it works 100% of the time but i recommend checking it out do some research and who knows if you go through it and she gets cured you both could have a long beautiful relationship.  good luck!!  http://gerson.org/gerpress/
t3_k0nmb-t3_k0nmb-c2go2dg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5973	i have finally convinced my doctor to take me off bp lowering meds. earlier this year i was receiving chemo (and radiation) for a rectal tumor and i was visiting the oncology dept several times a week for saline infusions. as it happens, they did a bp, pulse, etc., each time and my bp was so low (96 / 60) that they called my chemo doctor in to see me. when he got there i knew why he was there and i told him i was ok, but i knew the secret to lowering blood pressure. he asked me what it was and i said, "i tell people how to do it and they don't listen. it's simple: **relax**." he chuckled and left.  however, more to the point, lowering your weight will lessen bp. but note, you will also be loosing some water, probably more than you should. while you are on fairly restricted carbs, you may need to take extra salt, e.g. 1 or 2 cups of chicken / beef broth a  day (**not** the low salt kind). and salt really isn't that big a deal with bp. that's an old nurse's tale.
t3_1kyz1g-t1_cbu3qp4-cbu3s78	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8058	i can go on webmd and find traits i have ranging from colon cancer to lyme disease.  i'm not a doctor so that doesn't mean jack shit.
t3_18jidx-t3_18jidx-c8g5xao	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hello everyone i'm a 39 yr old male i have stage 4 colon cancer and i'm currently on chemo, i've been getting treatments since july i lost track of the numbers for now. the meds i get are cetuximab 5fu eronitickin? and one other that i cant think of right now, man do those chemo weeks hit me hard, at first it wasn't so bad but now i'm usually just getting back to myself by the time i go in for the next treatment. my skin start to hurt like around my calfs and arms a sheet feels like sand paper on my skin at times. my face and body are broke out so bad i feel like im in uberpuberty i get weak and nauseous and i can taste the chemo taste in my mouth all the time. this my second round against colon cancer, the first time it was stage 2 and it was removed they said they took a foot and a half from my colon, two weeks after surgery i got an infection and spent 2 full weeks at the hospital with a drain bag hooked to me, but that cleared up and i started to heal from surgery and got to a point where i felt great better than i had in a long time, then a couple of months after my first check up scan i started feeling bad again i told my wife it was just like before, sure enough i get checked out again and i had a new tumor surgically irremovable, and apparently it was pretty big, but the chemos been working and has shrank a lot so hopefully i will be having surgery soon. so yeah one more here who knows what everyone's going through so if anyone wants to talk some things out i'm here for whoever...anyone/
t3_20jy99-t3_20jy99-cg41cf2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6578	i know you said your friends and family were supportive but sometimes people say things without thinking or realizing that it is a crappy thing thing to say to someone with cancer. anything like that happen? what should we never say to someone with stage 4 cancer? i ask because a friend (wife, mom of 2) was just diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer at age 32. you give us hope!
t3_4pviev-t3_4pviev-d4odjvk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.589	my sister was diagnosed with rectal cancer this year.  it's early enough that it's treatable but she's currently going through chemo and everything. she's suppose to get married this december; hopefully she still can.  i'm with you. **fuck you cancer**
t3_16r5bf-t3_16r5bf-c7ylvon	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7884	do you ever think that people should stop treatment/give up and if so, do you tell them?  i have a friend who recently passed from colon cancer and he spent 2 years fighting it up until the day he passed although pretty much none of his treatments ever worked.  sometimes i thought that he should stop treatment while he was still healthy enough to live life but no one ever said it to him.
t3_30ihdk-t1_cpt3m90-cptlyrn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	same boat. one night i was in so much pain from horrendous cramps i was crying while he was at work at the night shift. we work at the same place. i was supposed to come in when he got off, but i had been texting him that night saying how bad of a condition i was in. i'd start to fall asleep, and then, yep, suddenly my insides are twisting and being stabbed. he ended up staying at work until noon, so i could sleep an okay amount before coming in and taking his place.   other than that instance, he's really good about staying on me for what i can or can't eat. he's healthy as a horse and can eat anything. at a restaurant once, i ordered a pretty bad meal, and then to top it off, i wanted onion rings. (huge trigger food but i have no self control). he stopped me from ordering and tried to politely debate with me i should get something more bland. i'm a tiny thing, and the waitress was looking at him like he was the scum of the fucking earth. she probably assumed it was weight related, since he wasn't going to openly blab my business. i couldn't stand the look she was giving me and him about it...  but i had to sigh and say he was right and get a healthy side. he's definitely had to bring me remedy after remedy on the nights i order and regret it later.    people don't know what a relief it must be to have systems that don't throw a damn fit over a 30 minute meal! ibs is serious and the inflammation can lead to colon cancer and the like... remember to rest every now and then for yourself!
t3_16hynw-t3_16hynw-c7wdcp8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm so sorry. my brother died of exactly this 6 months ago. he was 37. my heart goes out to you.  he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer 3 years ago and at that time they had to perform surgery on his colon and liver to remove as much cancerous tissue as possible. he was terrified at the time. it was a huge shock.  it was a heartbreaking call when he first told me. his son will be 5 soon.   if i have one bit of advice it is to spend as much of your time enjoying your friends and family...now. i'm sure you will, but it's so important it's worth saying. i do have a question. have you considered alternative diets such as the ketogenic diet (e.g. http://www.medscape.com/viewarticle/749855)? i'll be bluntly honest i did not see chemotherapy do much for my brother except destroy his body. by the time my brother was desperate for an alternative such as the aforementioned diet, it was too late. he was too frail and his body had been through too much with the conventional treatments. just a thought.  stay strong! your one job now is to beat this. i really hope you do. again, my heart goes out to you:)
t3_4kallo-t3_4kallo-d3dxz95	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7427	my 13th birthday was a really great day my entire family was there and all the friends i had at the time. i got a new skateboard and probably some ps2 games. anyway i had no idea but that was the last time my whole family got together. my uncle had been diagnosed with colon cancer the year before and he had been getting a lot worse a few months aftery birthday. my dad was staying at my uncles helping my poor aunt take care of him. it was really strange it was longest time i'd gone without seeing my dad. it was a friday usually meant pizza and a movie my dad was coming home and i was excited to see him. i think i was in my room when i heard his truck pulling up i went went around to the front door opened it and saw my mom and dad were having a serious comversation i could tell from their faces something was up. so i went back inside and waited in the living room. finally they came in i hugged my dad and he told me to sit at the dinner table were going to have a talk. i had already prepared myself to hear that my uncle had died. then my dad said words i'll never un hear i'm sorry but i have found someone else tha i have fallen in love with and me and your mom are getting divorced. i remember i held my self together a while he kept explaining what was going to happen. finally i burst into to tears my mom was already crying my dad with a heavy look of shame on his face. then i remember hugging him like that would somehow erase the last 10 minutes of my life then then i just went to my room and laid down. my sister took it worse she was 18 and in college she didn't talk to our dad till 6 years later. obviously every thing had now changed my sister my sister bottled her self and didn't really come home anymore my mom bless her heart took it hard as well and started going out a lot more she made a lot of friends at a support group and was trying to rebuild her life. i don't blame her even though it ended up hurting me a lot. when i did see my dad it was super painfully awkward it was always with my new step mother and i didn't to be around but i didn't have a choice. so anyway this pretty much let to me being completely alone from 13 to 16 i couldn't drive and no friends lived in walking distance so every day when got home from school id be alone till i went to bead not everyday but most days. i put on a fassod and pretended i was fine but i was far from it. it's pretty heavily affected me up till now in my 20s i'm still trying to work through felt really good to just write this out thanks for reading.
t3_2d59kf-t3_2d59kf-cjn9fc2	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi. i'm doctorelliot, but not really a doctor; i'm the daughter of a terminal colon cancer patient.   my high: seeing guardians as well! i winced a bit at the beginning because i didn't realize that there would be a cancer part, but once i got past that it was amazing.  my low: dad spent entire weekend in the hospital. his common bile duct is blocked and it's impossible to stent. they said he has multiple lesions around the liver and possibly elsewhere. i got to see him cry, then tell me to leave the room (multiple times) because he didn't want me to see the macho-parent-figure not be strong. it was extremely hard.
t3_3wkhaq-t1_cxxn45c-cxxqnu0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5083	first let me say that i'm sorry for what you've had to go through. my dad had colon cancer and was diagnosed when i (youngest of four) was seven years old. he was diagnosed sometime in june/july but didn't tell my siblings and me until end of august. i personally think they should have told us earlier, especially because my siblings all knew something was wrong (they were around the ages of 9, 12, and 14). most important thing is to keep them in the know. don't hold back because you think they can't handle it.   my parents didn't put any of us in therapy but it's always an option if someone is having a hard time. i know i personally felt like i could talk to my parents about how i was feeling but sometimes that isn't easy and a therapist makes it easier.  best of luck to you and yours. i'm only 17 so i'm not sure how helpful and effective my advice will be but i'm rooting for ya.  edit: changed a word.
t3_2nmk46-t1_cmfklhw-cmfyvy7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7629	wow. that's really uncaring. i was diagnosed with colorectal cancer earlier this year and i've been lucky to be surrounded by supportive people. if someone acted like that and i heard about it, it'd break my heart. you have every right to feel upset because someone you care about is going through cancer.
t3_3jhuad-t1_cuprfr3-cupvc91	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ah. ok. i was just wondering because i worked on a stool based colorectal cancer screening test that was approved by the fda last year and it would have been neat to come across someone randomly on the internet who had used it.  also, you probably should get screened again soon if that was 4 years ago. if you had had a clean scope it would be longer, but you didnt have one.
t3_1o0ohp-t1_ccpys7e-ccq7qxe	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6876	well robot-assisted surgery and laporoscopic surgery, in general surgery, have shown similar outcome measures (but robot-assisted is more expensive) [1]. for cancer surgery in the colorectal tract i found an article claiming similar operating times for open, lap and robot, but fewer complications in the lap and robot groups [2]. in urological surgery, which what i was reffering to above even thought i didn't actually say so, the complication rate is similar in open and robot surgery [3]. depending on which type of surgery you are performing robot-assistant surgery may be better or at least not worse than open or laparoscopic surgery on average.  however, what i think is important is the time it takes to learn the procedure. lumen et al found that junior surgeons who had participated in their training program performed as good as their experienced surgeons did with their golden standard procedure, open surgery, for prostatectomies [4]. there are more studies giving similar results [5].  i believe all people who use a robot is well versed in how to perform laparoscopic procedures, and have at least a basic understanding for how an open procedure should be performed. i'm not saying that the training period should be shortened, i'm saying that surgeons learn robot assisted surgery faster and performs better with it than they do with open surgery, which is a good thing for patients. should they need to convert they should know how to, but i assumed that was implied that i wanted surgeons to understand what they were doing.  [1] mirnezami et al. robotic colorectal surgery: hype or new hope? a systematic review of robotics in colorectal surgery. colorectal diseases.  [2] seok pak et al. s052: a comparison of robot-assisted, laparoscopic, and open surgery in the treatment of rectal cancer. surgical endoscopy. [3] froehner et al. perioperative complications after radical prostatectomy: open versus robot-assisted laparoscopic approach. urol int. [4] lumen et al. safe introduction of robot-assisted radical prostatectomy after a training program in a high-volume robotic centre. urol in. [5] sarle et al. surgical robotics and laparoscopic training drills. journal of endourology.
t3_47uqrt-t3_47uqrt-d0ft2xv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7593	i had 10 inches of my colon removed bc it had cancer in it. so i guess i'm better off bc it saved my life.
t3_4l4qux-t1_d3kfhza-d3koda5	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	damn, this is super depressing. especially if she is young-ish. like, my grandfather got diagnosed with colon cancer in his 80s, and he chose to go without chemo and tried some homeopathic type remedies. i don't think any of them really worked, and he eventually just stopped trying. he just really didn't want to the misery of chemo in his last years/months. but, he was in his 80s. he was ready to go. it's hard to imagine someone younger (as i'm assuming this fitness instructor is) who would be willing to take the risk of not doing chemo. :(
t3_2uesrl-t1_co7q7uy-co7qh0f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if that was a long time ago with no worsening symptoms or symptoms of anaemia since, then you can be a little bit more reassured. still if you're in the at risk age group (middle age and up, depending on your local screening protocol) you should keep up to date with your colonoscopies.  and any blood in your stool at any age should have colon cancer ruled out. statistically speaking it likely was haemorrhoids but no harm running it by your doctor
t3_3mwbkp-t3_3mwbkp-cvj93o3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.801	go to the doctor, now.  it may be nothing. i assumed mine was hemorrhoids. it wasn't. i waited several months before going to the doctor, and ended up with stage 4 rectal cancer instead of something treatable.  colonoscopies suck. cancer sucks way more. get a scope, get peace of mind, or at least get an early diagnosis.
t3_x1qz2-t3_x1qz2-c5iek3w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this happened to my dad--i noticed and didn't say anything.  now he has stage 4 colon cancer which is very very treatable when caught early. :(
t3_pn345-t1_c3qptpg-c3qqzj8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had stage 3 colon cancer, and nothing out of the ordinary, really. i had backaches, but i've had them for years with a pinched nerve and spinal degeneration.  i remember one morning after working in the yard over the weekend having a really bad backache, and then my legs shaking like crazy, but i thought it was just a combination of the cold weather and my bad back. my blood pressure was up, but it's been up for years on every medication they had.  my doctor couldn't figure out why anything he tried wouldn't bring my blood pressure down so he sent me for tests to see if i had some other problem.  one of those tests was screening for blood in my stool.  i turned up positive, so he sent me to a gastroenterologist for a colonoscopy, and it turned out that i had a polyp in my sigmoid.  surgery and 6 months of chemo, and here i am.   cancer for me just felt like every other day.
t3_3j7t2d-t1_cunmplt-cunp656	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6134	cool.  i missed the last inhaler because it was taken off the market before i heard about it.  i'll discuss this one with my doctor next visit.  though checking the web, i may not be able to use it at all because of my lung cancer.  (technically, colon cancer in my lungs, but it still might not be recommended.)
t3_tmehl-t3_tmehl-c4nwgk5	colon_cancer	relevant	0.603	my grandmother had alzheimer's, and my grand dad was diagnosed with colon cancer.  we had to switch venues whenever it came to them, i think i lost out on a lot of schooling in my high school years but i've never been happier.  while my grandpa was in recovery after his surgery outside of town, my aunts would stay with my grandmother while we're with him.  we'd switch every day or sometimes every few hours, and my grandmother always knew something was missing.  she couldn't really talk anymore, so she used to express herself by singing.  she didn't sing words, she'd just.. sing.  it was amazing.  when my grandpa (before he got really sick) was around, he used to sit by her bed and read a book, and once she started to sing, he'd stop, listen.. and as soon as she went quiet, he'd read again.    anyways, he was dying, they caught the cancer too late, he wasn't able to speak or say goodbye, but i was there when he left.  once we all gathered to see grandma, she'd sing, but she finally sang his name over and over, possibly because she felt that he was gone.  a few months later, she left too.  deep down, she knows who everyone is, its in her heart.  just keep that in mind.  :)
t3_3vz0u2-t3_3vz0u2-cxslss5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.68	a very similar thing happened with my dad last year. he had surgery for colon cancer that went fine but later developed sepsis and ended up in a coma. it was awful. he slowly recovered but apparently being under heavy sedation for a long period of time leads to some pretty serious issues, including a loss of muscle strength. my dad had trouble getting around before but now can't stand unaided and can barely walk. this means he can no longer live in his isolated mountain home filled with stairs.   for awhile my he was staying with my younger brother, who owns a house, but that wasn't working out and actually almost destroyed their relationship, so i found a two bedroom apt and my dad moved in with me. we split the rent and bills just like roommates and so far it's worked out well. but my dad doesn't require any caretaking really. obviously i want him to live forever but honestly i hope he dies before his body or mind fails completely. i know that sounds awful but i have no idea what we'll do if he requires long term care. none of us can afford it.
t3_4z2m6r-t1_d6t1wze-d6t5bcz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	jezza once thought he had colon cancer after he ate beet root. but afaik he didn't tell anyone before figuring it out.
t3_d06so-t3_d06so-c0wkqkb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8044	my ex wife was a surgical nurse and she worked a lot with gastro doctors. they had a patient that previously had rectal cancer and had his colon removed it was replaced with a colostomy bag on his side.  he was returning for additional surgery  to remove genital warts from the colostomy because he had been letting is partner still have sex with him.  at least thats the story i was told.. nasty.
t3_lwd4e-t1_c2wtpma-c2wzi9u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i went to see a doctor today and from the ultrasound they couldnt tell if it was a tumor or stool at the end of my colon and i need a colonoscopy.  i have no idea what im going to do at this point.  i cant afford a colonoscopy here and the doctor said a hospital will not take me without insurance because i dont have an accute condition right now(i am not bleeding right now) and that i should go home.  then i said that i cant go home..my ticket is nonrefundable. so idk what im doing now.  i might just hope for the best and take care of it when i can in december.  where are you located in germany? i am in gifforn germany(30 min outside of braunschwig) and i think the hospital here in gifforn is very small and wouldnt speak english or anything and my girlfriend does not know how to translate these medical terms.
t3_1lgocs-t3_1lgocs-cbzj49b	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	first of all... **congrats!!!!!!** it's your first birthday and no matter what the fact that you beat it is the best thing! :)  don't worry about comparing your experience with others... everyone has a different road they go down while battling!  my first bought with cancer i was fortunate that my parents caught a change in my bowel habits (i was 12 and oblivious to anything) by 14 i had massive polyposis of my colon... it was a time bomb of bad things... i had 2 surgeries and was cured of colon cancer... no chemo... no radiation... but surgery. (which i honestly don't remember much about that whole thing... maybe it's because my life has been insane ever since... or i just don't dwell on it all... it could be chemo brain too...) annnnyway.... celebrate that you made it! :) life is the best gift and give thanks to those who helped in your recovery :)   i say have cake! :) celebrate that you've survived and kicked ass! :)  (i seriously don't understand how anyone could downvote this! boo on them :p )
t3_em585-t3_em585-c19992n	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	well this seems timely. on the third of january at 9am my father will go into surgery to remove his colon cancer. evidentaly, the radiation treatment was ineffective. he's told me he's scared. of going under. of the outcome i suppose. i am too.   he's gone through hell to get where he is. just this month he's finished his university degree in nursing. he would have graduated, but cancer got in the road. he was an alcoholic. went through the salvation army, the 12 step program and aa twice. he completed it the first time, and lapsed back into the depths. i feel that he's in the same position. except this time he isn't at fault. he went through the program the second time, found his peace, chose his path of nursing and smashed the bitch. he's was offered a permanent position at a major hospital here in psychological care next year. i hope he can still live to help others.   on behalf of redthrowaway, thank you everyone for your suggestions and your thoughts. i've told my fiancee, and a friend of mine who honestly hasn't brought it up since. what do people typically do here? is this something you tell people? i haven't told anybody here at work. maybe after the surgery. cancer is such an unjust thing. it leaves so many emotions brewing around my head. i feel that whatever i do, spend this weekend with him for instance, will leave me upset. so bittersweet. redthrowaway i'll be thinking of you, your father, my father, and if you'd allow me to, praying for you all. i'm 26 as well. if you need to chat, i'd love to. i'm just as confused as you are. never lost anybody close to me. i've been dreading the day. i think i'm going to go for a walk. peace out :')
t3_31ct2e-t3_31ct2e-cq2avvd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's excellent news, congrats! i was diagnosed at 23 with stage 1 ovarian cancer and it was a hard time to wait in the results of genetic testing for lynch... i thought for sure i had it because colon cancer runs in my family but i was negative! saved me years of colonoscopies lol
t3_3ncid1-t1_cvn8dyi-cvnahif	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i mean it is possible, i highly doubt they told you you had colon cancer but more likely to get tested in case.
t3_11bqou-t3_11bqou-c6lelx5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7403	i was in college, my second year, when i got married the first time. i rushed into that marriage because my dad was dying of colon cancer and i wanted him to be able to go to the wedding. his health deteriorated very shortly after the wedding, like he was just holding on long enough to make it to the wedding. he ended up dying while we were on our honeymoon.  i got pregnant shortly after that, and as soon as my husband found out, he left for someone else. i had nowhere to go. i was severely depressed. my mom let me move back in with her. i wasn't able to finish college then; i just didn't have it in me. my mom paid my bills, helped me get back on my feet, taught me how to be a parent, and when i was ready, helped me get back in college. i'm remarried now and i have another kid. my mom's helped my family continuously since then. my husband and i are both about to graduate college and when the fall rolls around we'll finally be financially independent. without my mother's assistance and continued support, there's no way we could have done it. we'd still be working crap jobs, and be no where near a degree. and she didn't have to do any of that - they were my mistakes that led to this very long path. and all that she's asked in return is that i do the same for my kids - offer the support and love needed to make progress.  edit: we flew home as soon as we found out. we wouldn't have gone on our honeymoon at all if we'd realized he had so little time left. i knew that his health was bad, but it didn't occur to me just how close he was. a part of me still had the silly notion that he was somehow going to pull through.
t3_4xh2xp-t1_d6g5f9j-d6g7z9q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6113	thank you so much. yeah, i had the abnormal pap and they said it's the kind that normally resolves on its own, but they wanted me to get a colposcopy. 50% of people i talked to were like get it this horrible thing could happen (my mom being one of them, but she's extremely hypochondriac too—wonder where i get it from?) and 50% of them were like, just get another pap within about 6 months.   not having health insurance really sucks. i'm applying for the state health plan but haven't heard anything yet, so we'll see.  this morning (sorry if it's tmi) i had a bowel movement and there was *so* much blood (at least, it looked like a lot to me), almost like i started my period (but i hadn't)—however, everything i'm seeing says anal fissures (also can be anxiety/stress induced.) it was bright red and not in the actual bowel movement itself, and i've had slight tinges of bright red when i've wiped in the past. so it must be anal fissures or internal hemorrhoids or something, but a good friend of mine who was a year younger than me died from colon cancer when she was 25 or 26, so obviously when i saw the blood i started shaking and freaking out and had to calm myself down.  my boyfriend is telling me (about the blood) to go to the doctor and just deal with any medical bills that might pile up, but the other thing about living in the us right now is that going to the doctor means taking time off work which means losing money, and if you don't have health insurance then you're taking time off work to go into debt, essentially, so it really sucks. but i'm probably going to have to bite the bullet. i have ibs in my family and have a pretty sensitive tummy, so it could easily have something to do with that.  i'll also say, i think it's interesting to think that a late period and these possible anal fissures are due to stress...i don't necessarily feel stressed or anxious, but then again, i think stress/anxiety are my normal. :/   i will absolutely pump up the exercise. everyone tells me how much better it makes them feel. it's stupid hot and humid in the midwest right now (can hardly breathe outside) but some at-home youtube workouts will suffice, i bet. :)
t3_1va8ss-t1_ceqgg4e-ceqgmyg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wow, sorry to hear that :/. they say because of my crohns i am super susceptible of contracting colon cancer at some point in my life, if i have any intestines left when i get to that point lol. hoe long since you were diagnosed?  good doctors are too few and far between now days, so hang on as long as you can my friend. also did you see a psychiatrist? if so did it really help you that much? i can see it being nice getting a few things off my chest that i cant really tell anyone, but am kind of skeptical. im gonna do it though as i now have insurance. so anything that helps!  i hope youre having a pain free day my friend! thanks for the response.
t3_1kmniv-t3_1kmniv-cbqm9b8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	this april on the  day i was diagnosed with cancer. i had just came home from the hospital after having a third of my colon removed, and i get a phone call from my surgeon telling me i have colon cancer and that it was in my lymph nodes. i realized in that moment that i have spent my whole life doing just enough to get by and i was never going to just wake up one day and stop being a lazy fuck. i withdrew from school, saved my g.p.a with my schools medical withdraw policy, and i am waiting to finish chemotherapy so i can get back in school and achieve my full potential.
t3_3r66o4-t1_cwldm38-cwlf73x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	ex bf got colon cancer at 26. doctor told him it was because of his diet. he still didn't change his diet.
t3_2gm281-t1_ckke5bg-ckkeatn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah i'm going sunday. it's a bit far but it's the only day i can go.   i'm scared i have colon cancer but i feel i'm a bit young for that.  i forgot to say i have ibs (which is pretty important, my bad).
t3_2o5cxb-t1_cmjw5u6-cmjy0dy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm doing something similar. i just picked up cancer insurance for about $8/month through my employer, but i don't plan on keeping it forever. i should have my first colonoscopy next year, and my dad had colon cancer. as i've never been checked before, it seemed like &lt;$100 to have coverage in case they actually find anything makes sense -- especially since i'm paying for my daughter's college right now. if everything looks fine, i'll not continue it next year.
t3_2asowd-t1_ciyi37h-ciyvhhg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	can also happen with beetroot. jeremy clarkson of top gear fame wrote an article about this happening to him the morning after his wife made roasted beets. he said he assumed that he obviously had bowel or colon cancer and would be dead within a week, he said he was trying to work out how to break it to his family when his wife walked past and said "bloody hell do those beets turn your shit red or what?"
t3_3oyi2s-t1_cw1sl3z-cw1sur2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes. he had cancer and went through treatment and that went "away". it has now spread from his colon to his liver. i guess there might be some exact definition but "average life expectancy is 2-3 years" [link](http://www.twitlonger.com/show/n_1snlj3r) is what he said in a tweet.
t3_swj4d-t3_swj4d-c4hl225	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	guys i have rectal cancer and smoke weed to help with the chemo, let me just say i not only find this post offensive and completely distasteful, it is downright wrong. smoking weed makes most people better at video games assuming regular use. i encourge more of you nerds to smoke up because it might actually help you play better
t3_4zm1mc-t1_d6xmqxe-d716dij	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	went into the er as i hadn't pooped (for nine days)! doc was concerned it was blockage, but nope just plugged up (parkinson's fun). ct scan showed colon was good, but er doc had "oh by the way, you might want to have that tumor in your lung checked out". wtf?
t3_35q7qw-t1_cr6xdrk-cr6zqht	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7445	that was me. lost my dad to colon cancer when i was 17 and my mother developed lymphoma when i was 18, luckily, she's now in remission. no one really gave a shit.
t3_2tctru-t1_cny4q3s-cnyenou	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it was colon or liver cancer then there wouldn't be a connection. since it was pancreatic cancer though i think there is some causation. i don't think everyone on that diet will get pancreatic cancer and obviously people can get it without being a fruitarian, but i do think it can increase the risk.
t3_29t4bp-t3_29t4bp-ciom92u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this happened last night to me. i was just hanging out with my family. i just got cleared a clean bill of health because i thought i had colon cancer and my colonoscopy came back negative on the 2nd. all of a sudden a feeling of impending doom came over me and my stomach started twitching. i started to feel ill and went to sit down. my heart started racing and felt like it was about to beat out of my chest. my wife saw the look on my face and began to hug me and say that im going to be ok. i started to breath and relax. i really felt like i was going to die. i was terrified. it sucks because my family has a history or cancer (lynch syndrome) and my mother &amp; some of my aunts and uncles passed away from it. i was just cleared that i'm healthy but those fucking thoughts effect me subconsciously or something. its very unnerving to have your mind hijacked this way. i wish i could control it, because its very frustrating.
t3_1aexow-t3_1aexow-c8wruwx	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7909	i am 44 years old.  i was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer on december 25th, 2012.  i have been given 3-5 years to live.  i am scared of suffering an extremely painful cancer death since this cancer is also in my liver.
t3_v51pm-t3_v51pm-c51nou3	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6538	a few years ago i was getting a ride back from a family event by an older cousin. he was on the phone with another relative of mine and he keeps hinting different weed innuendos(blunts, spots, the metric system) until he finally hung up. after an awkward moment or two he asks how my 19 year old brother (i was 14 at the time), was doing at college in buffalo. i told him he seems pretty good and he asked if i heard what he was talking about on his phone. i said no in which he explained to me that him and said relative of mine were going to get high later on that day. he then, asked if i did in which i had replied with a stern "nope!" (i was still going through our public education system's anti drug campaign). he was surprised and asked if i knew that my brother did it. i was floored. my stomach dropped. i didn't know what to say. i asked if he could take me home instead of to the restaurant we were planning on going to. he dropped me off and i went to my room thought about the situation as a whole. i figured he was in college which gave him the privilege to take part in whatever substances he wanted and overlooked it completely. i never talked to him about it but i was reminded all throughout high school that he'd done it. then, at the summer before my senior year of high school three days before my birthday i found out that my brother was diagnosed with a minor form of colon cancer. a malignant tumor was found in his colon and he had to go through surgery along with six months of radiation treatment. an ulcer on top of the tumor caused blood in his stool which was the main reason why it was detected at such an early stage. he stayed five days in the hospital, one of which being my 17th birthday. all throughout that week he was complaining of the side effects of the different painkillers(various opiates), more than the pain itself. after day seven was up he came home and sat down to have a talk with my sister and i. he told us that the entire week he had felt horrible because of the pain killers until now because he smoked pot. after telling him how i already knew he cursed my older cousin and asked if i had ever tried in which i replied a stern "nah...". this surprised him greatly and he reminded me that it would effect my grades negatively if i started out. he eventually told my parents who were fine as long as it was just because of the treatment(it wasn't ;d), and i went through 11 months of my senior year of high school without taking so much as a puff. one saturday in may i get a call from one of my best friends who had a really good flavor of marijuanas and wanted to know if i was interested in trying. i was never really against it after i saw the medical capabilities that it had but i never did really have a desire to try it until that point. he picked me up, we went to the park with some others, and he whipped out this shitty metal pipe for us to pass around. we sat down at a bench and looked at the clouds. it was the most beautiful overcast i had ever seen.
t3_em585-t3_em585-c195okf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6653	i don't think you can prepare much, honestly. i lost my mom to colon cancer when i was 17 after a long battle. it was super tough, towards the end she had no clue who we were and was barely recognizable to us as well. just hold his hand, talk to him. somewhere in his head he does know that you are there with him. years from now you will be comforted knowing that you were at least able to spend some time with him in the end.
t3_ebzsi-t3_ebzsi-c16zh4y	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	at the very least, record her voice, talking about those she loves. it doesn't have to be more than a few minutes each. i would do anything to hear her now saying, "i love you" or saying something nice about me.  it might allow your mother to move from anger and grief to seeing that she could have a tangible lasting gift for those she loves.  my mom had colon cancer and passed over 2 yrs ago. i think about her every day, she had less than a year after the diagnosis. we were close and she is greatly missed by the whole family. i had this idea at the time but didn't follow through. i thought it should have been video but she didn't think she looked very good. i should've recorded her voice in anyway i could.
t3_2hqqw0-t3_2hqqw0-ckv5u1r	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed a year ago with type 1. i don't feel ashamed, i inject/test in public and if people have a problem with it they can get fucked.  i do get angry &amp; depressed at times because i have other health problems &amp; diabetes is just one more thing to deal with. as far as talking to people, if they haven't got diabetes they don't fully understand and i find them pretty useless. i just deal with it myself &amp; answer stupid questions from the aforementioned people. there's really no reason to be ashamed though (t1 or t2). you wouldn't be ashamed if you got cancer but you would probably have a right to be ashamed if you gave yourself rectal trauma from trying to outdo goatse.  diabetes is an illness you didn't ask for and if anyone else has a problem, just adhere to my motto - they can get fucked.
t3_7gjrf-t1_c06lvoi-c06lwc6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i guess when my granddad died of colon cancer it wasn't due to some malady, it was because he just didn't give a shit.
t3_231x3b-t3_231x3b-cgsmgqv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	how you feel is never, ever stupid.  it's how you feel and so it's important.  many people have depression and don't know why.  when i was 14, my grandparent's committed suicide, my bf had sex with me then dumped me and dated my best friend, all within a few months.  i became severely depressed, started cutting and had suicidal ideation.  i really wanted to die.  everyone was saying that they understood why i was depressed after everything that happened, but i wasn't depressed about what happened anymore.  i had gotten over all that, i was just still really depressed and didn't know why.  now im 18 and my mother's ms is killing her, my father has colon cancer and i'm not doing as well in my first year as college as i'd hoped.  i just started taking anti-depressants not too long ago and they are helping.  listen to me, it gets better.  it will be ohkay.  you deserve love and you will find it.  i know what it's like to want to die more than anything.  i know what it's like to feel pain so deeply, to cry every night and feel alone even in a swarm of people.  you're going through something that many many people go through.  i could never "accurately explain" my depression, it's so very difficult.  i know what it's like to think of suicide as the cure, but it isn't.   i know what you're going through, at least somewhat.  if you ever want to talk, i'm always here, just send me a message.  i'm not trying to be creepy, i just know what it's like to be alone and i want you to know that you're not.  i might not know you, but i care about how you're feeling and i care about you're life.  if you want to talk, just contact me.
t3_ma1f7-t1_c2z9t9c-c2z9u8a	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	yeah, its hard but it makes you stronger right? my father died of colon cancer 5 months after he had surgery to remove the tumor. he was fine after the surgery, but the chemotherapy had made his organs so weak he couldn't fight off the remaining cancerous polyps. im interested in becoming a doctor so i can go into cancer research to prevent this from happening to anyone else.
t3_8zb95-t3_8zb95-c0awqk4	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that had spread to his liver.  his diagnosis was grave.  within two weeks he had a major surgery to remove the cancer from his colon and remove one lobe of his liver.  then he had 6 months of chemo.  he is fine now and his doctor even calls him 'miracle man' as that was two years ago.  also, our out of pocket expenses were limited to parking and meals.  &gt; his diagnosis was grave  **edit** his **prognosis** was grave.
t3_3hono2-t3_3hono2-cu9813f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	are you serious? at 20 i thought i was going to die from some stupid diagnosis some stupid doctor thought up based on nothing. i was addicted to narcotics and benzos for 5 years with chronic pain no matter what pills i stuffed down my throat or how much i drank. i forced myself into a gym even tho it caused me more pain, i ate shit that flared my disease with the healthy foods i was supposed to eat to be what i wanted to be. i went to the er 2 to 3 times a months for morphine and dealt with shit from the doctors with them thinking i have drug seeking behavior when i just wanted the pain to stop, i just wanted to be a normal 20 year old  i fought tooth and nail and literally lost my sanity. you want motivation? stfu and just do it, you don't let your mind sway you one way or the other , you have one goal and that's it but that one goal is really a bunch of small.goals...5 pounds at a time..one healthy meal at a time..there are no fad diets...only counting calories and eating right...exercising hard and feeling tired but good about it...and little by little for the rest of your life you better yourself and push yourself further....i know u can because i did it...so stop this * i need motivation bs* ...its simple...just choose to do it and stfu with the excuses...you.know what fucked  me up? my doc telling me i had colon cancer but he couldn't find it.....it wrecked me... but i didn't accept it and it made work harder...be what u want.. but don't be a quiter...just fucking do it
t3_2uc0bm-t1_co7dpph-co8plxm	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sounds like me. i've been diagnosed with ocd, anxiety and depression and although i joke about being a hypochondriac when i go to the doctor with a crazy theory or request for a useless test, they haven't really discussed whether it might actually be true.  like you, i get constipated and bleed a lot and went for a colonoscopy because i thought i had colon cancer. i now use reslor to increase bowel movement and lactulose and movicol to soften things up. i think my main problem in that department is anxiety though.  i also have permanent heart palpitations and a heart rate of over 100 bpm most of the time despite being on medication for ocd, anxiety and depression. i went for 3 ecgs or ekgs and they were all fine apart from the heart rate but i'm still convinced there's something wrong with my heart. i have an app on my phone and use that and a blood pressure monitor to check my heart rate several times per day.  i get sharp pains in my lower abdomen so even though i'm a virgin in my late 20s i was convinced it was cancer or polycystic ovaries. got an ultrasound a few years ago but obviously i still think there's something there. with a bit of rationality it can be attributed to the constipation though.  i don't have the money for an mri of my head but i'm convinced i have a brain tumour.  i pretty much always have a sore throat so i'm convinced i'm going to get throat cancer even though i don't smoke.  i had a breast lump removed even though the biopsy said it was fine because i don't trust the health system at all. i   i think the reason behind it is because as a teenager i had hashimoto's. my immune system had been destroying my thyroid which had me very tired and run down. my mother thought i had anemia or something so i went to the doctor and got a blood test done. i didn't really know what tests to have done so the doctor didn't check my thyroid and so for years i believed that the way i felt was just normal for me and since the doctor didn't find anything wrong with me.  i haven't felt right since i sorted out my thyroid so now every time i go for blood tests i ask for different tests to be done like checking for other auto-immune disorders, checking for liver function etc.  my antibodies are usually always slightly lower than the normal range which i think is harmless enough but i keep trying to figure out what it could be.  i'm a bit of a mess these days, barely able to function and it gets very confusing. the funny thing about my health-related anxiety is that i wish i was dead and have done so since my teens. if it wasn't for the guilt for what i'd be doing to the people i'd leave behind then i'd just kill myself but yet when i think i have a terminal illness i panic and run to the doctor.
t3_1l6utk-t3_1l6utk-cbwanap	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry to hear this.  i wish i could tell you everything was going to be okay, but we'd both know i was lying.  i found out i have rectal cancer in february, and that it is stage iv in june.  i can't help feeling all the time that it is harder on my husband than me, he's the one that has to prepare for life without me.    all i can say is i hope you have people around you.  don't be afraid to let them carry you through this.  we keep moving forward, but it is only with many hands holding us up.  there are some good days still coming, even though it feels like there isn't.  treasure them.
t3_43xfli-t3_43xfli-czm0q8l	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6538	i want to tell my grandpa thank you for everything he's done and putting me through college. he prepared me for the worst case scenario and it's in motion now since he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that's spread to his liver and he's going to die. he's everything to me and i can't lie and say it won't hurt. it's going to tear me apart. but when he goes i will have to stop looking for the support and love he's given me in other people. he's a magical person and he can't be matched. he tells me to stop wearing my heart on my sleeve  but i'm going to lose it. but i also want him to know i'll pull myself back together again because even when he wont be here, he prepared me for this. he made me strong. and i'll continue with my degree and one day i hope i can be to my daughter what my grandfather was to me. he pulled me from terrible circumstances and really made me something. to the rest of my family i was coal, but to him i was a diamond. his support and love will be enough for my entire lifetime. i wish i could repay it but most of all i hope when he's gone, i'm half the person he was to me.
t3_3cic48-t3_3cic48-csw4rtk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i remember once visiting my wife's grandpa years ago and i specifically recall for an old timer (80-90) he was such a speedy driver... it wasn't until about a year ago i found out why when he sadly passed away... it was because he had colon cancer and lost control of certain muscles we take for granted... anyway, he was a speedy one !
t3_2svxos-t3_2svxos-cntd8tr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	mine didn't but should have. we begged my mom to leave my dad (beat mom, alcoholic, pedophile, etc) but she stayed with him because she came from that era with a one income household, mom was a housewife and had zero job experience. she did try to work once; the second she brought her first check home, dad rammed into her stomach with his head at full speed, hurting her. he wanted her paycheck and i guess he felt that was the best way to get it. fuck him. i wish he died of the colon cancer he had instead of mom dying of a cerebral hemorrhage 6 months later. i think i'd be less of a bitch had they divorced, but then i don't have to be a bitch, i just trend to be when i ruminate on things.
t3_4gcgiq-t1_d2gfwwf-d2gq5sb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7398	i can second this. my dad was a smoker since he was 15, loves a drink and all the worst kind of greasy foods. about 3 years ago at the age of 54 he was diagnosed with colon cancer, it was a rough journey and he went through exactly the same treatment this commenters dad but it was easily treatable compared to some other cancers. the worst part was the meds that he was on caused uncontrollable mood swings, all i'd have to do was to breathe in a different way and he'd flip out on me, i don't hold it against him at all but it wasn't easy. if it is cancer it's going to be hard on you and your family in ways that you would never have imagined but you'll get through it and when you do, your family relationships will be stronger.   my family actually looks at my dads cancer battle as a good thing, he immediately went cold turkey and stopped smoking, changed his diet and he is genuinely a more happier and healthier person than before. i really hope that it's good news op but if it isn't then know things will be okay. also, you'll feel a relief if it's diagnosed because the "is it or isn't it" worry goes and that's when your mind goes into action mode. if you need to talk at all then please send me a pm.
t3_36663a-t1_crbamci-crc88vt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6808	this is a good point.  my uncle had colon cancer a few years back and had surgery to remove a good 6 inches of his colon.  he had no chemo or radiation followup after surgery.    so it's entirely possible that there is no recommended treatment for his aunt, but that she's just generally framing the future in the "it's in god's hands" way.
t3_40347q-t3_40347q-cyr4g66	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6539	i have no great advice, but i am curious to see what other people say. i didn't know my dad had colon cancer until i checked their browser search history, and they still didn't actually tell me until a few months later. i didn't tell them at all when i had cancer (mine was not serious). i found out that my uncle has prostate cancer, only because he wasn't going to be able to make christmas dinner because of treatment. so, i feel ya on the "not talking about this stuff." husband's family is very open about everything, like "i have terrible diarrhea, please advise." : |
t3_2jk2g4-t3_2jk2g4-clcjpft	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she looks either pregnant or very bloated. when i get bloated, depending on what and how much i ate, i can look 4-5 months pregnant if i let it all hang out. but then again, colon cancer so my guts just fucked up to begin with.
t3_4v588l-t1_d5vmtzt-d5vn1co	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7601	i'm not deleting anything this is a learning experience for me and if i delete it i'll just be like well i deleted somethings i wrote because someone told me too because they said it's hurting other people? i guess whoever said that is right and i'm sorry for coming off rude and hurting those people. i had a friend who had colon cancer from his crohns and he couldn't smoke either because it made his feel ill, i guess i thought people would be like oh i would but i can't and this is why not like omg shut up how dare you? anyway, thanks for the insite, sorry again to those people i hurt.  also i never said this was the miracle solution i honestly just wanted sum stoners with crohns to tell me their success stories and crohnies who can't smoke to tell me theirs.
t3_2qn22g-t1_cn7ndsz-cn7nt7g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.596	we have done a lot with cure kids cancer here where i live. my nephew was dx'd with colon cancer when he was 13 months old. it was horrible, and after some close calls he has been in remission for 2 years now &lt;3
t3_2mp7bm-t1_cm6eovh-cm6ggy3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7598	one of my best buds was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer last november 16th. he was on cannabis oil, and it was his only way to enjoy what he had left. in order to eat, laugh, enjoy life... he was high. listen to your drs, but don't be afraid to try something thats natural. read a bit about medical cannabis. it's shocking what our gov't won't allow.
t3_2ggrvk-t1_ckj6uny-ckj7edu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5137	all seriousness, if you don't go in for regular blood work, etc this can happen to you. one thing cancer is really good at is pain relief. it can work its way around your entire body well before you ever feel any pain. once you feel pain, as happened to my father. its too late.  my father was rushed through tests, surgery, etc. but was dead within 6 weeks of his first visit upon experiencing pain  this isn't theatre or conspiracy, this is the reality of cancer.  screw politics. go to your doctor and get blood work, colon checks, everything you can on a regular basis.
t3_g1eah-t3_g1eah-c1k7lnq	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7489	go. to. a. doctor. now.  was having same issue on and off for a year or two. was told by a previous dr. it was just hemorrhoids. turns out i have a tumor in my colon. have to go get part of my colon removed next week.  scary yes. but better scared than dead.
t3_kg007-t3_kg007-c2k2773	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it person here. i've had some horrendous experiences fixing pc's due to the fact that i'm a pushover, i've managed to harden up over the years though. the worst was a neighbour who would call round whenever his pc fucked up. countless hours i spent round at his house fixing numerous fuckups he'd created. the worst scenario was when he was in hospital for colon cancer and their router had failed. they were also on aol. his wife was all stressed because she needed the internet to let friends and family know how he was doing. the guilt trip was immense. i spent fucking days round there trying to get a new router to connect to that pile of wank service. it was hideous. i eventually got it to work, he got better and i moved.
t3_1mr3un-t1_ccbuqet-ccbv2sa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	im 21 and i have stage 2 colon cancer so i just sit around my house unless at the hospital but i have a portable xbox 360
t3_1fcq6t-t1_ca9iw2r-ca9lgyq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i appreciate the info. believe it or not, a lot of people have given my advice like this, but i honestly don't see the research to back it up.  i am young, 28 years old, with two kids.   i have no desire to mess around with research that is not accepted by the greater cancer research and treatment community, and lose valuable time that might mean my life.    i know there are some sources with research to back it up, but better information from people who have devoted their lives to curing cancer says that the research methods of this kind of cancer is not as comprehensive as traditional cancer research.  i've read some things on traditional cancer research, those guys are thorough.  i know that some results can make it look like cancer is being cured through these means, but unless they are willing to reveal a lot more about research methodology, i'm not gonna trust myself to that.    i might try some different things if i get desperate, but i have already started chemo and radiation, and i am responding to it.  the reason why i *just* found it is stage 4 is because they wanted to move ahead with my treatment before, and so even though they had some doubts about my initial diagnosis of stage 2 cancer, they didn't want to delay treatment to decide my staging.  whether i had stage 2 or 4 they were going to treat it the same way.  now i am on a treatment "break" so they finished my staging, finding out some suspicious looking spots on my lungs were in fact metastasized cancer.     i do regulate my diet with healthy foods, not because i believe it will cure cancer, but because it helps a lot with the reduction of symptoms.  however, a lot of the foods you mention i actually can't eat because i have rectal cancer, and high fiber foods make my symptoms worse (horribly painful kind of worse).    thanks for the tips about paying for my chemo.  i happen to be fucking lucky in that department, though.  i work for a japanese owned company, and they tend to prioritize things like health care, so i have better health insurance than most government employees.  seriously, the whole bill for my treatment might rack up as high as $2000 with all my copays, but i would be shocked if it gets much higher.  given that the actual cost of my treatment will probably be around a half million dollars, i think i'm doing okay.    also, i live in a medical marijuana state. i'm sure i can get that stuff legally.  however, i don't see the need for it now.  the benefits of marijuana to cancer patients is actually well documented, and i might consider it in the future.  i haven't seen any convincing research that it actually cures cancer, but i do know it is good for symptom and side effect control.    anyways, thanks for your concern.  and don't worry, i'm trying my best to stay educated about all this stuff.
t3_39hn9z-t3_39hn9z-cs3nnpb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7402	my dad had a tumor in his intestines that had to be removed.  basically a routine colonoscopy turned out to be a cancerous tumor.  they did the surgery successfully then had to go through 6 months of chemotherapy.  it was scary, for the first time that any of my close family members would have to deal with the big c.  anyways, they ended up installing some type of port near the top of his chest.  it's funny looking because it looks like a big lump.  they use it i guess to administer the medication.  for 6 months, he endured chemo, this was during the winter months.  he still got up each day early in the morning to head off to work.  he works as a concrete laborer, and even in the blistering cold, he was out there.  he did mention that throughout the chemo process, the week after they treated him, he felt like complete shit.  he would literally feel like millions of needles poking at his face when he was outside working.  did that stop him?  hell no, he just did the best he could given the circumstances.  hell he was back at work 12 days after his colon surgery.  he has since finished chemo, and has been cancer free for the last few times they did a check up.  he still has that port, i guess they leave that in just in case.
t3_1zs88k-t3_1zs88k-cfwyecx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7426	i started feeling very constipated which confused me because i had been regular like clockwork for weeks beforehand. easy, no strain. no mess. no issues. normal looking.  in fact, i remember thinking to myself, "how cool is this? no wipe poops!"  then suddenly, i started having the urgency but unable to go. i couldn't figure it out. i thought it was because i had partied a bit too hard, didn't get enough sleep, stress, or wasn't eating right. so, like a lot of people here, i started to add some more fiber to my diet. even made some oatmeal.   after two or three days of me trying to go number two, i was starting to get a bit worried. i'd do the rabbit drop thing but still could not get a got movement to clear myself out.   the ironic thing is that i actually had prescheduled a regular doctor visit for a routine examination. i passed with flying colors, but i didn't mention my constipation because i didn't think of it. and he didn't ask anything about going to the bathroom.   but then, the day after, i passed a bit more, and when i looked into the bowl, i saw a trace of redness. i thought, "oh, no big deal. that's happened before once or twice" (not as symptoms - just tear from straining or whatever).   and i had to go the bathroom again the same day. "huh, twice in one day." and still blood.  and it began to hurt/cramp when i went.   i made an appointment with my doc again: non-emergency, just a follow-up as in "hey, i have this question."   next day, horrible cramps, passed some more, and it was just streaked with blood. that's when i really started to worry. i thought i had rectal cancer or something. never heard of bowel disease before.   my doctor called me back wondering why i had made a follow-up since i had just seen him two days again. i mentioned the blood and described what was happening.   very next day, i had a colonoscopy with a gastro doc. when i woke up, i got the bad news.
t3_1xtfbt-t1_cfejfll-cff2fv0	colon_cancer	relevant	0.797	my fil just kicked colon cancer for good last february! he's colostomy bag free as well. he just farts a lot now and has a semi-colon. when he was diagnosed in august 2011, it was stage 4 and we were so scared he wouldn't live to see our wedding the following april. well, he not only lived to see our wedding, he was healthy enough at that point to walk his wife (my husband's step mom) down the aisle and dance with me at the reception. and now that his cancer is completely gone, he'll be around to see his first grandchild be born in july.
t3_1xen1z-t1_cfavtb3-cfavw04	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	ten years now.  i was lucky, a mammogram found it while it was still a tiny stage one. surgery and radiation, no chemo.  i also had colon cancer that year, just odd coincidence.  also stage one, surgical solution only.  lots of colon cancer in the family, only one cousin with breast cancer.  i think it is because i lived on a military test facility as a small child, but it couldbe my weight or that i drank a lot in my 20s/30s.  who knows? mammograms!  can't say enough good things about them, even though i had one false positive.  when the true positive came along, it was so early it wasn't life threatening with treatment.
t3_y6mph-t3_y6mph-c5sstjd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7438	webmd always puts everything down to cancer-it's probably not.  also my grandma died from colon cancer and although her's was a very slow growing one let me explain to you some of her symptoms:  blood *in* the stools for 15 years. not just oh that really hurts coming out after constipation and now it looks like there is a blood fountain, but tarry black to reddish stools.    cramping, bloating and nausea. she had horrible bowel problems -which btw can be ibs, it can be celiac's disease, it can be you're eating too much junk in your diet- which is why a doctor visit is needed. for her she would get *extremely* ill before needing to poo and it would hurt so bad because it would plow through a grapefruit-sized tumor every time she went. i've got gallbladder problems, hashimotos (which can cause constipation), hemorrhoids, and lactose intolerance - i get *bad* cramping, bloating, bm's, and nausea. but it's still nothing compared to hers. that's what terminal colon cancer was like.  you're probably just fine. talk to your doctor, it's important not to wait on anything that could be serious, ask him/her to make sure it's just hemorrhoids if you're convinced it's a tumor. but stop thinking you're going to die, because webmd sucks.
t3_3ox4js-t1_cw18dd4-cw19864	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6111	tl;dr: unless tb can't move a finger because of the pain, he will keep putting up videos. maybe less, but there will be there. he's closing axiom esports partially because the sc2 scene is crap (he probably has lost more money than gained with that, but it was something he loved), but mostly because he will focus on his family, his health and his job. however, he will probably live far less than he should under normal circunstances.  long read: iirc, over a year ago doctors detected cancer on his colon. it was treatable: some quimiotherapy and pills to reduce its size, and then an operation to remove it.  after the operation it seemed to be over. tb is young (31) and although it had been left unchecked the cancer seemed to be localized. however, his most recent scan shows that while the colon is clean, some cancer spots have appeared on his liver. when cancer spreads to other organs unrelated to the first cancerous one is known as [metastasis](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/metastasis), and depending on the case it has a very difficult solution to none at all. he will have to start again a painful and expensive treatment to keep the cancer at bay. once again, he is not dead yet, he won't be dead tomorrow and he's going to fight it like a mad dog.
t3_w2prg-t3_w2prg-c5a0qsn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i watched my father die.  he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and passed 8 years later.  it was really bad.  he went into hospice (which is an amazing service) and was transfered to a hospice facility.    he was there for three days before he passed.  once he got there the morphine was pretty strong and he was pretty much "gone."  he would lay still for a while and then sit up gasping for air.  talk to people that weren't there and all that jazz.  he started throwing up his "insides" which was a black goo that smelt like he crapped his pants.   he would be super still and then sit up and yell "help me help me help me!" which was pretty creepy and devastating because there's not much you can do to help.    wouldn't wish this experience on anyone.  but my sisters and mom and i shared a lot during this and grew really close.
t3_fztl6-t3_fztl6-c1jydcv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7484	i'm 23. in october of 2009, i got a colonoscopy because i was having urethra problems and was diagnosed with chronic prostatitis. they couldn't figure out why i had this pain and what treatment to do. finally after 2 years, my dad told me i might want to  get a colonoscopy, just to see if something is triggering it, on the other side. i went in, and they removed one polyp. (hmm, weird)  3 days later i get a call at 7am and was told to immediately come to the office for my results. obviously a phone call like means something hasn't gone too well. they tell me they found  a polyp that is now malignant. doctor said the scattered cancerous cells didn't reach the lining of my colon, but needed to be removed right away. i decided to get it removed on august 21, 2009 by dr. goldstein at jefferson hospital in philadelphia. my first doctor told me he was going to remove 6 inches of my lower intestine, just so they could get all that could have possibly traveled microscopically. at this point, no one had ever heard of a case like mine. 22, polyp, cancerous. huhwhat?  they told me a hospital article should be written up, but i don't think that ever went through. he ended up taking 18 inches of my lower intestine. everyone has 6 feet, i now have 4 1/2. i have to get bloodtests for the next 5 years, but if my dad had never been proactive about treatment, i would have full-blown colon cancer and not be alive in 3-4 years easily they said. men under 30, get a colonoscopy.
t3_2qt77o-t3_2qt77o-cn9kb38	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i went in for a colonoscopy last march and was immediately transferred to the hospital where i underwent a 2 hour surgery to remove a tumor. upon waking i was told i had stage 4 colon cancer and there was no cure. that was a bit of a shock to say the least. i asked how much time i had left and the oncologist said it could be a year or it could be 5 years, who knew for sure. it depended how well the chemo worked. at first i was depressed but then decided it was what it was, i would just have to make the best of it.      the first couple months after being diagnosed were a bitch. my weight dropped from 205 to 128 and i looked like an old man in the mirror. nothing i ate tasted good, i was always puking, i had no strength, and i had to go in to infusion for intravenous fluids everyday and chemo every 2 weeks. but the worst of it all was coming to grips that i was going to have an ostomy bag  the rest of my life. who wants to be intimate with someone who has to shit into a clear bag?      since that time i've gained weight and want to stay at 185, i can eat now, and i feel good enough to return back to work. i don't sweat the small stuff now, appreciate the small things from a nice sunset to a cute bug. material things just aren't that important anymore. i don't know how much time i have left, could be a year or it could be years but i'm going to appreciate every day i have left. it is what it is.
t3_1zt5sb-t1_cfx8uxw-cfz99k6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6049	sorry this is late!  she lost a ton of weight after their breakup.  she was always lean, but she dropped an absurd amount of weight in about a month, so people started to worry.  eventually, at a party, she broke down crying and claimed that she had colon cancer and the doctor had given her 6 months to live.  but, she told us, she was going to try to fight it.  a month passed where she talked to us about the process, explaining that right now they were just doing scans and coming up with a game plan.  after a big blow out fight with her ex, she told us that she was starting chemo and radiation the next day.  she called us after her first appointment and told us about the process, saying that so far it wasn't that bad.  but, she still drank a ton and had no physical changes.  not everyone loses their hair, i get that, but people on chemo don't get shitfaced and go dancing all night at the club.  we realized she was faking it, and started separating ourselves.  a year later, someone finally asked her, and she said it turned out to not be cancer.  ...
t3_1ft59n-t1_cadrjtv-cads3sy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6847	hey wetpad! i am glad i am not hurt and so thankful they caught the polyp early. i am so young to have them and colon cancer runs in my family but it definitely wasn't something my doctor thought was my problem. i will do regular procedures to remove them as they come back.  i am stressing out about my car. i can't really afford it to fix it but i have no option to. i wish there was a place i could go and be like hey i am bipolar about to be unemployed and inpatient for six months please help fix my car or donate money to help. just so ugh!!!  this is hard and i cried today about it and my mom gave me a hard time about it. making me feel stupid for crying. just so intense right now. i just want to be normal, i want no mental illnesses and to function like a normal adult, and to have my car.
t3_4xqiel-t1_d6hvvm8-d6hxmpk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5086	i had pan-colitis so it was my entire large intestine. every medication i tried didn't work and i refused steroids because they made me feel so awful emotionally and i gained way too much weight on them. i had met with a surgeon and was considering getting the colon removal when i got biopsy results that showed pre-cancerous growths throughout my colon/large intestine. that was what made me finally decide to go with surgery. i had uc for 10 years and the pain in the end was unbearable. the doctors told me i had 2 choices. wait until the growths turned into cancer, at which point i would have to have surgery anyway plus chemo and possibly radiation, or have surgery before that happened when i was in control and overall healthy otherwise. i lost my dad to cancer so there was no way i was going to put myself and my mom through that. having the surgery was the best decision of my life. no more pain, no more urgency and accidents. no more medications. i still go to the bathroom several times a day but i control when i go, no panic over not being able to find a bathroom because i can hold it. i got the 2 part j-pouch surgery, so first they removed the colon and created the j-pouch and i had the ostomy bag for 2 months and then once the j-pouch healed they closed it all up and i was good to go. i can't recommend surgery enough. there is no reason to suffer through years of pain, fatigue, medications. not to mention the friendship i lost because people got sick of me always canceling at the last minute. i lost my entire 20s to uc. now i have a social life, i travel, i can actually make plans and keep them. it's been a whole new life since i had the surgery.  one thing i will mention, because i have talked about it on here before and if you search my comment history you will see it. last october i had an intestinal rupture that was linked to the original surgery. my body overheals and forms too much scar tissue. it's something we were aware of and is a pretty unique situation, very rare in fact. the scar tissue built up too much in my rectum and cause pressure to build up in my j-pouch resulting in the rupture. that sucked. probably the worst pain you can ever experience. but every doctor i have spoken with has assured me that is exceptionally rare and if it does happen, it's usually only in the elderly. so unless you are in your 80s, it won't happen to you. i don't want you to freak out if you were to look at my comment history and see that! strictures do happen but typically it's very slow and you will start to suddenly feel sick or like you have a blockage. mine happened suddenly with no warning which is why it turned into a rupture. but now everything is fixed and i feel amazing!!   if you have any questions about the surgery or anything like that just ask! i'm happy to share my experience.
t3_2zh4w8-t1_cpiyttj-cpizoj0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5076	he's a dead man walking now  father died of colon cancer. his tumor hasn't shrunk enough and he's exhausted his chemo.  not to kick a man when he's down but he's done for and he knows it.
t3_2dc8jw-t1_cjo8wog-cjo9fep	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, that isn't what i'm saying.  i clearly said some people choose joy/suffering (life) over emotional disconnect (death).  someone who is "depressed" just internalizes the suffering part more than others.  this obviously means you can "cure" depression if you can convince them to find more joy in life and be less held back by the suffering.  certainly this is something that can be achieved it is just quite difficult.  i just don't like the term "cure" though.  you aren't really "curing" anything, you are shifting their perspective and changing the weight they give to different emotions.  this recent push to make depression a "disease" i can't really agree with.  i think you can classify chemical imbalances that *cause* depression a disease, but "depression" itself isn't a disease as much as a much darker view of life.  so you can always make a person happier, yes, but in my mind it isn't really "curing" anything.  someone with terminal colon cancer that wants to kill themselves doesn't have a disease called "depression", they have cancer, and as a result are in pain and unhappy.  calling it a "disease" makes it sound like their choice to kill themselves is invalid and unnatural.  it isn't necessarily so.  in fact, i find people's desire to impose survival on others is inherently selfish, as you are dismissing and invalidating their desires for your own because you don't understand their perspective.  that doesn't mean don't talk to someone who is suicidal and explain your point of view, but you shouldn't really be upset if they don't agree.
t3_26x8ok-t3_26x8ok-chvbuoi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7394	is it possible to find out when my dad died? his time of death? i had lost my job the day before so i was free the next day and i went to visit my parents. my dad had terminal cancer that had only been diagnosed a few months previously. it was so widespread by the time that he was diagnosed that we never even found out where it started although i think it was probably colorectal and then spread to liver and lungs etc.  because he deteriorated so quickly after the diagnosis we had a hospital bed in the living room as he could no longer manage the stairs. he was only 65.   when i arrived at my parents house i said i would make a cup of tea. i caught sight of my dad through the serving hatch and thought that he looked like he was dead already and i felt horrible because i knew he was going to die soon anyway and it was something i dreaded. he looked a bad colour so i thought that maybe his liver had failed and that would mean he would have less than 4 days if that had happened. his liver was just about destroyed by the tumours and also he was a lifelong alcoholic.   i wanted to get a better look at him because i was worried about him but i didn’t want to alarm him so i approached him and asked if he wanted a cup of tea even though i knew that he wouldn’t want his eyes were cloudy and had a film over them. his body was warm but his tongue was very slightly coming out of his mouth and his mouth wasn’t quite closed. he was semi-reclining on the adjustable hospital bed.  i said to my mum that we should call an ambulance and then explained to my dad that we were worried about him so we were calling for help. i don’t know if he heard me or not but i thought that hearing is the last sense to go so i didn’t want to take the chance of him hearing me say that i thought he was dead or talking about him like he wasn’t there.    i tried to explain to the paramedic on the phone that we couldn’t do cpr as he had a dnr and was terminally ill and also that i thought he was dead already but i couldn’t say that on front of my mum and also on front of him in case there was a chance he could hear me.  so that was a nightmare, trying to get out of earshot of them both whilst the woman on the phone was yelling at me to do cpr and my mum was freaking out too.  the paramedics arrive quickly but they couldn’t do anything and i found out afterwards that my 6 year old had heard him making a weird choking, coughing sound just beforehand.  my tea that i had made was still warm when the paramedics said there was nothing they could do so it must have been less than 45 minutes after i had arrived at my parents house.   is it possible to estimate if he was alive or not when i arrived and if not how long he had been gone for if not? or if he heard me talking to him or not?   he had been talking normally around an hour previously.  i’m really needing to work this out if possible. thanks in advance if you can offer any advice about this.  edit: tldr: if a person has cloudy eyes with a misty film over them and their body is still warm, is it possible that they can still hear what is said to them? he might have had a death rattle about 20 minutes previously but around an hour beforehand he was talking normally. thanks in advance.
t3_flhiu-t3_flhiu-c1gucgo	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7519	my dad got colon cancer when i was 16.  i don't think it's a good comparison because i was never led to believe that he could possibly die or have it metastasize: i figure my parents would put me down that road when it came to that point.  fortunately, it never did; clean bill of health many years later.  he's alive today because he got screened when he was supposed to.  make sure you all do that, people.
t3_2znbho-t3_2znbho-cpklk2t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	he opened up a whole new world of hockey for me. before it was just good/not good. he made it "is he playing up to his paycheck". i never thought it was going to be so abrupt. he must have worked on that site until he literally couldn't anymore. seriously fuck cancer. lost an aunt last week to it, had another aunt diagnosed with a tumor the day before the other died and had a grandfather lost to colon cancer. thoughts go out to his loved ones.
t3_24dwof-t3_24dwof-ch6gf2g	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5706	cancer as of right now. my grandmother was just diagnosed with stage 4 cancer a few days ago. she decided to let nature take it's course. i think it's for the best, its in her lymph nodes, and she's already in such poor health that the chemo would kill her. my mother has polyps in her colon and she's always been incredibly healthy.   i had no idea there was a history of cancer in my family until a few weeks ago.
t3_491xvb-t3_491xvb-d0ojc6g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6823	for the benign end of things, i had a work up done for a colon cancer screening for bright red blood passed w/ stool, chronic abdominal pain, weight loss and diarrhea/constipation and it was just very vigorous ibs. when my ibs is triggered it makes the dozens of tiny internal hemmeroids bleed. obviously i'm very greatful, because fighting cancer is a full time job, i'm in awe of you guys.
t3_3ryxuv-t3_3ryxuv-cwswpv8	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5951	my "i'm not a doctor, but...." story:  guy i work with has some kind of cancer, colon i think, i don't know the guy that well but he tells this story to anyone that will listen. i'd say he's in his early 50s.  earlier this year he was not at work for a few months. i didn't think much of it as some of the guys out on the floor are only temp workers. they will come and go every few months with a lot of them eventually coming back through again. well this guy shows up again a couple months ago back to work but i noticed he was taking a lot of "rest breaks" but nobody was giving him any shit for it which is odd. now i just work for the same company, i'm not a direct co-worker or boss of his so i'm not saying anything to the guy but one day i walked past him and just asked how things were going. he lays his whole story on me.  he's had cancer for a while and before he left work earlier in the year he would literally be leaving work some days, getting chemo, then coming in again the next day. due to work requirements he had to come back to work or risk losing his insurance. his wife is disabled and can't work at all so he has to work he tells me. during his absence he continued chemo until at one point he was put into the "death room" at the hospital where they only put patients near death. it apparently has a small chapel in the room and your family can come and stay as long as they want. his organs were shutting down and he was given 2 hours to live. somehow he made it past the two hour mark and his organs were regaining their functions. they moved him back into intensive care after that night and eventually discharged him with no signs of cancer. guy pulls down his pants a ways and he is essentially mummy wrapped from the balls to his navel. says he has a huge ass hole in him now that's scabbing over from his colostomy bag removal and that for the first couple weeks you could see into him and view his intestines and shit.  i have no idea how this guy is still showing up at work now with such a positive outlook on everything. i guess being told you're so close to death with all your family essentially mourning for you already puts a lot of things into perspective.
t3_2mnzyi-t1_cm62h0s-cm6mec4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	someone once told me i could give my wife uteran cancer through my fluids because i smoke...i paused and asked....what about colon cancer?
t3_3cba7h-t1_csu1im9-csu1v8e	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it just bothers me that all these people are saying the meaning is stupid or that it's about colon cancer survivors. (yes, surviving cancer is good, not hating on that) why are they so interested in what another person's tattoo means? just look at the tattoo and appreciate it for what it is, some ink in a person's skin. don't concern yourself with what it could mean, don't ask people about it's meaning right away, because tattoos often have personal symbolism. if you find out it's because they're suicidal you'll most likely treat them different. if you're in the place to ask them and they don't get upset, or uncomfortable, they most likely don't want you to treat them different, which you probably will if you find out they have depression, suicidal tendencies etc.   yes, you can see the tattoos, but so can they. they got the tattoo so they can look at it themselves. you just so happen to be able to see it too.
t3_3bcd9y-t3_3bcd9y-csl4cob	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i've got a ileostomy.  a few years ago i was diagnosed with colon cancer and have had some complications with surgery/healing.  most people have a temporary ileostomy but i've had mine for nearly 2 years.  hoping to have it reversed some day soon.   i've not dated anyone for nearly 4 years because i find myself disgusting.  i know some women who've shown interest but i don't do anything even if i like them back.
t3_1v6m0v-t3_1v6m0v-cepaqz3	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	you're very fortunate to have had the procedure early enough! i have the same thing (i'm 36 and have had it sine 2011); however, i had the surgery too late.   i was diagnosed with uc and went through various types of treatment like remicade. by the time i had my surgery, though, my condition had worsened.   since the surgery i've been fighting stage 4 metastatic colon cancer (will be starting more chemo in the next month or so).
t3_33hh2z-t1_cqldszw-cqle4so	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7466	omg i am so sorry and you know what? yes it fucking does! mine was an uncle. he actually died from colon cancer back in 2010...... it was bad and i have to wonder, were there others? if there were, well, i hope they knew or found out what went down during his last year. it really wasnt pretty, there was alot of pain and it took a long time. i wish anyone of us would have had the courage to say something when it was going on. i know i didnt. before he got sick i was terrified. i didnt want anyone to know. took me a while to even accept that someone did wrong by me.
t3_4wa2fb-t3_4wa2fb-d65r1sc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my uncle started complaining about a really dry, hacking cough about 20 years ago. initially, the doctor understandably assumed it was bronchitis so he prescribed antibiotics. problem was the cough never disappeared. it didn't even wane. his family (and mine) kept reassuring him that it was fine, that nothing was wrong. they suggested a change in his diet (because apparently they were all renowned physicians) and eventually everyone grew accustomed to the cough.   then he complained about vomiting after eating. in the beginning it was largely arbitrary: no specific food or ingredient caused him to vomit but it was never consistent. it only happened occasionally. this was back when he worked as a cab driver, so he refused to take a sick leave because he needed the money. they never struggled but he always wanted to provide his family with a big house in one of the "richer" cities.   and he succeeded.   the cost was his health. his condition worsened, yet family members routinely dismissed his concerns and prattled on about the mind-body connection and how he really needed to start exercising. i still remember my dad being the loudest voice, interrupting my uncle's worries with his own advice. in hindsight, he was just trying to care for his eldest cousin, who was more like a father to him than his own dad.   4 years ago my mom got the call from his wife, my aunt.   it was cancer.   stage iv lung cancer that metastasized to his spine and stomach and was now in his brain. everyone was too ashamed to go see him because they all knew: if only they had actually listened to him. granted, there was no guarantee the doctor would have found anything, but it continues to haunt them. thankfully they all rallied together and went to visit, and all that fear and shame melted away when they realized he never once blamed any of them. he just wanted to be around his family.   that first year started pretty well. the chemo was helping, the larger tumors were excised surgically. but then more took their place.   this was it, the doctors said. no matter what they did, he was terminal, but they could try more chemo anyway. he declined; he was in too much pain and he had lost too much weight. instead, everyone began suggesting herbal/home remedies. someone mentioned how one patient miraculously cured himself by just drinking carrot juice. that didn't work. so they tried another remedy. and another. and another, until all they were left with were their prayers.   he passed away the next year. his mother, the oldest surviving relative any of us had, passed away due to alzheimer's three weeks later.   his family was supposed to move into their dream house that very year. it remains empty. his wife rarely talks to us anymore, not out of anger but depression. we were his family, the people he loved most, and she simply can't deal with the flood of memories every time someone calls her or visits her.   it's made me a lot more serious about my own health; i have ibs, which initially manifested as mild but quickly induced chronic pain i never even imagined was possible. understandably, my mother wanted me to undergo all the tests again in case it was colon cancer. i'm only 20 so of course it wasn't, but we learned being too careful doesn't harm anyone. still, my family has officially put me on "cancer watch", despite all the evidence pointing to an absence of cancer.   i never complain, though; no one took my uncle's "mild" signs and symptoms seriously.
t3_2yfjzr-t3_2yfjzr-cp91x2j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5952	i just lost my best friend last night unexpectedly from cancer.  he was only 27. he had lost his appetite the past few weeks but had chalked it up to dietary issues.  we text probably 100 times a day, at least.  his last text was "heading to the er, don't feel well."  this morning i woke up to a text from his wife that it was colon cancer and it was too aggressive.  i'm pretty sure he and i were carbon copies, we were so much alike.  i don't know what to do now, because i've never had a friend like him.  i could use a big fuckin' internet hug right about now.
t3_17x4cp-t1_c89vmvo-c89wv9s	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i wish you didn't go through that work because that is not what i was telling you. sorry if i wasn't clear.  http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/pmc1277837/  tobacco smoke is more harmful. i was not saying that combustion is not harmful. what i was saying is that just because both are combusted, it does not mean their overall harm is the same.  one is linked to lung and colorectal cancer - the other is not.
t3_2ukokr-t3_2ukokr-co9lfld	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.512	i am happy for you. i had colon cancer and also did 14 rounds of chemo. shit kicked my ass too. i am glad i did not have to do any more than that.  even though i was 39 my dad was also my rock. you learn quickly who is really there for you when things like this happen.  i hope you stay free of cancer! good luck.
t3_t5wiz-t3_t5wiz-c4k1m99	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	it was my dad who i saw like this first. his father just passed away from colon cancer and things were rough in my family. he was checked in the following months and came to find that he also just developed the early stages of the same cancer. things were hard but i still didn't see past the whole image of him being a man outside of being my father just yet. i was 11 at the time and didn't really know better...all i knew was that my father was sick with this thing called cancer and it was something i thought he'd get through.  the day after his first chemotherapy he was feeling incredibly sick. he wanted to go for a walk and i was the only one home with him, so i decided i would walk with him. we were leaving at a slow pace and about a half mile down the road he started to collapse and it was there i saw him as a human. he was mortal. i didn't see him as my dad. here he was, like thousands of other cancer patients in the world, in a situation where he wasn't strong enough to hold himself up. my hero and my best friend unable to hold him self up. thats when i saw the change. i saw him as a man on this earth who was in a struggle that would be a downward spiral for (now that i went watched it all) 7 years until it took him in 2008. but all i could do was try and help this man up, and help him get through the hard days the best i could.  watching your parent turn into a human rather than your care taker is a maturing experience. i feel like i grew up way too fast all in that day.
t3_1v6m0v-t3_1v6m0v-cepey8v	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6747	i have a long-distance friend who just had one placed. he's in his 30s, married, and very ashamed of it. he says it hurts. (he just had it placed last week, after weeks of chemo or radiation.) **i don't know what to say to him** except that another chance at life is worth it. (his was from cancer — they cut so much colon that eventually he had to go this route.)  is there something that could be said to new people with one? is there a support group? if not, does the pain and discomfort of the actual incision area get better, or do you just get used to it? (i'm assuming he'll get used to it, but he says no.)  should he be googling it, or just trying to follow doctor's orders and **not** googling the topic?  thanks for doing this ama!
t3_3z3l66-t3_3z3l66-cyiytth	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a hypochondriac. lately i thought i had colon cancer because i was shitting mucus, even though it's almost impossible for me to have it at my age. still don't know why i've been shitting mucus though.
t3_251r1n-t1_chdqgc7-chdqxhc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	for all i know they might do that. they were looking for more than one thing when they went down my throat. i can't remember what the other thing was. they also did it about ten seconds before a colonoscopy. it might have just been that it was more practical to do it that way in my case whilst they were already there in the same room with the same doctor.  it's possible that i don't have coeliac at all, but some other wheat or food intolerance that has similar symptoms &amp; causes. but the specific diagnosis isn't really important. obviously it's necessary to rule out possibilities like colon cancer and crohn's disease. but after that, if you can work it out for yourself without putting yourself through more discomfort, then i see no reason not to.
t3_4za4gi-t1_d6u5f68-d6u8stx	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad complained to me about heartburn a while ago and chugged pepto bismol for a few days.   then i saw him a week later, and he thought it was an ulcer and got some over the counter medication.   then after another week i get a call: he's in excruciating pain and went to the er.   turns out he has colon cancer that spread to his liver. based on the radiology results he's had it for over a year, but since he never goes to the doctor (he's never got a colonoscopy either), nobody knew til now. he's had surgery and chemo thus far and it just sucks to see him so weak and thin.   go to the doctor, people. **go to the fucking doctor.**
t3_3m5go7-t3_3m5go7-cvcqu8y	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i need an endoscopy/colonoscopy to check the state of my condition. it's over 3grand and my deductible is $1500. that's more than i make in a month. i have to wait until next year and hope i don't have colon cancer or intestinal stricturing in the  mean time.   at least once i pay the deduct it's 100% covered in-network, so i can get whatever follow up i need covered. (drugs, surgery, etc.) hopefully there isn't one.
t3_3xpy52-t1_cy6wqj4-cy704sj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7361	i got one.    my dad's leg was swollen for the last few months of his life.  it swelled up in...i want to say february of 2013.  he went to his doctor, who took one look at it and, instead of sending him for an x-ray to see if it was a blood clot, told him, "oh, it's just poor circulation because you're getting older," didn't do anything more and sent him on his way.  nevermind that that's insane and nevermind the fact that he had a history of cancer (i'll get back to that in a minute, because it does factor in) and some cancers can make the blood thicker and create blood clots.  no, i looked and i can't see anything just by looking so i'm sure you're fine.  cut to six months later and his leg is still swollen.  he insists it's fine because his doctor told him so, but he was feeling super fatigued all the time so he finally gave in and went to the e.r.   for the record, if i had known about his leg i would have insisted we go sooner but he didn't tell me that entire time.  he always wore pants, i had no idea until august.  we go to the e.r. and guess what?  it is a blood clot.  and he could have had a fatal pulmonary embolism at any time.  while driving.  while at home, where he lived alone and no one would have been able to help him.  and about a week later in the hospital it broke off and went to his lungs and almost killed him.  ...they also discovered the cause of the clot: he had stage four colon cancer that had spread to his liver and the tumor on his liver had made his blood thicker, thus causing the clot.  if the doctor had sent him to get x-rays back in february, like she should have, maybe they would have caught it earlier.  maybe it would have saved his life.  maybe it would have at least bought him more time.  he died a month and one day after entering the hospital.  not to mention the fact that he could have had a pulmonary embolism and dropped dead at any time during those months, all because she thought a giant swollen leg was no big deal.  i definitely thought about looking into a malpractice suit but ultimately ended up not pursuing it.
t3_bu3yg-t1_c0ok8dh-c0okmhb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6709	agreed, i have a very close family friend that had colon cancer about six years ago, quite severely, he was not given very long to live. right now he is in his 3rd year of being cancer free.
t3_1vtavc-t3_1vtavc-cex1vox	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer (not sure what stage, but had a huge tumor) 6 years ago at age 70. he's never taken care himself (booze, cigars, crap food). he had surgery, no radiation, and has been fine since-just check ups every six months. good luck to you!
t3_4yseqe-t3_4yseqe-d6q2qgf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my friends and i have been doing a charity livestream all day for the colon cancer alliance. at 10pm (est) i am going to be attempting to play through swordquest: fireworld. i've never played it before, so it should be quite an adventure.
t3_1tugnm-t1_ceboxiy-cebpb0t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.602	i'm canadian, and if something is life threatening treatment is immediate. yes, there are some people who complain about wait times, but mostly it's to see specialists (we have a shortage because it pays more to work in the us) and it's for non life threatening conditions.   my experiences in the last few years: i had a gall bladder attack went to the er, was diagnosed and in and out of laparoscopic surgery the next day. my mom had colon cancer, once diagnosed she was in surgery within a few weeks, and is now cancer free.  like i said, there can be some shortages and wait times for certain specialists, but if it is urgent you will be treated and it won't cost you anything.
t3_zffca-t3_zffca-c64ds2v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7472	good luck bro. my dad is a 12th year colon cancer survivor, and he's doing better than ever. just stay positive and never give up!
t3_1ota15-t1_ccvgtz8-ccvla2h	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8076	this is how my uncle's colon cancer progressed to stage 4 over 2 years without detection.  he had blood in his stool but it didn't stop him from doing what he wanted daily so he never got it checked.  left my aunt a widow at 40 with three children, the youngest of which was only 5.
t3_25m3ac-t3_25m3ac-chim9rq	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6588	colon cancer (actually rectal cancer, but if i had waited some time longer, then colon cancer too).  didn't find out until after i was diagnosed that a shitload of my ancestors had died of colo-rectal cancer. i was in excellent health from twenty until last year (i'm 58). the only doctors i ever saw were the orthopaedic guys.  man up (or woman up) and get a colonoscopy by 55. chemo &amp; colostomy bag sucks. still, i plan on being around for a long time.
t3_46f3mt-t1_d04j8ku-d04jok4	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6007	what does she say when you confront her?  is there a medical reason for this?  i'm asking because i had a co worker who was dying of colon cancer (we all knew) and she pulled us all aside privately and advised us that she was aware that she smelled, and there was nothing she could do about it, (i think it was a combo of the colostomy bag/perhaps an adult diaper situation), i didn't pry for the reason but we were all really nice about it and never made her feel bad.  i'm just wondering if something is really wrong with your co worker.
t3_30lfy9-t1_cptjr9f-cptju27	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am fine thank you, it's always tough losing someone close to you, especially when they are young. he was only 21 when he died of colon cancer - i was younger. i think it's important to know it's ok to feel sad about it sometimes, just don't let your sadness hold you back.
t3_cpzpr-t3_cpzpr-c0ucsta	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm not saying this pill is worse than rat poison and will give you rectal cancer and crippling depression, but why aren't they denying it does?
t3_2k84xy-t3_2k84xy-clitum7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've lost my father to colon cancer (11 years ago) and my brother to liver cancer (6 years ago).  both were extremely hard but the loss of my brother still hurts to this day.  best advice i can give you is to spend as much time with him as you can.  my biggest regret is not spending time with my brother when it was announced he only had 6 months left to live.  he lived close but i just couldn't be around him much in the state he was in.  it hurt too much to see him that way.  i regret feeling that way every day.  just spend as much time as you can and say all the things you want to say because once they're gone, you'll only have memories.
t3_2kw6ub-t3_2kw6ub-clp8qvn	colon_cancer	relevant	0.524	i hope this is relevant. i haven't had cancer, but my mom has twice now. both of my aunts also had cancer within 2 years of each other.   anyway, i was living at home when she started getting sick. it was like a cold that never went away. she started staying in bed more. then it was like she was never home because she was always sleeping. her arthritis got worse. her sense of smell went crazy and she actually vomited from my candy-sweet perfume a few times. she smelled like feet even right after a shower (candida. she had colon cancer).
t3_3k35lm-t1_cuuwltf-cuvg1ek	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm right there with you. my eldest is nearly 8 and autistic. the real kicker? my husband was diagnosed earlier this year as being autistic himself. he used to be the bread winner and i was the stay at home mom who never really wanted kids. now we have three. i enjoy being a mom, but we are both just stuck. life has thrown us into this gigantic fucking hamster wheel and we can't get out. last year i lost the most important person of my life, my mother, and then 10 months later i was diagnosed with colon cancer at 31. i had to get a job for the first time in 8 years because my husband got injured at his job last year and was let go. our life went from being stable to all fucking hell breaking loose. now a year later we are standing here just lost. what do we do? we're do we go from here? my poor eldest son has been so affected by these past few years that we had to seek counseling because he was injuring himself and others. i wake up everyday hoping today will be a good day or the boys, but it never is. it's just a perpetual hell. i didn't sign up for this.
t3_2f3bki-t3_2f3bki-ck62aam	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	oh man, this sounds very similar to my story. i was diagnosed with colon cancer at 28 too, had my ovaries to be taken out. no eggs freezed. but: one of my ovaries has been frozen. there is research starting about how this could eventually lead to being able to have your own children. they aren't there yet, but who knows what science can do in ten years. it is a very small chance and i do consider myself sterile but i didn't want to miss this. so maybe consider looking into that?    did she have chemo before the surgery? apparently, this is often better than starting with surgery right away.    also, my doctors insisted that if one ovary has a met on it, the other has to be taken out too. the risk of it being touched is too high. they were right in my case: they checked on the ovary that was frozen and in the sample of tissue they tested there were cancerous cells too.  but i didn't understand very well: why is she considered sterile? i ask because you wrote that it is not sure if the ovaries and uterus are touched by the cancer...   because my ovaries had mets, my doctors were convinced that my peritoneum was touched too. that's why i had hipec surgery. i know that they do it less in the us than in europe where i live. but i must say, that in my case they were right, i did have peritoneal carcinose. unfortunately, it is back in my case. but with hipec there was a chance that i would be cancer free also in the long run. it may be worth looking into that. it is scary, i won't lie. but i don't regret it at all.   i am so sorry this happened to her. it is unfair, and yes, 28 is far too young. also, i think i shed almost as many tears because of my sterility as because of my disease.   i feel awful for telling you all these shitty things. but i just can't tell you that it is all good, because it's not. cancer is an asshole indeed.  but what i can tell you, is that it got better over time. i never lost someone close but i do think that i had to grieve the loss of my fertility somewhat similar to if i actually had lost a beloved person. but i am better now. they say that time heals wounds and i have experienced it. it takes time and grieving and many, many tears. but it will get better.   also, to cheer her up a bit: i have an ileostomy and it is far less horrible than i thought. actually, it is very alright. i can eat normally, i can be sure that my pouch is staying in place, i had absolutely no accident in public (in one year since i have it). and the accidents i had at home were absolutely my fault because i was a lazy girl and did take the risk.   it was not like that from the beginning. the first few days were more difficult. so: if this is the case for her too: don't panic. it probably will get better.  make sure the surgery is done in a good hospital though. because it is cancer, obviously, but also only if it was for the colostomy. there is a difference between surgeons. i just had a nurse confirming me this. any colon surgeon can do a colostomy. but the stomies done in the hospital i was at do look and function much better in her experience than the ones made in the small hospital in my hometown. (she doesn't work for one or the other of these hospitals, so no bias.)  i can't guarantee that your girlfriend won't have any problems. but i am quite sure that when googling around, you get a bit a worse picture than it actually is. because when one has no problem with their colostomy/ileostomy/whatever, they feel the need to talk about it online less than if they had problems.    ok, this has become quite a long post. and it is unsolicited advice. i hope it is not inappropriate though.   if you or her would like to pm me: i'm here.  oh, and say hi to her from an internet stranger. i will be thinking of her. and hug her. lots of times, all the time. she needs it. :)
t3_3oyjnd-t1_cw1mgn5-cw1mkpc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5211	i don't think you can be 100% sure of anything.  however, i once gave him permission to sleep with some else and a friend later told me that it hurt his feelings.  i had been sick all summer (no sex).  i was diagnosed with colon cancer and as i started my 6 mo. of chemo i told him i knew it had been a long time and was probably going to be even longer now so if he needed to be with someone else, go ahead, just don't tell me about it.
t3_k6fpe-t1_c2hwfv0-c2i6oqu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6668	i was diagnosed with rectal cancer earlier this year after having been on a ketonic diet since mid january. it was determined to be stage 1 (that's good), small (that's better), and had not metastisized (that's excellent). i remained on ketosis during my chemo and radiation treatments (somewhat to my oncology doctor's consternation) and i held up well under both types of treatment. i believe the low blood sugar helped keep the tumor quiescent.
t3_3i958y-t1_cueozwh-cueuep3	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know why you are getting down voted for this when you are absolutely right. when i was 26 i had to undergo chemo for colon cancer and the last thing i wanted was sex. over the six month cycle my girlfriend and i did little more than spoon. chemo is awful and exhausting and it leaves you too unhealthy for sex.
t3_2wne8b-t3_2wne8b-coslana	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7565	soup and metamucil.   my so is one year 'cancer free' after a stage 3 colon cancer diagnosis, surgery and 12 cycles of chemo.   he takes metamucil every day. he just started dividing his large dose in half and taking it twice a day.   during chemo, we made homemade soup on the first day and ate it on and off all week. warm and healthy, it helped a lot.   he should definitely be talking to his oncologist about his pain. he really shouldn't be in pain at this point.   good luck!
t3_1saz4m-t1_cdyvxc8-cdyxhak	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no idea, it really sucks. first they checked for parasites then colon cancer then krohns. last time i saw my doctor he pretty much just shrugged and said he had no idea what was going on.
t3_davzc-t3_davzc-c0yu54d	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it can be a fissure or hemorrhoids but you need to get it checked out. i believe crohns deasise the blood is black instead of bright red. inflamatory bowel syndrome and rectal cancer can be some of the more obscure causes. i had this and it isn't an emergency but it's good to get it checked out. go see a doctor because they can diagnosis.
t3_3pw20y-t3_3pw20y-cwae3km	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5937	i can believe this. a woman gave me a hug, then started smelling me over and over, asking what a weird smell. she said it was not bad, just strange. 4 months later thinking i was having an appendicitis, ended up being a tumor blocking my intestine, which was colon cancer.
t3_3mslbf-t1_cvi9kqu-cviahiv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	seems like women get brushed off just as easily, if not more.  a high school friend died around 30 with stage 4 colon cancer after being diagnosed with various "female problems."  hell, even the gastroenterologist who did my colonocscopy told me i was fine and they were only going to it because i was worried.
t3_215s69-t3_215s69-cga5x2a	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7912	six years ago, i was diagnosed with stage 4, metastatic colorectal cancer in my early thirties. i had all the typical symptoms of bowel cancer, but i was "too young" and by the time i convinced someone at my grad school university clinic to escalate me to a specialist, i had quite a large tumor that i spread to my liver.  i won't talk about the convoluted course of treatment i went through, but i will say that i'm a five-year survivor and my last ct several months ago was clear.  when i was diagnosed, i wasn't sure if i really was going to die, but maybe dying became a huge part of my life. none of my doctors had given me "the talk" and they encouraged me to stay optimistic. the worst i had was after the primary tumor had been removed and i was getting the survival rates based on just how bad it was. the surgeon said 40% survival at 5 years if i didn't have a liver operation to remove the metastasis and at the moment, the team had decided not to do the surgery (they changed their mind and i had it - a gruesome story for another time). i remember telling her that my chances were actually 0% or 100%, and that i would try to make them 100%. she smiled (something she rarely did) and told me to get back to living.  of course, this was difficult. even after all the treatments were over, you can't just go back to what you were before. i mean, i can't be that way before, whatever i was like. i'm not that person anymore. you can't spend a year preparing to die and not have that affect you. i lived a whole year not making plans three months in advance. yeah, that's right. "what are you doing this summer?"... "oh, i don't know. being one with the universe?" i just didn't think about the future because i didn't feel like i had one. it's a strange state to be in. i had to keep doing things to maintain myself, but i didn't sense a strong reason why i should. it was a bit like groundhog day, where i kept living for no discernible reason.  the horror of walking with death did fade, but it took a couple of years. for one thing, you aren't "out of the woods" with cancer for two years. if the primary comes back in the time, you're sort of fucked. so the idea that you could go down the rabbit hole again lurks with you, like a constant companion. i actually imagined death riding the bus with me, sitting behind me, following me to the store. death was my companion and no one else could see it back there.  i felt very separate from other people my age. they were having children, looking forward to the future - my illness meant i'd never give birth to a child, and what future had i anyway? i felt like the elderly. i was frail, i was near death, i was invisible to the healthy and "normal". slowly, as the immediacy of death receded, death went away. now, death is like an ex - i was in a relationship with it, now i'm not, but i remember it oh so clearly, and i know it will come back one day.  how did it change me? i seriously don't sweat small stuff anymore. sure, i still get upset when someone is mean to me, or i feel i've done something stupid socially, etc. i'm not in a rush anymore though, which surprises everyone. at the store, i let people check out before me. i wait quite patiently. it's all extra days to me now anyway.  i'm unemployed, so going to job interviews is tough. i don't like to say i'm a cancer survivor because i think i won't get a job as a "sick person". i often feel like i survived something i shouldn't have and i am now a ghost of a sort - that i persist in a world that has no use or place for me. i often think of my purpose, "i survived cancer for this?"  an extension of this is that my father died a year before my diagnosis. if i hadn't been treated, i probably would have died three months after the point the doctors found the tumor. i did not have long left, mostly because i was starving because i couldn't eat anymore. i often feel like i should have died because my dad and i were very close. he was my best friend. i feel like we made a pact that we'd be together the next time around, probably as siblings. i reneged on that and i feel sorry for it. i feel like i cheated myself out of something great.  we all die. i wouldn't want to live forever. time flows by like a river. it is fast, and it is gone so quickly. i look for new things and adventure, but i feel very alone now, as if others can sense my brush with death and keep away. but children and animals are kinder to me now. maybe they can sense it too and because they are not afraid, i am a kindred spirit to them. life is much lonelier now only because i am not like most people any longer.
t3_1tjpag-t3_1tjpag-ce8ymdt	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with rectal cancer in june of this year. currently post surgery and have 7 more chemo treatments to go. i have an loop iliosotmy, because my tumor was blocking my rectum fully and nothing could get out. i get diarrhea from the chemo too thou and i would find my self emptying my bag 8+ times a day. i take imodium before i eat to help slow down the digestive track. i also take 10mg oxycodone in the morning and night for nerve pain from the surgery, but as an opiate it slows down the bowels as well. ask his doctor about those medications. also if he is not able to hold in his bowel movements a temporary bag  ( loop ileostomy) might be something to think about. i know its not something that people want to have ( im 25 and i cant wait until i have mine reversed). but getting the bag saved my life. i couldnt eat because of the blockage, and lost 20 lbs in 3 weeks. if you have any other questions feel free to send me a pm.
t3_445n6l-t1_cznu3sr-cznudab	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well i took another test but the lab said it was too dry to test. the gastroenterologist claimed that means that i don't have it anymore. i just picked up another test today just to see. edit: i recently submitted another third test however the lab lost somehow which is ridiculous because i gave him the piece of paper with my name and the doctor's name address and phone number on it but whatever. so with this fourth test hopefully i'll get the results back. the thing is i'm really not wanting to do a colonoscopy or a ct scan on my stomach because research says that they don't really do anything and simply increase your chances for cancer. my grandma had colon cancer so i'm like 90% sure if i let them do these tests on me that i'm going to die of colon cancer later on.
t3_1vh027-t1_cesc90b-cesnk2b	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5046	yeah, i got off kind of easy since i had rectal cancer. from what i saw with other patients during treatment i got some perspective. where most cancer patients have to fight through hell to survive, i just got a guided tour. i still had to go through hell but i didn't have to go on every ride.
t3_wl84t-t1_c5eahps-c5ebn59	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	growing up we had an amazing family doctor that everyone but my dad visited. he did everything- xrays, stitches, cleaning wounds when we stopped in to see if we really needed to go to the hospital (accident prone kids ftw!), everything we needed. my dad hadn't been feeling well and his doctor told him it was just the flu but he still wasn't feeling well months later. mom convinced him to visit our doctor who immediately knew what was up and sent him to some cancer doctor (no idea what they are called).  as it turned out my father had colon cancer that had progressed to his liver. i will be forever grateful to our doctor- my father didn't live but we knew what was going on for nine solid months. he gave us the gift of knowing that he had cancer, of knowing that he might die, and of knowing what was going on with his body. years later after my father passed away we convinced my fathers mother to visit him for something. when she got back her response was "he's okay, *but you didn't tell me he was black*." what a cunt.
t3_11ltnb-t1_c6npa84-c6npfwu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that would be more appropriate for colon cancer.  testicular cancer bracelets should be peach/brown/asian colored with long black pube-like material scattered around its surface.  they could also make one that looks like it has red pubes but that would just be fucking gross.
t3_4i298j-t1_d2ufrjr-d2uhazo	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5017	if you had it for 18 years it's maybe something like chronic colitis, basically bleeding ulcers in the colon.  i had a doctor tell me in no uncertain terms that i probably had colon cancer when i had blood in my stool.  but a colonoscopy proved it to be ulcerative colitis.  can be helped with expensive medicine (of course), which they tell you to take for the rest of your life, but i stopped after the first prescription ran out and so far i'm fine.  of course you should consult a doctor.
t3_1uzt64-t3_1uzt64-cenjfl9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6628	seriously, fuck cancer.  i lost my dad 2 years ago; from diagnosis to his passing was about 2 months.  it was a rare form of skin cancer and his case was even rarer because it actually originated in his colon and spread silently internally for at least a year with no warning signs.  it was when his kidneys failed that he decided he was too tired to keep fighting and made the decision to be comfortable and just go.  i know how precious these final moments are.  what an awesome person your mom is and i'm truly sorry that you have to go through this.  hugs to you both.
t3_277z4l-t3_277z4l-chynmcl	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7482	my grandpa had colon cancer and had been sick for months... he had been in the hospital this last stint for a couple of weeks and although i was only 12 i knew he would  not be coming out. all of his brothers and sisters had come as well as my aunts and uncles and cousins. he had been having trouble breathing for at least a full day where his breath was rattled and loud. the last hour he was alive everyone was going in and out of the room and at one point it was just my dad  and i in the room. i don't know what i was doing exactly but i was not looking directly at my grandpa but all of a sudden i heard him take a clear, deep breath...like a sigh. he took three of those and then passed away. they seemed to be the first pain free breaths he had taken in a long time and there was nothing scary or unsettling about it. it was very peaceful. my grandma on the other hand was completely different and had a "death rattle" for quite some time, which i did not see, but i know upset my mother very much. everyone is different. my grandmother also died of cancer but also suffered from alzheimer's.
t3_3xvh51-t1_cy8cwl6-cyawl3w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5016	as someone who just fell in love with someone with stage 4 colon cancer that has gone in remission after 6 months of chemo, i appreciate your story.  my family is looking at our relationship as self-destructive because we all know it might break me if he were to succumb, but somehow, i feel like i won the lottery with him. i'm really glad you feel like you're a better person for having your relationship. it validates my own feelings. thank you for sharing!
t3_214een-t3_214een-cg9ib24	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7584	i have a "i &lt;3 boobies" bracelet that i haven't taken off in years.  a very good friend of mine was diagnosed with breast cancer a number of years back.  when i found out, i bought the bracelet and told her i would wear it until she was better.  she eventually went into remission and 'beat' it, but i still wore it just out of habit.    not too long after she was in the clear, her husband was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer.  he was told he had a little less than a year to live.  or.  they could try a very new and *very* experimental treatment.    so i told them both i would continue to wear it until he too had won his battle.  the cancer took him just about 8 months ago.  i still wear it, and to be honest, i have no plans of ever taking it off.  i can't believe just typing this actually made me cry.  i am such a little bitch.
t3_14mvdt-t3_14mvdt-c7el5pt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it wasn't colon cancer, it was a hernia.  edit backstory: so i went to the bathroom and after i was done i noticed there was a considerable amount of blood in my stool. i had remembered from a previous internet session that one of the symptoms of colon cancer was blood in your stool. so i drove to the doctor and he found that it was just a hernia. it was probably just overreacting but i was still considerably frightened at the thought that i could, possibly, have cancer.  edit 2: i had a major brain fart and wrote hernia all those times when i meant hemorrhoids. it wasn't a hernia, it was hemorrhoids.
t3_1p1t5f-t1_cczehxm-cczgiou	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5128	actually,i don't think about it too much at this point,it is a part of our life,like my asthma,his limp,whatever.i wish he was in great health,but just happy he is here.  his first severe colon perforation when he was near death was the worst,it is heart wrenching to sit in icu and watch other family come in one at a time when you know they are saying goodbye. we were blessed with good drs and he got out of hospital 28 days later and 55 lbs thinner. sepsis,multiple surgery,pneumonia with collapsed lung. after that,the rest is gravy as they say.  he has an awesome attitude and very seldom complains. i lost my first husband to cancer when i was 32 he was 42. aggressive lung cancer 72 days from diagnosis to his death. mostly i just feel very very lucky.
t3_2uaul5-t3_2uaul5-co6td1q	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm 49, and the colon cancer surgery i had three weeks ago makes me feel old. the good news is i caught it extremely early and it hasn't spread to the lymph nodes to no chemo.
t3_33zly2-t1_cqqhbo2-cqqhwgv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had colon cancer, not lung cancer, but it was probably causally related.  i think smoking causes an increase in several cancer types, although lung is the most obvious.  i don't know what the measure was for the nicotine.  it was the highest amount, i know that.  i didn't wean down b/c i hadn't started a plan to quit, it was a sudden opportunity.  and i think cold turkey was the better approach for me.  like i said, i can't do a little nicotine, it's all or nothing.
t3_47sjze-t1_d0fdp8u-d0fepi1	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8372	sometimes the son of a bitch is when there is no family history and you get diagnosed with stage 4 at age 30.   i just think colon cancer sucks and we should just find a better way to screen and prevent. not that i have any ideas how to do that.  but man, this sucks.
t3_290uo8-t3_290uo8-ciglolh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6709	my dad died from cancer that started in his colon.  as a result, at age forty i had a colonoscopy.  the worst part of it was the prep.  that sucked, but it was well worth knowing that not only do i not have polyps of any kind, but i don't have any other issues either. colon cancer is slow to grow, so i won't need another one until i am fifty. the only thing i would suggest with the mix you drink is don't drink it cold. i was told to drink it cold, and i was freezing, but couldn't really take a bath.
t3_1amqdn-t3_1amqdn-c92jp9a	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7599	my husband's friends have been far more distant since his initial diagnosis of stage iii colon cancer in 08/2010. now he is stage iv and it is inoperable and i find his closest friends stay away even more. i don't know if they are afraid, don't know how to respond or what to say.   i don't have the luxury of hiding and/or denying that my husband will eventually be taken from me. i face this with him and i am terrified.   i don't know what the right answer to "what should i do/say?" is. people offer to help me, but i feel better, more in control of the situation, if i just do it all myself. it is quite tiring.
t3_3l5mjz-t3_3l5mjz-cv3j2uj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	**triumph:** life is pretty good right now. i was taking inventory of all the things i have going on and it made me happy that i have so many positive people and things in my life.   **struggle:** my uncle was diagnosed with colon cancer recently and my dad's doctor told him that i should go get a colonoscopy which kind of scares me. sorry if this is an over-share.  **general chat:** like /u/jimbeamshusband it's situational for me. i'm less ashamed than i used to be about telling people i used to drink too much however i'm still selective about who i share that with. sometimes it's as simple as no thanks. other times i tell people i stopped for health reasons and leave it at that.
t3_2rumxe-t3_2rumxe-cnk4613	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad died of colon cancer when i was starting the 8th grade and i remember grieving as anyone who lost a loved one would, but what really made me feel the most depressed was that i was gradually forgetting what he smelled like. i know it sounds weird but hear me out; my dad would say goodbye to us before he would leave for work and give us a hug. this was part of my daily routine and so i began to associate the cologne he would wear with him. after he died that part of my routine stopped and after awile i began to notice that his smell (the cologne) was fading from my memory. i never made a huge deal about it to my mom or anyone else but losing that piece of him made me feel like i was forgetting my dad and this sent me into a feeling i can only describe as shit. however, my freshamn year while getting dressed for homecoming my mom handed me a little glass bottle. i didn't know at first what it was but after opening it i realized it was my dads cologne. i still keep the bottle in my room and open it every now and then so i can remind myself of the little things about my dad.
t3_1611oo-t3_1611oo-c7rstey	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had a sore back from shoveling snow that wouldn't heal. i asked my dr.about it and he couldn't find any problems. i was 62 and had not had a colonoscopy, my dr. had been having me use fecal smear cards. they had all came back negative. this tine he recommended a colonoscopy. it was positive, stage 3b colon cancer, about 10 years in development. my blood protein markers were well within the proscribed limits and no inflamations. just before the surgery another dr. asked me to sign a release so he could keep the removed tissue. he was doing a study on colon cancers that exhibited no inflamation. i've now had an mri and 2 annaul cat scans and i am cancr free. it turns out that the back pain was a red herring, bone degenration revealed in the cat scan. tl;dr cancer yes! symptoms no!
t3_4ipeqz-t1_d30oo6e-d30se5b	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7586	that's how my boyfriend grew up too. he was diagnosed, last year, with stage 4 colon cancer with metastasis to the liver because he's under 50 and just thought he was tired. by then it was too late.
t3_4xj3qy-t3_4xj3qy-d6fw2yl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5306	when it happened- i received a phone call at 4 am that my sons father died. i woke my teenage son up to tell him. we were both in shock. (his father had stage 4 colon cancer for about 3 years.) after he came back from his fathers funeral he stopped taking care of himself and he was clearly grieving and depressed. normally my son would take showers (sometimes 2 a day) and iron his clothing... but he stopped bathing, eating, and stayed in his room. he mentioned he wanted to kill himself. his heart was broken.  we cried together. we talked. i respected his need to be alone, but he was almost too alone. sometimes i would go into his room and sit at the end of his bed and just sit without saying anything. i just wanted to be there in case he wanted to talk. it worked- he started talking more and more. i told him that if he wanted to go to grief counseling that it wouldn't be a problem and i would pay for it.   he started taking showers again and eating. for the next few months he had vivid dreams of his dad- like they were real conversations together. he would tell me about the dreams and the conversations of his dad apologizing for not being there for him and for all of the difficulties.   when he told me about the "conversations" with his dad in his dreams- i treated them as real conversations. i would say - what did your dad say next? how do you think your dad was feeling when he told you this? how did you feel when he told you this? i wanted him to process his feelings. i wanted him to feel his feelings and know it was okay to "feel" overwhelmed with despair because it's a natural process of grieving.   he was angry with his dad for a while. i told him it was okay, it's part of the grief process.   now a year later- he is fine, we still talk about his dad at times. my son is doing well socializing, good in school all that. he is very goal driven and he is planning for his future. i was worried he would turn to drugs or a substance during this grief process, but he hasn't. he actually joined a gym and is concerned about staying thin and fit. he really is a strong person mentally. he adapts well to changes. i actually need to learn from him and i'm the adult!
t3_32qbk5-t1_cqe6vrf-cqe9b50	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well fortunately rectal cancer doesn't just pop up like some other cancers. it isn't common in teens because it can take 10+ years to grow and get to stage 3-4. however due to it's slow nature, this is why when you go for things like rectal bleeding having a doctor do a proper exam is crucial. (that is not to say it can't be fast but my gi told me it's a slow growing the majority of the time.)
t3_2cbthx-t1_cjdvxrn-cjdwibq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've always had this problem.  i am never on a daily schedule.  my "normal" is nothing for 3 days, then a "busy" day, then another 3 days.  i remember going to a health fair when i was about 20, and there was a slideshow about colon cancer symptoms.  when it got to the part about "alternating between constipation and diarrhea, i realized i was doomed some day, because that has been my normal my entire life.  your question did prompt me to check my intake and most days i get around 25+ grams.  sure enough, this past week i'm closer to 15-20.  either is too low, however.  thanks for making me notice this!
t3_26bhk9-t1_chpguo7-chpjklv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7491	i'm 36 and had surgery for colon cancer about 6 weeks ago.  no family history, so they did some genetic testing.  not genetically predisposed to cancer.  they have no idea why i got it.  sometimes you just get "lucky" i guess.  fortunately it was found early enough that i don't have to have chemo.
t3_44z1ns-t1_czufbq3-czug7zt	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6522	damm i am sorry. a friends mom kept being undiagnosed as well until it was too late. she died of colon cancer at only 31. you really can't trust a lot of doctors because whenever you have a complaint they tend to brush it off and tell you that it's just anxiety.
t3_10ojp3-t1_c6fg0iu-c6fg7fg	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6561	i could well be wrong in how i understood the doctors, but as far as likelihood and percentages go it depends on whether onset was later in life and more likely lifestyle-related or general cancer cells that happened to develop or travel to the colon (generally less aggressive, as far as colon cancer goes, which of course is still aggressive), or whether it was a sudden onset at a younger age (generally very aggressive, progressing to stage four very very quickly). younger onset is more likely a genetic cause, due either to a genetic mutation/whatever or to directly inheriting it from someone with the same.   your grandmother got it very young as far as colon cancer goes, so i know that at least if i was your mum i'd get tested. my mum developed it very suddenly at age 40, she had some abdominal pain and got it checked out, and it was already stage four. she fought through it for a couple years, much longer than what the docs told her to expect, but still, it was too aggressive and happened too fast. i have a very high chance of getting it because of the genetic nature of my mum's diagnosis, but of course nothing's a definite sure thing. i've just been mentally preparing myself for it, while still keeping that bit of hope that it won't happen.  it never hurts to talk to your doctor and ask what they think would be best. i feel pretty confident in how i'm dealing with it mostly because i'm really open with my doc about it.  and i don't know what that un-asshole thing is haha. i figure the people around me love me for a reason so i'm not changing it.
t3_ptxgr-t3_ptxgr-c3s77oh	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6629	dude. listen to these people in here. my friend had blood in his stool. now he has colon cancer that spread to his liver. i don't want to scare you, but this is what happens when you ignore things and put it off out of fear.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hky2u	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6727	had colon cancer at 19. they cut it out. i don't have a colostomy bag or anything, because it was early stage and everything went as well as it can go.  i only sometimes get the sinking horrible feeling. you know, the one where you know that if something bad happened, you would be screwed because you don't have a real support system?  but i lived, and i intend to keep living. i have friends who are braver.
t3_3ses9d-t1_cwwyzdf-cwx9ooh	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	1 week after his 65th birthday.  had chain-smoked all through his stint in the navy in the 50's and had given it up by the time my husband was in his early teens. 25 years later, it was actually a colon cancer - small cell - that had metastasized and the chemo nearly killed him. after the 4th treatment he called it quits and the oncologist couldn't find any cancer.. but it had migrated into his lungs, which had sustained all that damage decades earlier. killed by a colon cancer that had set up in the lungs and it slowly suffocated him as it consumed them.  sucked 1,000 percent.
t3_1n294e-t1_ccez01w-ccezbho	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5032	my dad had abdominal pain but didn't think much of it. he only went to the doctor after my mum persuaded him to because she didn't think he smelled like himself and she was convinced something was going on in his body. he ended up being diagnosed with cancer of the colon and liver. obviously very anecdotal but interesting nonetheless.
t3_abbk3-t3_abbk3-c0gqnjw	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	early last year i was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer with mets to the liver and lung. death has become a very personal question for me. some days i am devastated by the fear and some days i am at peace with myself and on a really good day i might even feel a little excited about being born into something new. i don't worry too much about what will come afterward since i can't control that. i do think that energy doesn't dissapear it just takes on a different form. kind of like water that becomes an ice cube then water again then vapor then water etc.  i try to make sure i don't have any major regrets in this life (which is much easier said than done). i do worry quite a lot about the end life process. i'm afraid of being in pain and i absolutely hate the fact that my family will have to watch me die. but at the same time i want each moment that i get. the cancer has given me the motivation to tell my loved ones just how much they mean to me. i have also had the opportunity to come to terms with the fundamental christian faith that was instrumental in forming my spirituality (or concept of god i should say). i felt abused and absolutely rejected it at an early age and now am trying to come around to making peace with it. especially since i can't deny it's power over my formative years.
t3_35qu67-t1_cr79ps9-cr7k22a	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5003	pity marriage is someone who is really going the extra mile more than just a pity f**k.  ok, just to be clear downvote all you want. you know you were thinking it.   i make this joke from a position of knowledge. i was diagnosed with stage iv metastatic colon cancer a few years back and was not sure i was going to make it. great doctors saved me but during the whole ordeal my kids and i would joke about weather i "could play the cancer card" to get something. dark humor can help you get through dark times.
t3_offdn-t3_offdn-c3gxg2t	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'll share mine.   my mom was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2009. found out it moved into her lungs the next year and in total went through 2 rounds of chemo. she has also been dealing with depression. she used to smoke weed way back in the day but quit it all when she found out she was pregnant with me.   she just started smoking again about a month ago, and you can really tell the difference. she is a lot less irritable. she is happier.  she can eat regularly now and is just generally doing better given all the circumstances she is going through.   and she can roll a pretty nice joint. :)
t3_dtk5z-t1_c12trb6-c12w74x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	colon cancer does suck. my grandpa had it, survived. my father had it, survived. i'll probably get it at some point. a good friend/co-worker of mine recently had a cancerous colon polyp removed just a few days ago.    save the assholes ftw.
t3_3uwucf-t1_cxj2963-cxj50or	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	did you read what i even said? i said if it continues after he stops overeating to then do something about it instead of jumping the gun on something that is most likely a non-issue. also, i do, i am the one who would be most likely to have colon cancer considering i have had polyps since i was young and can't afford to just throw 2500 at a colonoscopy right now. it was insulting to me that he would just toss 1400 out over something he self-diagnosed from webmd. even his wife agreed with me.
t3_4wa2fb-t3_4wa2fb-d65ymou	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i noticed some bright red blood on the toilet paper after straining for a bowel movement.  i remembered that i'd noticed some pink in the bowl a time or two previously, and that i sometimes had some unexplained momentary pains in that general area.  i had a doctor's appointment in a week or two so i brought it up then.  without examining me, he declared it hemorrhoids and blamed it on my job where i spent a lot of time sitting.  i got my insurance through my employer.  as luck would have it, i changed jobs a few times during that stage of my life.  when i did keep a job, my employers would switch the insurance options they offered.  long story short, i had to switch doctors every year or two.  with every new doctor, we'd go over everything wrong with me.  i'd describe my symptoms and the new doctor would confirm it was probably hemorrhoids.  after 10-12 years of this, some bright red blood became lots of blood of varying shades of red, pink in the bowl became red chunks of stuff, momentary pains became days of pain.  my latest doctor finally sent me to a gastroenterologist who actually examined me and confirmed that i had hemorrhoids.  but because i had great insurance and worked at a hospital and he made all his money on unnecessary testing, he'd be happy to give me a colonoscopy even though i wasn't quite 50 yet.  one colonoscopy and several ct, mri, and pet scans later:  "metastatic colon cancer.  you have a huge tumor right where the colon meets the rectum.  you have other tumors in the liver, lungs, and lymph nodes.  this is a slow growing cancer so you've probably had it for 10 years or more for it to be this advanced.  you should have had this checked out earlier.  you have 6 months to live."  two years of chemo, two surgeries, and 6 weeks of radiation, and i am currently in year 4 of my 6 months to live.
t3_26bhk9-t1_chph8tx-chpj97q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5994	i had a similar situation around 2012.   around christmas of 2009 i started pooping blood. i didn't see a gp about it until late 2010 (embarrassment). he thought i might have internal haemorrhoids, but also that it may just be ibs. he told me to go and buy some ibs tablets over the counter, so i did. i took them and they helped a little with the pain and the cramps, but the blood was still gushing out several times a day. what i didn't know was that he wanted me back, because some screwup by somebody meant i never got the followup letter asking me to go for blood tests.  but anyway, it was another year of shitting blood, rushing to the toilet, occasionally soiling myself while out in public before i saw a doctor again. this time it was a different guy, i told him i think i probably have haemorrhoids, and his first question was: why didn't you come back for blood tests a year ago? immediately he prescribed me iron tablets for anaemia and told me to go for a blood test. a week later with the results he told me that i showed all the signs of having colon cancer, and that he was going to refer me to a gastroenterologist for a colonoscopy.  it was 2 weeks before i could be fitted into clinic for the procedure and they were the scariest 2 weeks of my life. it was the beginning of 2012, so it had been over 2 years since i'd first noticed signs. i thought to myself "i've had cancer for over 2 years, it could have been found over 2 years ago".   so i had the procedure, and the consultant told me during the exam that i had ulcerative colitis. such was my relief at the time, i didn't really process the fact that i have a disease i don't know a thing about. of course i was quick to research the fact it's a nasty illness itself, and the last 2-and-a-bit years since being diagnosed, going through trial-and-error with treatments, my health and mental state up and down like a rollercoaster, have been horrible to go through.   but hey, it's a lot better than being dead, which i very easily could be if it were colon cancer i had and not colitis. i'm sure there are probably a lot of people with stories about delaying a trip to the doctor who aren't able to tell them now.  oh, and i also live in the uk, was 20 when i first showed symptoms, 23 when diagnosed and 25 now. i am still an idiot.
t3_11xm4t-t3_11xm4t-c6qhq2x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i guess i'll share my story.   i was 18 years old at the time, and i was in the hospital to figure out what was wrong with me. this was the second hospital trying to diagnose the problem. the first hospital was stumped. 1 week earlier i had woken up coughing up blood, and i had lost about 25 lbs over the course of a few months. inexplicably.   anyway, dozens of tests were performed over the course of a few days,  including biopsies of lymph nodes and full body ct scans, and my parents were in the hospital with me, terrified that it could be cancer. cancer runs on my mothers side, and we've lost several family members to it.   one morning, very early, an oncologist came into the room and told me they were able to diagnose the problem. he was very frank about it, telling me that the biopsy showed that i had hodgkins disease and that it was quite advanced. stage 4a. he explained that it was a malignant disease, and that i was going to begin my first round of chemotherapy today, but that they would do everything they could to help me. i distinctively remember that he never once used the word 'cancer'. but at age 18 i knew what 'malignant' meant. he was not alarmist, he did not promise that he could cure me, and he did not try to comfort me. he just told me the facts and how they would try to treat the problem. within 5 minutes he was gone, and i was alone to deal with this new information.   my first response was to go into the restroom and cry. i remember just sitting on the toilet, full of dread at the thought of breaking the news to my mom. she had lost her mom to colon cancer, and i knew this would break her heart.   so i went to my bed and made the call. my mom picked up, and i told her the bad news. it's advanced hodgkin's disease, cancer, and i would have to endure many months of chemotherapy and radiation. to my surprise, she squealed with joy. started crying the loudest, happiest cry. i was dumbfounded. i was completely devastated, and here she was happy that i had this terrible diagnosis. i said, "what the fuck are you so happy about!"  turns out the doctors took my parents aside the day before and told them that there were 2 possible diagnoses: hodgkin's disease, which was a relatively curable form of cancer, or leukemia, which would likely end up with me dead in a few months given how advanced the cancer was. the doctors never once told me about the possible diagnoses, and the prospect of it being cancer was a distant fear given how young i was.  18 years later, i'm cancer-free. it was a struggle though. 8 months of chemotherapy. 2 months of radiation. 1 year remission. then it recurred. autologous bone marrow transplant for 6 months. 2 more months of radiation. and i have been cancer-free ever since.   that oncologist ended up saving my life.
t3_2wcgmc-t3_2wcgmc-copx3o8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	as others have said it is nothing to be ashamed of. when i was caring for my father while he went through pointless chemo after being diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that spread through out his abdomen, local hospice services had a weekly counciling  session where a worker visited the home so i could leave and just talk, vent, cry, rage, etc... with others.  it was the only thing that kept me from breaking down and just leaving him alone.  seek out such helpful services. if they were available is a backwater town in no whereville they have to be elsewhere too.  they know they are a burden and my father kept on telling me to just leave and let him starve etc.  it still hurts to think that you even had those "evil" thoughts but they only become "evil" when acted upon.  the best will come, have strength and enjoy any good times that may come.
t3_97kw3-t3_97kw3-c0bpuy0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't give me that. same shit happened to my aunt with colon cancer and i don't give a damn if it's an experimental treatment. it could save her life.
t3_3hyrqy-t3_3hyrqy-cubzjtj	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am late to the party but here's my story:   my mom was diagnosed with stage four colon cancer that metastasized to her liver in 2007. told her she had 6 months with no surgery and 1 year with surgery. she had surgery and then started chemo to try and get rid of everything. chemo wasn't working so she started experimental drugs. i moved back in with my parents to help out since my dad was a truck driver at the time and gone for a few days at a time. in 2012 my mom decided to stop drugs and let the cancer do what it was there to do. the night she told my dad he had a heart attack.   she came and got me and i called 911, did chest compressions, had her leave the house to get the neighbors so she wouldn't have to see what i was doing to my dad.   two days later i held his hand as he died in the hospital; a week before my birthday.   my mom stopped drugs, started at home hospice care. her liver started to fail, she went jaundice, 6 months after my dad died and 3 days after mother's day i held my mom's hand as she died.   may not be the most depressing story on reddit, but pretty depressing to me.
t3_3sz2le-t1_cx1rb34-cx1rnmi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6784	i agree! i definitely don't think i have authority over anyone's healthcare. and i think push is the wrong word. i guess recommend is more accurate to say. i feel like i tend to think of testing when people mention certain things.  like, the other night a coworker told me his dad had just been diagnosed with parkinson's. also, his grandfather and father had both had colon cancer. he also mentioned getting a colonoscopy a few years ago (he's in his 20s)  when he was feeling really sick, and they removed polyps. i asked him if he had considered looking into that more and he said yes. then because he knows what i'm interested in, he asked some questions and we talked about it more. i told him what i knew but said he should talk to his doctor for further information and direction if he was interested.  i just realize i am concerned for my friend because of the things i know about genetics. and she's a wonderful person who i would hate to see get cancer. because she's involved in health sciences, i'm positive she knows cancer has genetic and hereditary components. i'm just not sure if anyone in her family would have thought to be tested though. and they don't exactly live in a gc-rich area.   i'm just trying to figure out a way to express this concern and if it's even appropriate given that she is my friend.
t3_2rvwwu-t1_cnjs2ny-cnjuozu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i shat blood for a bit, so i figured i'd get it checked out. my doctor said it was a hemmoroid, which is what i expected, being fairly young, colon cancer seemed out of the question. so i told her while she was down there she might as well check it all out. i was healthy, but told to lay off the cheese if i want it to go away faster.   if you thought i was going to have a story of where the health system failed me, well you won't get one because i don't have one. but when it comes to your health you should never brush it off. especially if you're in your late 30s-early 40s.
t3_2znbho-t3_2znbho-cpklrj0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	he looks extremely young. as someone where colon cancer runs in their family it puts a lump in your throat and your gut when this happens.   i need to start getting checked.   i had no idea his health situation was anything this severe. i assume he did it for long as he could and he enjoyed it.  rip matthew wuest. i hope he understood how much joy and entertainment capgeek brought.
t3_1xbwlk-t1_cfadgde-cfadlws	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6626	i had all of my colon removed in 95 when i was 18 because my uc was that bad, 60 mg of prednisone a day and i would start to bleed again when they tried to work me down.  it sounds like his might not be as bad as mine was, mine was chronic so he might have different circumstances.  if he can have a decent quality of life without surgery then that is prob the better decision, i would think that colon cancer would be the main concern but as long as he has frequent colonoscopies he should be ok.  surgery is a hit and miss thing even in these days, you can read about some of my nightmares in my post history or i will be tell you if you want to know, but i have had it pretty ruff, if he can make it ok with out surgery it is prob better, i am not a dr. just been dealing with this for 22 years.
t3_2ydtw5-t3_2ydtw5-cp8swoj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6601	less than a month. the appointment where i was told i should strongly consider surgery was on 20th (didn't know it was cancer yet). went back for an office visit to schedule surgery, go over all the pre-surgery stuff, and get prescriptions on the 26th. surgery was the 15th of the next month and could have been earlier except i chose to have it done on a monday  - since i had to do colon prep, having it done any other day of the week would have meant an additional day off work (not that it really mattered in the long run since it turned out to be cancer and i missed tons of work for chemo anyway).  the only time i think my insurance has caused issues was with my post-surgery hospital stay. i feel i was discharged sooner than i should have been.
t3_23mu77-t1_cgym5i6-cgz6hcw	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad chose to go out like a boss in his own home.  he passed away from colorectal cancer.  the last 4 days he spent gasping for air, moaning, groaning, gurgling, and peeing out sludge.  it was hard to see, but once i found out that i couldn't o.d. him with the morphine and ativan supplied by hospice, i kept him pretty-well drugged up during his last days.  it kills me to see someone in pain.  i had relayed my concerns that i was afraid that if i gave him too much morphine that i'd straight up kill him, but hospice assured me that what i had on hand i could have technically given him all at once and it wouldn't have overdosed him.  after that i was extremely liberal with his dosages.  tl;dr seeing my dad suffer on the way out of a long 5 year cancer battle
t3_46ne23-t3_46ne23-d074hk8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	colon cancer has different stages. it's not always fatal. my father had it, was completely cured of it through surgery alone, and he lived for another 20 or 25 years after. another friend had it too, he had surgery and then chemo, and he lived for several more productive years. it's not always fatal, and modern medicine can stretch out the time remaining for some meaningful life to still be lived.   managing it is has as much to do with personal attitude as it does with the medical aspects. you have to be prepared for all outcomes possible, while remaining very positive. i had a short conversation with my father about this once when he looked like he wouldn't recover from the surgery. he suddenly did a reversal and completely recovered and he was pronounced fully cured, all rather suddenly. i attribute that to his attitude as much as the medical intervention. it can happen! don't be negative right off the bat.
t3_z8fuy-t1_c62l8d1-c62o79z	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6689	i had the same experience. my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer and passed away when i was 8. i didn't remember saying goodbye to him, but the next morning i asked my mom where my daddy was, and she said "daddy passed away" then, while crying she said, "i knew he was going to ask that." went to my basement and cried for hours. glad you got to say that. it was always hard for me to tell people that. thank you for sharing!
t3_3edg4g-t1_ctebpfn-ctegbtu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i knew a girl in grade school who claimed to be engaged to a professional wrestler. she was 15, he was like 26 or something. i was told to not talk to her mom about it because "she doesn't want people to know until i'm 18." i would go over and she'd say he was coming over, but he would always "call" and say something came up. we were friends for like two years and i never saw him.  another girl i went to school with pretended to have colon cancer and pretty much told us she was going to die because i think she was moving. guess what? she didn't move and lost all of her friends.  is sympathy or "cred" really worth ridiculously obvious lies?
t3_1i9qqj-t3_1i9qqj-cb2fr4j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6779	emotionally: i have a colonoscopy and endoscopy tomorrow. i am only 20, with no family history of colon cancer but i am absolutely mortified. i have been having emotional breakdowns all week, this is by far the most trying week of my life so far. i am so scared. i know that the odds of me having cancer are slim to none, but i am terrified that i am going to wake up tomorrow after the procedure with them having found cancer. granted the only reason the doctor was concerned (according to my mom who was with me at the gp appointment) was because of my reaction to her suggesting the test. she didn't even sound worried at any of my symptoms, but i've read stories online about kids my age with stage 4 colon cancer with very similar reactions from doctors.  i want to live a long full life, but i know that if i have colon cancer that i probably will not, and i will be sick and scared, and in general just never be happy again. i am so scared.
t3_3r4835-t1_cwkt673-cwkzmi7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7905	sorry to hear that man. my grandfather had colon cancer and died from it which was rough but your mother sounds strong and i hope she makes it out. brain cancer can be tough but it can still be beat, stay strong man, for ya moms sake
t3_1viwkk-t3_1viwkk-cesulh9	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7341	i was weak and easily fatigued.  like an asshat i ignored it and figured i was just not taking care of myself properly.  i went to my gp with back pain (unrelated but lucky) and my blood tests showed i was really, really anemic.  doc checked my stool and saw blood so he said it's an ulcer, go see a gi.    the gi checked my upper tract with an endoscopy and found nothing so i had a colonoscopy.  there they found a tumor in my ascending colon that had been bleeding, causing the anemia.
t3_2wvsox-t3_2wvsox-couks2j	colon_cancer	relevant	0.672	my bio father.  back story:  parents married in 59, divorced in 65.  four kids.  he had nothing to do with us, refused to pay support, etc etc.  fast forward, my stepfather passes away and suddenly bio-dad comes to visit my mom, and they end up remarrying in 05.  he treated her extremely bad, she ended up with colon cancer which she died from.  during her chemo, radiation, when she was very ill he insisted she still fix his meals, take care of him, insist she get up at 7 a.m. to fix his breakfast. he did nothing to help in any way.  she was so miserable and instead of her husband helping we kids had to rally and take care of mom.    when she would say she felt badly he would say she had no idea what feeling bad was, because he felt much worse.   after mom passed he told me how he was glad mom finally had a good husband, meaning himself.  i exploded, telling him exactly how great of a husband he was, just let it all out.  he denied everything, said i was insane, and that i was just mad that mom didn't leave me any money.  cut off all ties with him and haven't spoken to him since that day.  but i still have feelings of guilt.  he's 79, living alone, not very mobile and lives off tv dinners.  he has no friends period, so he's alone all the time.  his doing, but occasionally those feelings of guilt creep up.
t3_1d35qp-t1_c9mhh8a-c9mve6a	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was just talking with my mom about the pills she takes. she was diagnosed with colon cancer in january, had major surgery and is now doing chemo. shes already mentioned she could have bought a new house or a few new cars with all the treatment/pills etc shes receiving--its only been 4 months---and shes had chemo treatment *twice* (only 6 more months to go.. /unenthusiastic *yay*)  im lucky enough that she can afford good treatment. she has excellent insurance and a great provider who supports her (and demands the best for her). but its just absurd the prices they have to pay in order to do this.   i couldnt imagine being financially unsecure and then having to undergo cancer treatment. i would probably give up on life at that point. watching my mom go through this is miserable--not only is it soul crushingly difficult, its not 100%--there is still a chance my mom will just fucking die because of cancer even after all this treatment.  cancer sucks. the people who make money off cancer patients suck even more.
t3_2m5w1n-t1_cm1bu7x-cm1cpzy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5927	yep. my granddad's colon cancer metastasized in his lungs. he "beat cancer" and then didn't follow through with regular screenings. ten years later, it showed up again only this time it had moved into his lungs because it went unchecked.
t3_15atzq-t3_15atzq-c7kzbln	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had a hernia surgery approximately 9 years ago.  i was wheeled into the theatre on the table and before i was gassed, i was talking to the surgeon.  or at least trying to.  he was, i presume, pakistani, very friendly but he had a very thick accent.  i was trying to tell him that i wore the same branded gumboots back when i was a butcher.  next story, a prequel if you like.  i had been in pain for a few years.  i had doctors and specialists convinced that i had testicular cancer and i was going through all the scans, poking and prodding and ball-squeezing and colon tickling that goes with it.  a friend's mother suggested i go see a gp who had recently arrived in town.  south african guy.  she explained that in south africa, the gp's do a bunch of smaller surgeries right out of their practices and so he may have seen my symptoms before.  sure enough, he poked hard with his finger (you likely know where) and asked me to cough, instantly diagnosed an inguinal hernia, i met the specialist and surgeons the following week, and two weeks after that i had my surgery (and on the public system too!)  so, to answer your questions: no and yes.
t3_1zth6y-t1_cfwx7g1-cfx21mg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i won't say where i work, but i will say that it is a perfectly normal job and was put up for colon cancer awareness month. it's safe to say that it boosted awareness, so mission accomplished. that said... it's just so weird.
t3_191k9h-t3_191k9h-c8jy7vj	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	greetings from another san diegan. no question, but a comment … i lost my dad to colon cancer. he was a 64 y/o vet. he had some symptoms at age 61. he ignored them because he didn't want a colonoscopy. once the cancer was identified, he lived another 18 mos. he had surgery and chemo, but it was too late. if you have family you are close too, please, for their sake, have the colonoscopy. his death was painful and without dignity, and totally premature because he was stubborn. edit: thank you for your service and for this ama. since i see you were in korea, i would like your take on how the north's nuclear saber-rattling is going to affect the us.
t3_1894b1-t1_c8cpskm-c8cpuma	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, i'm fine, haha, this is just what i'm studying :) i had to get one because my grandpa had colon cancer so the family was encouraged to go in early, but i'm good. this is all for homework, blerg. :)
t3_1nh59r-t1_ccilt1h-ccimnb3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5286	i'm sorry. your post didn't get me a red envelope for some reason.  yes. he had colon cancer not long after a small stroke. he ended up in hospice for about 8 days, no food or water. it was horrendous. it was his choice. i'm very glad he was my father. i'm glad i spent what time i did. i'm the 5th of 10. i didn't really know him much when i was young. he worked a lot, and spent lots of time hiding from us in his elks club (a private bar restaurant). we became close when i was an adult.
t3_2czuhf-t3_2czuhf-cjpwshv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.657	late to the game but i will throw my 2 cents in.   but first a little history: i was diagnosed with uc in 2010 though so i've had it 4 or 5 years. i went through a couple goes of prednisone with salofalk and saw little to no improvement. they put me on imuran afterwards and also saw little to no improvement. last year they started remicade.  that was in may. they ramp you up to the actual infusion every 8 weeks. so you go, then come back at 2 weeks then 4 weeks then 6 and finally 8. i made it to 4. they doubled the dose then. went to six weeks and it was like i hadn't taken anything. so they put me on the maximum dose for my weight. a dose you'd get every 8 weeks but i got it every 4.   november rolls around and i get scoped. my large intestine is basically in tatters. they're afraid of cancer at this point so my two gis talk to my liver specialist and my endo and by the first week of december i was referred to a surgeon who specializes in colorectal cancer. i saw her in january and by march i had a total proctocolectomy, the total removal of both my large intestine and rectum.   this was always on the table for me but it was projected at the 10 year mark due to my massive likelihood of cancer. it runs in my family and i have two other diseases that increase the risk. but ultimately it was my decision to go ahead with the surgery now, to forego trying a different biologic. i had spent 4 years in a flare with no remission so i was ready for it to be over.   and i am so happy i did it. despite nearly dying twice in the hospital post op because of hospital staff mistakes,  it was the best decision i ever made. i am a 24 year old female who has suffered from a body image issue (who doesn't?) because my weight didn't match the distended abdomen, the puffy joints, etc. now my body is beautiful. it matches and i look amazing. my stomach is flat, my legs are toned and my arms are as well. but i love my stomach even with the temp. ileostomy.   it is important to explore all your options. you should try every drug your doctor wants because you could die on the operating table. you could wake up with a permanent ileostomy (which i honestly don't think is a bad thing but for you it might be). you could suffer any one of the many side effects of surgery. general anesthesia is no simple thing. you may never wake up. you could be entirely infertile. as a male, your nerve endings could be shot and you may never get an erection again. as a female, it's mainly infertility to worry about but you also can lose sensitivity or sex can become painful. your sex drive could be nonexistent.  surgery should be your last defence. it is a dangerous step to take in a war against your body. but it should be a card in your back pocket. talk to your doctor about all of your options. talk to your family and friends, even talk to a qualified professional. maybe even give yourself an end date. if i am not better by x, i will have it removed. if your current doctor doesn't support that, you can find one who will.
t3_4rsii3-t3_4rsii3-d54zq4p	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad died from stage 4 colon cancer. it is terrible. he was 65 at his time of death, they found it when he was 62. i still think it is too young for someone to die, but who am i to say that? we had in-home nurses every two or three days to check on him. my mother and i administered his nutrition through his picc lines, along with antibiotics and any other meds he needed. in his last year he would seem to get better for a few days - walking around and fiddling in his shop, and then he'd be back bed-ridden for a few weeks. in the last 3 weeks of his life, his cancer had spread to his entire body, brain included, aiding in him gaining dementia. it wasn't the "i see angels" type ordeal - i believed he could see those...it was him forgetting my name, thinking i was my sister, thinking his ex-wife was still alive (died in 2004), things of that nature. he then sort of went comatose. he was unresponsive for 4 days, fever on and off (we'd administer medication through his picc to bring it down), and one night he woke up for a few hours while i was gone, told my mama how much he loved her, kissed her, and uttered "i love you" over and over again until he went back to sleep. over the next 3 hours, my sister-in-law (a nurse) stayed by my mom's side checking his heart-rate every 10 minutes. at 5:13 am, he took 4 breaths with a heart rate so low they couldn't count them. 5:14 am, 3 breaths and they could no longer hear his heart. 5:15 am, 2 breaths. 5:16, he took his final breath. you may think i'm lying to you, but in all of the truth i can muster, the clock on the wall beside him froze up at 5:16 and hasn't worked since, even with new batteries.   i'm so sorry for you dealing with this. cancer does truly suck more than anything. i was only able to stay strong because of my mother. he was the only person she ever loved. he saved her from a terrible step-father and an "enabling to the step-father" mother. he was 30, she was 16 (in the 70's). they never left each other's side until his dying day &lt;3
t3_2qzgq7-t1_cnb4drj-cnb4f0z	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it was five years ago, hoping i'm still good. pooping blood is not normal and colon cancer is really deadly but really treatable.
t3_11wx41-t3_11wx41-c6qlytp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that is so awesome. i just lost my father to colon cancer two months ago, and i just ran my first half marathon this weekend. when it got really hard, this is basically what i was thinking to myself. i look forward to receiving my shirt in the mail. :)
t3_3ovlc6-t1_cw14e6x-cw1w8j8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5	&gt;he was given 2-3 years.  the average survival is 2-3 years but the average person with stage 4 colon cancer is 60+.  it's really a shitshow as to how it goes. he could, as hard as it is to say, be gone in under a year god forbid, but he could also survive well beyond the 3 year estimate depending on how he responds to treatment and if any new advancements are made in that time.  the biggest shame is he's basically going to be cycling chemo the entire time and he'll be stuck with "chemo brain" which he's said makes it hard for him to play games.
t3_456pka-t3_456pka-czvv83y	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i went to my gp because of some pain i was having. i had googled my symptoms and gotten the result of kidney stones on web md. when i told him what i thought and why he laughed and told me the internet was an idiot and i needed to be scoped because it was definitely not kidney stones. i was like, okay, cool you are a doctor. i trust you. he prescribed some tests for colon cancer and referred me to a gastro. i told the specialist my symptoms and he asked me why i thought i needed to be scoped. i was honest and told him that i didn't and why i thought it was kidney stones. he agreed that was likely the case and sent me to a urologist. the urologist agreed and sent me to get x-rays. kidney stones confirmed. needless to say i changed my gp. he was bent. he asked why and i told him. he was still bent. moral of the story... some doctors shouldn't be doctors and get mad at people who search their symptoms, out of insecurity.
t3_483ixx-t3_483ixx-d0hj01f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have hnpcc (lynch syndrome).   whilst i have significantly higher chance of developing colon or bowel cancer (80% lifetime risk) because it is diagnosed i undergo annual screening so at lower risk than general population of developing a stage 2 or stage 3 cancer which have highly likelihood of death.   colonoscopy and endoscopy are not too bad.  i get a general at peter mac.  worst part is the prep and inevitable 3-4 hour wait at day surgery where you cant drink or eat.
t3_2s0vrk-t3_2s0vrk-cnlkhrq	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6201	i would definitely get checked out. pain like that does not sound normal.  a friend of mine was diagnosed with colon cancer shortly after she gave birth. her doctors (and herself as a nurse) had ignored her symptoms playing them off as pregnancy symptoms. the whole situation was just really unfortunate and frustrating.  anyways, i am *not* saying this is what you have, but what i  saying is that you shouldn't use pregnancy as an excuse to allow you to be in extreme pain. it's much better to over-react than under-react in situations like this. it could be totally "normal", but it sounds like you need relief regardless, so i'd suggest going to the er.
t3_1vsdyl-t1_cevj3r4-cevkhg0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this. i keep thinking about what happens if i lose my dad too. he travels every week, has smoked since he was 18, and had colon cancer when i was 6. i don't know what i would do without my parents. i don't know what my dad will do without my mom.   i'm so sorry to hear about your mom. i've never known what to say to people who have lost someone. now i'm in a position to lose someone and i realize maybe it's just as hard to talk about it from this end.
t3_3ymgn9-t1_cyevxkw-cyexrkd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i apologize for the slightly unnecessary statement. the entire reason i even mentioned it is because my father is a narcissist and it seems to be a common opinion that i should just forgive him(my brothers and old family friends in particular share this sentiment) and family is family and i should forgive anything he does, no matter how physically or mentally abusive. when my mother was still alive (she died at 55 due to colon cancer unforunately) she would always urge me not to forgive him, it wasn't until i got older that i realized she was right. some people just think that you should forgive family no matter how they treat you. i myself have realized over the years that it only makes my life worse to give him the satisfaction of being a "good father" by keeping in touch which retroactively makes him believe that i forgive him for his wrongdoings. i always hear it's normal to beat your kid and all sorts of things like that and i should forgive him because that's just how it was then. sorry if that wasn't clear by the tone of my comment.
t3_2y422a-t3_2y422a-cp8lxv2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6797	i'm so sorry to hear that you are going through this. this is one of the scariest parts of cancer - not knowing the full diagnosis yet. especially when it can be anything from "nothing" to "full blown" and they just don't know. it's like flip flopping between "omg, i only have a short time to live" to "what the heck am i worried about, it's nothing."  when i was in that place (my situation was similar, but with rectal cancer, and tests took a month to figure out. it ended up being barely stage 2.), i only told 1 person besides my husband. i told the one person who i knew would be able to understand and not make me more upset or scared.   i figured, until then, it was just speculation, and there was no reason to pull people into that.   once i got the diagnosis, i told 2 more people, who helped me through surgery.   and once i had the surgery and was ready to start chemo, i then told all my friends who i felt needed to know.   it worked very well for me, and allowed me to process it on my own terms, rather than people constantly worried about me during a time when i had little or no information.   also, it was a very private area. i might have done it differently if it were breast cancer or skin cancer. but i don't know, i think it was a good choice. it allowed me my husband and one friend to talk to, but i didn't have so many people knowing that it was constantly surrounding me at the beginning. now, my life is cancer treatment, so having everyone know is easier, since it's everyday all the time.   your feeling scared and not wanting to tell people, or burdening them, is normal. i would say, tell the people who you know will make you feel better by telling them, and that's it. at least for now. and then be scared. it's ok. and also know, that it's ok not to be scared sometimes, too, and live like everything is fine. you are in the in-between state, which is rough, but it's also not set yet.   we called it "schroedinger's cancer" to make it easier. and when the doc gave us the news, we called it "opening the box to see the cat".   crossing my fingers for you that it's just a thick lining, nothing else, and that you'll get the all ok call very soon.
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqezme2-cqf4syj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6526	which is still kind of nuts (i say, after being diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer at age 33). i know i'm not a statistic, but sometimes it's just a crapshoot.
t3_50gu8q-t3_50gu8q-d73zylw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	what is everyone doing today?   i think what i am going to do is spend a max of one hour on content by either reading over a kaplan quicksheet or maybe doing 1-2 cars passages right before i go to bed. otherwise, i'll be playing fallout 4, exercising, packing for my upcoming vacation, stress eating, etc haha.    i found this video last night that everyone should watch, put some things in perspective for me: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0xc3xdoiggi  i can't comment on the scientific validity of what he's saying, as i don't feel like looking into it right now. but what he basically talks about is how we "self-lobotomize" ourselves when we act all anxious or freak out under stress. in order to have clear and precise thinking, we need to have stable and rhythmic physiology. breathe steadily, think happy thoughts (this is just one test, i can retake it if i need to, i am as prepared as i can be) and the like. i'm focusing on that today too; telling myself that i can and will do well and will answer nearly all the questions after reducing the probability that i get it wrong.   i'm happy i found this group, there's so many people here that have given myself and others invaluable advice!    we're all going to destroy this exam. we're going to bend it over, give it a colonoscopy, tell it that it has stage 4 colorectal cancer then laugh in its face. good luck everyone!   edit: how it went for me  c/p: this section sucked. multiple difficult passages that i couldn't really do anything with, a few physics concepts that weren't my strengths. short on time, had to rush a little at the end. worst section for me.  cars: i was really confident with cars somehow. a lot of the answers that i chose appeared to be pretty obvious. one or two passages proved to be difficult but overall i think i did better than i have in the past.  b/b: about the first half of the section was very straightforward in my opinion, then they threw in a couple of experimental passages that i had trouble with. i'd say i did moderately well.   p/s: this was more difficult than i was expecting, but it still wasn't impossible. normally the questions in this section are extremely straightforward, but i had to go through the entire section twice to think about my marked ones. hopefully my reasoning holds up with these.  overall i don't feel good or bad, just glad it's over. quite frankly, i don't know where i stand, which makes october 4th scarier. i'll undoubtedly be over 500, however if c/p fucked me or i did worse than i thought on cars and p/s, i may not get over that 508 hump. fingers crossed i suppose, now time to live again.
t3_urng7-t3_urng7-c4xzcxd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8061	my father has had stage 4 colon for 2 years now... before he was diagnosed he did construction. at some point he started getting extreme shoulder pain and very bad stomach pains. he went to the doctor and got an x-ray for his shoulder. they didn't see anything and kinda blew it off but told him to get a colonoscopy (he was 45 at the time). so he went and got a colonoscopy and they weren't more than 2-5 mins in when they hit a huge blockage. turned out to be a tumor the size of a baseball. they removed it the next week and did a biopsy notifying him he had cancer. after the surgery though, no more shoulder pain! they said it had to do with a nerve... weird i know!
t3_1wli9c-t3_1wli9c-cf3glg2	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7528	i have a core group of friends where it doesn't matter if it's a year between seeing each other, or a couple days. still the same. doesn't feel like we skipped any point in time.   i am older than some users and younger than others at 37. one of my best friends had a bout with colon cancer last year and had to have his colon removed. had a j-pouch procedure 6 months ago and drs.swore that the surgery was 100% successful. finding out that he went in last month because he thought a nasty cold went to pneumonia,but finding out the cancer spread to his lungs, kidneys, liver, and lymph nodes.   with treatment 2 years if lucky, 3 months if no chemo. i found out on a fluke running into his dad. called my friend up and we laughed, cried, yet promised him i wouldn't tell the "core" group of friends at his request.   my wife knows, him and i talk and feel so compelled to tell everyone else (about 6 of us). honestly, i am broken. he was a groomsman at my wedding. i wouldn't have the carreer i have now if it wasn't for him, and hate the fact that i can't lean on all my friends that we have all known eachother longer than we haven't.   we talked about ways to tell people and still make it funny. we talked about death and how to confront it, we have shared more moments together, and will get to see him in a week or so, but am torn respecting his wishes or telling our good friends. which is a secret i have had now for days and wish i didn't have it.
t3_1vtavc-t3_1vtavc-cevxitx	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6632	my father's best friend is in his late forties. a few years ago, he was diagnosed with either stage iii or stage iv colorectal cancer (i can't honestly remember which right now, and i don't want to lie to you one way or the other). he went through radiation, then a surgery to remove what they thought would still be a rather sizable amount of the cancer. nope! they said it had shrunk a shocking amount, which was wonderful news. yes, he had to wear a colostomy bag for a few weeks, which i'm sure wasn't pleasant. but now, a year later, he is back 100% (and has felt 100% for a long time). i know treatment was very tough for him, but seeing him now, i have no doubt that he is glad he went through with it.   the challenge of treatment should not deter you from pursuing some of the greatest years of your life with the people you love. i hope that you won't consider some of the more common treatments to be "longshot," because in this wonderful time that we are fortunate enough to live in, they are not a long shot at all.
t3_f69pa-t1_c1dliu2-c1dljps	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7451	hmm. i just tried releasing rapidly, and there was much more discomfort than normal. i wouldn't venture to call it "pain" per say, but it is a more intense feeling that before.  the pain is more centered. i once ate sushi (a few years back) and what i believe to be my appendix (lower right side of abdomen) flared up and hurt for a day or so. i don't think it's my appendix but i'm not ruling it out entirely.  no blood in the stool or urine. no odd odors . (was one of the first things i checked. when we found out my mom had colon cancer she later told us she had been pooing blood for nearly a month. i've been a bit more curious of the state of my feces.)
t3_3d49py-t3_3d49py-ct20zds	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	when i was little i didn't understand why my parents would leave us with my grandpa a lot and why my dad would always take naps when he was home. when he shaved his head it seemed silly to my brother and i and but we didn't really question it.      it wasn't until *years* later that my mom told us my dad had cancer. he almost died from late stage colon cancer and they just made jokes about how silly daddy looked without hair. to be fair i was about 6 or 7 at the time and there would have been no way for me to understand what he was going through.
t3_2v2w49-t1_coe6nip-coe7syl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	personnellement, je n'utiliserait jamais le terme "mauviette qui supporte pas les examens rectaux" , pas plus que je ne vais mettre mon grain de sel dans les discussions sur l'importance du touché rectal dans la prévision du cancer de la prostate. en quoi c'est un double standard ?
t3_26dy9o-t3_26dy9o-chq4qhp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a little green stuffed bear that my dad got me from a claw machine. he had terminal colon cancer when he gave it to me, so i knew it was special and i should hold onto it. he passed when i was 9, and after a number of terrible things happened, i lost the bear maybe a year later. i felt like i'd failed to protect the last thing he gave me. losing that little bear hurt for a long time.
t3_2a68be-t1_ciryejk-cis520h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is excusable due to his colostomy. it doesn't make it less disgusting. i really hope he helped clean it up.   as a side note: i work in surgery and colon cancer really sucks!! i hope all is well.
t3_q46a4-t3_q46a4-c3um4kq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	went through this exact same thing last summer.  i was home visiting my parents and they kept my childhood dog since he couldn't come with me.  he was 16 and starting to have accidents in the house as well.  the vet at the time said it was just old age and not being able to control his bladder and stuff as much.  come october though i was talking to my mom on skype and my step dad came over to talk to me.  he never talks on the phone or anything so i new something was up.  he said that my dog was really slowing down and the think he had a tumor.  they asked what i wanted to do and i said i didn't want him to suffer.  they took him to a different vet from our normal vet and she confirmed what they thought.  he had rectal cancer and it was way worse than they thought.  they were going to have to put him down.  it was really hard as i couldn't be there to say goodbye but he's better off.  i'm going to send you a link and if you have to put him down read it.  if not save it for when you do.  it really helped.  keeping you my thoughts anyway.    http://petloss.com/rainbowbridge.htm
t3_2uesrl-t3_2uesrl-co7q7uy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had colon cancer once, but i checked online and decided it was just a hemroid.  hopefully i was right...
t3_3frian-t3_3frian-ctru5hl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer in november 2014, days before my son’s third birthday. i’m only 44, so it came as a bit of a shock since they typically say to have a colonoscopy at 50. there is no history in my family of colon cancer. i was experiencing a lot of back pain that wouldn’t go away. thinking i might have another kidney stone (another very sad tale), i went to my doctor who ordered a ct scan. he called me later that day and asked me and my wife to meet with him. he said a section of the colon was thickened which could indicate cancer. i was immediately scheduled for a colonoscopy and additional scans. there was a 20% blockage in my sigmoid colon, not bad enough that they needed to perform surgery immediately. the more dire diagnosis was that my liver also had metastasis. several lymph nodes and the adrenal gland also showed signs of cancer. the oncologist has said that the cancers on the colon, lymph nodes, and adrenal gland shouldn’t be a big problem to remove surgically, but the liver was another story. my liver has many metastasis, the largest of which was about 6cm x 4cm. although the liver is remarkable in the way it can re-generate itself, my oncologist said they cannot perform surgery until the number and size of the spots were significantly reduced. performing surgery on the other locations would mean missing several chemotherapy infusions and possible complications from infection. i’ll be having my 17th infusion in two days. so far, i have only had to skip two infusions due to other complications (ending up in the emergency room with a 101 fever due to a sinus infection in one case). at last check, my cea level was 27. at its highest measured value, it was 172. i’ve had to switch chemo regiments because the folfox had quit working. the current regiment seems to be working for now, but i’m very worried that it too will quit working. at that point, the oncologist said we would move to experimental treatments. we drive about 2 hours one-way to the cancer treatment center (the university of michigan). we’ve been very happy with the oncologist and all the associated medical staff. my oncologist has always made time for our questions both in-person and on the phone. however, i have not talked to my oncologist about a prognosis because i simply don’t want to know at this point. maybe i’m still in denial, and i mostly feel fine apart from the drugs’ side-effects. there have been days of extreme depression. early on in the diagnosis, i told my wife that i don’t want to die, but i’m not afraid of dying. i don’t want to die simply because i don’t want to my wife to become a widow, and i especially don’t want my 3 year-old son to grow up without a father. you are right in that there doesn’t seem to be a lot of postings on colon cancer. i’d be happy to continue corresponding.
t3_43zmq1-t1_czmqd6a-czmuko4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8021	you are fighting a losing (winning?) battle!   i have a 30% chance of developing cholangiocarcinoma which usually goes unnoticed until it is inoperable because i have primary sclerosing cholangitis. i am currently going through a cancer scare.   i already has my large intestine and rectum removed because i had such a high chance of colorectal cancer because of celiac disease, ulcerative colitis and primary sclerosing cholangitis.   i have multiple types of lymphoma, breast cancer and multiple digestive cancers in the family history.    do i win? :p
t3_1x5lfj-t3_1x5lfj-cf8dk8n	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5252	you didn't skip the grieving process -- you grieved while she was still alive. my great grandma had colon cancer and was bedridden for months. she looked like a skeleton and she couldn't do much. i accepted she was dying. i didn't want to see her much because -- it's sick, but she was already dead to me. that wasn't my bright, cheerful grandma in that bed, that was some other semblance of her, at least in my mind. i was young (13/14) and when i was told she died, i felt nothing but relief for her. sometimes i feel like a bad person for it. but it's normal. i grieved her while she was living. and it sounds like you did, too.
t3_1rwvz3-t1_cdrsjtm-cdrtgxs	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8812	i was 34. i started having disgusting farts - they really smelled like death and cleared the room. then i had a few days of bloody poop. it looked like someone had emptied a bottle of red wine into the toilet. went to my internist who sent me to a gi doctor. thought it might be a number of things. i have no family history of cancer, i'm not fat and don't smoke. genetic tests for markers came back negative and i was half the age of the average colon cancer patient. it can happen to anyone folks!  they scoped me top and bottom and i looked normal, but the doctor decided to do a little extra checking and found a lump hiding in a tricky spot right where the large and small intestine meet. surgery follows and i find out it's stage 3c cancer - just this side of fully metastatic.  i was lucky.  had i waited much longer to see my doctor i would've been looking at a lifetime of treatment for health maintenance and unavoidable deterioration until death. instead i got chemo (which truly sucked by the way) but now life is back to normal.  word to the wise: don't ignore bloody poop.   anyway, about blood on paper vs in the bowl.  they usually say bright red blood on the paper typically means wiping too hard or hemorrhoids. blood almost black like coffee grounds is bad - but could be just an ulcer; it's likely blood that's traveled quite a ways through your system. in between is what i had and nasty black sticky shits like tar.   tl;dr: don't ignore bloody poos. see a doctor.
t3_50aw7c-t1_d7302dm-d732dyi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	why are some older people so anti-anal? they don't just not like it, they hate it and anyone who does it, no matter if it is straight or not.  my idiot mom told me when i was in middle school that you would get colon cancer if you did anal. i didn't really know what sex was or what anal was but i was terrified! but... i'm 26 now and i love putting stuff in my butt but never had anal(unrelated to what my mom said)... yet.
t3_xe39a-t3_xe39a-c5ll8me	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was passing a particularly hard stool, and when i looked down, i noticed there was red in the toilet. then i noticed there was red dripping into the toilet. obviously, i assume the worst and conclude that i must have colon cancer or some other malignant ailment.  turns out i had just made a poo so big that my butthole ripped open. proud, scared, and embarrassed all at the same time.
t3_1cx3sx-t3_1cx3sx-c9kzfcy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6722	my father (71) also has prostrate cancer that he's chosen not to treat.he is doing some homeopathic stuff, but no chemo/surgery. his reasoning is,"you don't die from prostrate cancer, you die with prostrate cancer. he's had it a few years now and is still doing great. he was against me starting chemo when i was diagnosed with colon cancer, but we've agreed to disagree on that point. i'd say as long as he's not hurting, then let him make the choice. best of luck.
t3_1v4k0w-t3_1v4k0w-ceoyrr8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is not really messed up but it certainly hurt and angered me.    my paternal grandparents lived with us, and i grew up with them through much of my formative years. anyone could see that i loved my grandfather and grandmother dearly. they were not only my family and my elders but also my friends. but my grandfather fell ill in 2010/2011. we discovered that he was battling a malignant brain tumor and that was the cause of his rapid decline in health. he passed away soon after christmas. it fucked up my next few months as i struggled with the first major death in my family (that i could truly relate to).   and i can't remember exactly when but a few years after he passed away, my parents told me that they knew he was battling colon cancer as well (years before the brain tumor was found). i know that i was a kid and they didn't want to burden me but i can't help but think to myself that if i knew this, i could have kind of steeled myself a bit more.    and it's just as painful now.
t3_1qnhx5-t3_1qnhx5-cdezbxd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.747	guess i am kind of late to the party right now but i will post this anyways.   i went through exactly the same thing your gf is going through. it absolutely destroyed 2 relationships because of it. they would go great at first and the guy would be super excited that he was getting sex 3 or 4 times *daily* (safe sex of course). but then it would start to go bad. he would want to watch a movie or hang out and i would get depressed because it seemed like he had no interest in me. now every person is different and i can't say that exactly this is happening to your girlfriend but my problem was severe depression. my dad was in the hospital with colon cancer and had almost died 3 times on me, i had a previous abusive relationship that slaughtered my self worth, and i was just not realizing at the time that i was engaged in some pretty self destructive behavior. after the second guy severed ties with me i was able to see what was happening to me and i stopped dating for several months. this is not just a sexual thing with your girlfriend, there are other underlying issues. is there anything you can do that won't hurt her feeling? most likely not, she needs help.
t3_2y2no8-t1_cp5nmb3-cp5nus4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	"from the nfl collective bargaining agreement, these are the areas that are considered in a physical for the nfl: appendix i standard minimum preseason physical examination should there be the need for additional examination or testing in any specific area, such will be permitted. general medical examination 1. history  • player  • family  • thorough review of all team physicians and trainer reports for preceding seasons  2. examination  • head  • face  • scalp  • ears  • external &amp; drums  • sinus  • throat  • eyes  • pupils  • reaction to movement &amp; light  • lungs  • palpation  • chest  • heart  • visceral  • hernia  • rectal  • hemorrhoid  • fistula  • prostate  • gastric  • any unusual body marks, i.e. scars, birthmarks  • height  • weight  • temperature  • blood pressure  • pulse  • heart rate orthopedic examination examination visually, including stress testing and range of motion for all of the following:  • neck and spine  • shoulder  • elbow  • wrist  • fingers  • hips  • knees; also knee jerk  • ankle; check achilles tendon for abnormalities and by jerk test  • toes flexibility testing of hamstrings and neck ekg heart abnormalities stress testing (at physician's discretion) (treadmill or bicycle) for cardiovascular blood testing standard grid. testing for (including but not limited to):  • chemistry  • calcium  • phosphorus  • glucose  • uric acid  • cholesterol  • iron  • triglyceride  • lipids  • sodium  • chlorides  • white blood count  • red blood count  • mono-screen* ]  • tay sachs* ] *where applicable. if found,  • sickle cell* ] individual counseling necessary.  • vd* urinalysis check for (including but not limited to):  • protein  • glucose  • ph factor  • diabetes  • renal failure  • gout vision testing • peripheral vision  • standard eye test hearing test dental examination chest x-ray (at appropriate intervals)  (only as recommended by ama standard)  check for: tumor  t.b.  lesions x-ray all previously injured areas (at physician's discretion)"    a little more in depth than my routine physical, and i am surprised that he passed with his injury problems at the end of the season and the neck from a few years ago.
t3_2h5kal-t1_ckptc14-ckpu8ur	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6718	if it's only on your period i wouldn't worry. if it's dark blood, like black, that's when you should be concerned. bright red blood on the toilet paper is more common with hemorrhoids.  what you should be concerned with is any pain in the abdomen, persistent blood in your stool. colon cancer is actually a very slow cancer, and it's very rare for most women to get it young without some hereditary basis. my family has lynch syndrome, which is hereditary colon cancer, so i've been getting colonoscopies since i was 20.   if you suspect something, it never hurts to get it checked out. colonoscopies aren't that bad. i've had two now, and they just switched me from a five year plan to a 2 year plan, so it's going to be in my life until i decide to get genetic testing.
t3_2opjf5-t3_2opjf5-cmpkfn3	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7597	i feel like my situation ended up different from a lot of people for some reason. my prognosis was pretty dismal, i had a rare form of a fast growing cancer but somehow it didnt metastisis and ended up being treatable. when i firsts had cancer i was 9, when i went into remission the first time i was 10 and was terrrified to go back to school as a "normal" kid. i was different then everyone else, i felt a lot older emotionally and relationaly then all the other kids. i had missed tons of school and didn't know a lot of the other kids npw. it was really hard, i had panic and anxiety attacks, spent a lot of days hiding in the nurses and counsellor's offices. just trying to stay away from the other kids. eventually i somehow got over it, i don't know how. but then i relapsed within a year. after beating it the second time, i somehow just didn't care anymore. i was done and was determined to live whatever life i got to the best of my ability. i always new in my mind eventually at some point i would get cancer for a third, fourth time.. at some point it's going to kill me, but i just hoped it would be long off and never worried about it. now at 24 i am diagnosed with colon cancer. it honestly didn't really effect me that badly. i mean it absolutely sucks but i lived a pretty sweet 12-13 years between then and now determined to go for my goals because i never knew how long i had. i never worry about the small stuff cause it can always be worse. idk, i hope i live this time, but hey, if it's my time it was it is. hopefully i'll make it, then maybe it'll be another 10 years, or 20, maybe 40. who knows, but i'm not going to worry about it. that won't change anything.. idk if this actually help you, but at least you can hear what it feels like from someone that's been there somewhat. i hope that gives you some sort of perspective for your situation.
t3_1frtdl-t3_1frtdl-cadbevs	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7168	i was diagnosed stage 4 rectal cancer on november 2, 2012, i'm 34 years old. i was metastasized to lymph nodes (dozens) and liver, but not lungs. after 6 treatments of folfox (after which i mysteriously developed an allergy to oxaliplatin) and now 5 treatments of folfiri, i'm doin good and feeling 1000% better. my cea count has dropped from 7600 in december to 143 a few weeks ago.  colon cancer is totally beatable, and the treatments for it are amazingly light, as far as side effects go. i basically just puked every morning when i woke up on folfox, and now on the folfiri, i puke every morning during treatment and a few days after, but for the rest of the 3 week cycle, i'm fine. no hair loss, no phantom pains, just a little bit of vomiting.   this part right now that you're going thru is by far the worst, in my opinion. waiting to get started is excruciating. once treatments start, and he starts making progress, everything will get better.
t3_45x1sc-t1_d00xidv-d00yvr9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the response. i was hoping not to come off quite so cynical, and a bit more inspirational, but hey... part of this was venting my feelings and emotions on this issue, which is really something i've only recently started to do.   i'm glad people can relate to this. i think this should be talked about a lot more, with those of us in this spot, as well as those who are just beginning their journey.  and i've been believing that i had signs of colon cancer for the past few days. it's been a good ride, haha. i've learned to let those pains and discomforts sit for a week or two because 99 times out of 100 they go away and never amount to anything. i've also recently been getting more comfortable going to the dr if my anxiety over something my body is doing gets too bad. i tell him upfront i know i'm probably just crazy, but i'm not going to be shamed out of a doctor visit in fear of being branded as such. he agrees and is more than willing to accommodate. i swear i'm convinced of a brain tumor growing in my head about once a month though.
t3_17gmls-t1_c85cr4c-c85d6wj	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	colon cancer took my friend's dad too. the really crushing thing to me is he'd already beaten it once ten years ago, but it came back two years ago with a vengeance. we thought he was handling it fine and then boom... hospice for a few days and then he was gone.   that's the plan. i don't know how much i can do from my position but i know that i have to be strong for them. i can't imagine what they're going through. nor do i ever want to know.
t3_204fol-t1_cfzs4u6-cfztghp	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i also do that and it's a possible life saver as well.  i met a inpatient that found out he had colon cancer by this method.  he did mostly for convenience to avoid the water splash but one day he noticed a string of blood in his stool, he went to the doctor they had him undergo a colonoscopy and biopsy. early diagnose possibly saved his life.
t3_2x95n4-t1_coy0vox-coy2mcl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	yeah i mean pretty much. when there are infinite possibilities of molecules interacting with other molecules in some form, how can there be a "best" of any of the possibilities? everything is equal. life is what it is. like, of course the holocaust happened. why wouldn't it? people can do amazing things and people can do atrocious things. that's life. besides the obviously horrible acts that can happen to life anywhere in the universe, it's not a "why me?" situation. the question should always be "why not me?"  i was diagnosed with colon cancer at age 25. long story short i'm all better now after surgery and chemo. but never was i like "why me?" i just shrugged and said "figures!" and lived according to what j was dealt with the tools at my disposal. that's life.
t3_2p8es8-t3_2p8es8-coju8vm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6768	i have rectal cancer, and it took about 6 months to diagnose correctly. it started with rectal bleeding and what looked like a hemorrhoid. after 6 months of continues symptoms, and the hemorrhoid kept getting bigger, i was sent to a specialist. he knew it was a growth of some kind, but not sure what. after the biopsy, it came back as "very likely cancer". but it took another month of tests - ct, pet ct, blood tests, and finally surgery to remove the mass (5cmx4cm) and biopsy of that to confirm for sure it was cancer at that it was barely stage 2.   i'm very young for this kind of cancer, so it wasn't even on our radar. and it turns out i had a large polyp in my colon, that if they hadn't removed during the colonoscopy, would have probably silently grown into a more serious form of cancer and i would have not known.   i wish we could have known earlier that it wasn't a hemorrhoid and it wouldn't have become invasive, and the surgery would have been quick instead of the major deal it was. but, being that i'm young and it's so uncommon, the timeline is about right for what it is.   btw, this is my first post here, and the first time i'm seeking out a support group - i guess, i've finally admitted the reality - i'm going to get radiation and chemo, and i'm going to need support besides my husband.
t3_4ssqa2-t3_4ssqa2-d5c3yzm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5126	i don't have a rectum.    i had colorectal cancer when i was 27 and my doctor removed my rectum and created what is known as a j-pouch in its place. i never had a colostomy bag or anything. i have a mostly functioning colon and anus, but no rectum.
t3_17z6ak-t1_c8a9ona-c8aa00h	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7948	when my father was suffering from colon cancer for almost 5 years, the cancer spread to the lung and killed him 8 months later. he went to a public hospital in australia, which he never saw a bill, even with all the chemotherapy he received.   the day of his passing was an extremely tough day with a million things going through our heads. they held him in the hospital for 10 hours after he had died, patiently waiting for us to call someone to pick his body up. my father wasn't religious, but because we were born in iran, we were automatically muslim. he was buried the following day.  anyways, my point is that we didn't get charged for any other hospital bills. i believe it was all taken care by medicare. i'm sure if he had attended a private hospital then things would've been different, but we didn't have the money, so the public hospital system took good care of him until his soul was ready to depart.
t3_3iprob-t1_cuim0ez-cuiqt8j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8073	when my father was diagnosed with colon cancer he went to see a "dietitian". he began to describe the visit. now, he generally eats healthy foods and is not overweight. she started off by telling him he is allowed 1 slice of pizza a day. then said he can have 1 soda a day. i stopped him and asked if she was fat. he said yes. then i asked if she worked for the hospital. no. then i adked if he could check his bill and see if she is a nutritionist. bingo.
t3_oeo0h-t3_oeo0h-c3gsa2b	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7503	my grandmother had been diagnosed with colon cancer and had surgery to remove the tumor(s).  she was doing great for months.  i had a very intense dream that i went to visit her.  i said, "you look tired."  she replied, "i am.  it's the cancer.  it's come back and i think it's got me."  next morning, my mother called me to say that they had just found my grandmother dead in her chair.  freaked me out.
t3_3gwfeg-t1_cu26w9j-cu275dj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;  polyps  i am 17 years old with generalized anxiety disorder. i also suffer from depression. some say zoloft may cause this, and some say it's ibs. i don't know what it is, and it is annoying. i get myself worked up into thinking i have colon cancer or something. i never have bled though. my stools are always brown. they float sometimes, and sometimes they might be thin. i have a good stool about once every two weeks. it's typically the worse on monday.
t3_btgz5-t3_btgz5-c0ohw4l	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know if anyone cares this late into the story, but my grandpa had colon cancer and went to an alternative medicine health clinic called "oasis of hope" in tijuana, mexico.  rather than chemotherapy and radiation, he had a extreme change in his diet, vitamins, regular exercise, prayer, and some other treatments that i'm not sure about.  it worked for him.  he's now happy and cancer free.  apparently many of their other patients also have similar results (many of which pro-chemo doctors gave up on). sorry i don't have any hard proof for this but that's my story!  if this person is concerned about treatment methods, maybe he (or others that don't want to go through chemo) should check out this clinic.
t3_1yvw1g-t3_1yvw1g-cfokc7m	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7514	meanwhile my dads doctor told him numerous he didn't need a colonoscopy cause he looked healthy, when my dad asked about it... finally got one at 58 when he retired early, had colon cancer taking up about 1/3rd his colon... and is now gone.  would have been 61 earlier this month... thank god he retired at 57 and had some time to enjoy life.  (was actually forced out of work just before the financial crisis, and thought he might return to work one day, but ended up enjoying the first few months of retirement so much he figured that was it for him re: working...)
t3_4rlzno-t3_4rlzno-d530bu4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8287	it's true, you guys. i had severe, end-stage colon cancer but i smoked one blunt and then i was completely fine.
t3_1qdhdi-t3_1qdhdi-cddfyab	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6659	so, i know i'm a little late here, but my father was exactly the same way. when we were younger, he worked two jobs (he was a firefighter he worked 24/48 shifts and he owned a business) so he was rarely home. my mom was a stay at home mom. he had an opportunity for a promotion at the fire department so he sold his business and we moved closer the city he worked in. since he then only had one job, my mom got a job where she worked 12 hours 4 days a week. all of a sudden dad was home a whole lot... he would get home about 45 minutes- to an hour of my sister and i, and it the house wasn't spotless (clean kitchen, dishes done, no toys in the living areas, dog poop picked up, etc.) by the time he got home he would be livid. it wasn't all the bad until he got diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer that had spread to his lungs when he turned just like your dad. nothing we did would ever please him, so when i got my drivers license i started picking up my sister from school (she's 3 years younger) and we would stay out until 9:30-10 going to the library or cafes to do homework or whatever or we would go to friends houses. i was never home. it eventually got to the point where my mom, my sister, and i all flat out refused to help him because he was so mean. if he asked for a glass of water, it had to be gotten immediately. it didn't matter if we were in the middle of doing something, it had to be done right away. same if he wanted pills or food or something. before he became so sick that he couldn't drive anymore, he would go to dairy queen and get 16 large blizzards every day and to hide it, he let them melt on his air hockey table. he blamed me. then, his mom came to help out and he would scream at her, and everyone who offered help until everyone eventually left in tears. it was especially bad when i was a senior in high school. when i looked at schools i settled for nothing under 800 miles away just because i knew it would make it hard for me to get home. we got into a million stupid arguments and he would lash out and tell everyone that his own daughter wanted him to die. which wasn't true. he was terminally ill and none of the treatments were working. i just wanted him to stop treatments that were making him sicker and live comfortably. i eventually told him that if he wouldn't stop treating others horribly that i would not attend his funeral and he started treating me better. he still continued to be mean to most people but it got a little better. maybe that would help :) it helped me. of course, i also moved pretty far away... he died in the middle of my first semester in college and whenever i go home to visit, my mom and my sister kind of treat me the same way my dad did... its weird. just know that you're not alone. i think that attitude is common in people who are sick and have a negative outlook on life.
t3_wwxqv-t3_wwxqv-c5h6mpe	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hang in there. i know *exactly* how you feel.    my symptoms started off exactly like yours three years ago with a weird, dull pain in my lower-left abdomen. at the time i didn't have health insurance so i couldn't go get it checked out. so of course i went online and looked up every possible disease it could indicate and fearing the worst i diagnosed myself with colon cancer, stomach cancer, and pancreatic cancer.    three years later and i'm not dead yet. i finally found a job that offered health insurance. three weeks ago i went to the emergency room, because in addition to this chronic pain i was feeling in my abdomen, my throat was also closing up and i was having pains in my neck, as well as little muscle spasms all over my body. i thought for sure this was the colon/stomach/pancreatic cancer spreading to the rest of my body.    well, when i was in the emergency room they performed blood tests, urinalysis, an abdominal ct scan, an ultrasound of my abdomen and testicles, a prostate exam and found.... nothing.   feeling a little better, but still not entirely convinced, i went to my doctor for a follow-up. i told him about the emergency room visit and about my abdominal pain and throat tightness. he diagnosed me with gerd and prescribed me omeprazole. i had him perform an std battery and hiv test on me, both which came back negative a week later.   two weeks later and i was feeling even worse. throat was still the same, abdomen pain had now intensified and spread up to my chest and to my sides up to my armpits. i thought for sure i was dying. this was yesterday... i went back to the doctor. this time a different doctor saw me. described all my symptoms in detail. she tested my urine for a uti and for a diabetes. blood sugar was fine, no protein in my urine, no uti.   she checked my lymph nodes. they were fine. she pressed on my stomach and couldn't find any rebounding or guarding which would indicate a hernia. she called me the "mystery man". she wrote everything down and thought for a few minutes. then she asked me if ever had anxiety issues and/or depression in the past. i told her i did. she asked me if i was ever treated for it, to which i replied, "no".   she asked me if i was under any stress or duress currently. i told her that i was under probably the worst stress i've ever felt in my entire life, due to my work situation. at that moment it dawned on me that all of these symptoms which lead me to the er were all correlating with the level of stress i was dealing with. i told her about my job and how stressed out i was. i started to cry. i had been holding it in and bottling it up for so long. i had no idea it was affecting me this badly. it all started to make sense. my anxiety was causing my symptoms, my symptoms were causing me to become more anxious, which were causing my symptoms to intensify even more. it was a vicious cycle i entered.    she prescribed me xanax and celexa. i was a little reluctant at first because i never thought of having to need a drug to help me out. but, i figured at this point it was worth a shot. over the course of the day i took three xanax. by the third one, i kid you not, nearly 90% of my symptoms magically vanished. i was floored. i couldn't believe my mind was that powerful that it could cause all of those problems i was experiencing.   of course i'm going to continue to monitor my health as it's only been a day. but let me tell you, this is the best i've felt in three years. now of course i'm not giving you medical advise or telling you that's what you have, but it's something to look into. i know you said you don't have health insurance, but if you could find maybe a free or cost-adjusted health center, look into getting diagnosed with gad and see if xanax will help. go and get a ct scan if you can of course too. you may have a hernia or bowel obstruction. or it could just be anxiety.    this is just my two cents. good luck friend.
t3_12lr26-t1_c6w6l8t-c6y591b	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	colon cancer patient here. i have to agree with you on the speed of her care especially if she was stage i. even with my stage being somewhat unknown until surgery it took a month to get it scheduled, testing done for example  mris, cts, blood tests, getting appts with specialists. it takes a long to get everything set up. for colon cancer patients its cea numbers. thankfully i was stage i, surgery but no radiation or chemo!! zirvo:good luck with your treatments if you are still gettin them :)
t3_41eyoy-t3_41eyoy-cz9cw6n	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i feel the same way... was told i had colon cancer last june. .. and had surgury and then was told i am cancer free... 36 days between the two...  but i still feel like there is something wrong... like there is cancer somewhere else...i am terrified.  i still have a lot of pain and still don't feel well... but they keep saying i am fine! i made a bracelet that has the word survivor on it ...every time i feel low and like i'm going to loose it, i look at my bracelet and play with it till i calm down. i m hoping that this gets easier! ...for you and for me!!! keep positive! :)
t3_4mcs65-t1_d3v07iz-d3v0xoe	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that sucks balls man. and i assume they tested you for any food allergies or intolerance? i suspect i may have lactose intolerance myself. i did find out i have ulcerative proctitis, after a colonoscopy. but as that doesn't usually cause serious pain, it didn't explain that. and colon cancer running in my family certainly doesn't help me sleep at night.   anyway it's really frustrating, especially when you're trying to deal with transition at the same time.
t3_14l415-t1_c7e3mhq-c7e4ezh	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7516	my dad just went through the same thing not long ago.  actually i've been wanting to put together a post about my experience but haven't found the time yet.  he was diagnosed with colon cancer and then things went very wrong (internal bleeding) and he lost a ton of blood.  they basically begged him to get a transfusion but he refused.  long story short, after 3 surgeries and a long time in the hospital he made it out alive and cancer free (we got so lucky).  at the time i wanted to argue so much with him but i knew it was pointless, plus i knew there was a very real chance that would be the last conversation i'd have with him and i couldn't let that be our last conversation.  he seemed so proud about the stand he was taking, and it seemed as if he wanted to die for his religion.  it made me so sick to my stomach.  in the end there was really nothing i could do because it was his choice.  during all of the surgeries there were elders in the waiting room, i can only assume in case they needed to fight the blood transfusion issue.  most of them wouldn't talk to me (i'm not dfed but faded 10 or so years ago).  i kept having daydreams of the doctors coming out and telling us they needed to do a blood transfusion and i would argue/fight/tackle the elders before i'd let them speak for him.  thankfully it never came to that.  overall, the experience really sucked.  both my parents are in their late 50's and i just get sick thinking about the next time i have to deal with something like this.
t3_4mmcay-t1_d3ws7pi-d3wuxwp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my sister was just diagnosed with rectal cancer and it's been pretty horrible so far but she hasn't been whiney about it at all.
t3_3owdep-t1_cw150xw-cw1adgz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm all for tb and hope that he can recover from this, but it's important to be pragmatic here. there is certainly a place and time for positivity (now, for example) but you can't be throwing around sayings like he is in "excellent shape". he has stage four colon cancer which has a 10% 5 year survival rate.  i wish him nothing but the best and hope that he is an outlier, but its important to be level headed about all this.
t3_4ndlaj-t3_4ndlaj-d450m5d	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	surgery is scheduled for tuesday now. my blood work came back pretty good. my tumor markers were elevated, but low. not sure about exact numbers. i don't have the sheet in front of me. my ph was 8.5, normal is 8. my psa was .5, normal is .4. and my protein was a little high too. but he said he wasn't concerned. and one of my cholesterol's was high. but not the one to be concerned about. my chest ct scan came back fine. my lower scan found a cyst on my liver, which they are going to biopsy. but he said it didn't look abnormal. and they found a hernia on my left side. of course it's my right testicle they are removing. so my surgery is going to be a little more extensive  now. which is why they've moved it to tuesday. and i'm also having my surgery at a surgical center now, instead of in the hospital. so hopefully that's better? the good thing is my prostrate and colon looked good. and because i was diagnosed with uc 10 years ago. i was a little concerned about my colon. they also noted something about a groinal artery. not sure about the wording at the moment. so i'm assuming it's either starting to leave the testicle or is about to. but they didn't see any sign of spread on the scan. so i'm still holding out hope. tuesday's surgery will be the worst of it!
t3_2ug992-t3_2ug992-co8e8ze	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6733	in the 80's, i watched my best friend, my other gay friends, and my uncle struggle with hiv and it's impact on their lives. getting hiv was still pretty much a death sentence and was viewed with great dread. people would get diagnosed and die within a few years. the newspaper would have obituaries of all these young men. it was depressing.  information about avoiding and preventing hiv infection was still new and evolving. of course, using condoms was emphasized but, at first, the medical community didn't realize that lambskin condoms didn't provide the needed protection. i don't even think you can get lambskin condoms anymore but in the 80's because condoms were seen as a contraceptive and not as a preventer of illness, lambskin condoms were a common choice.   i was completely surprised when my best friend told me he was hiv positive. i had previously asked about his condom usage because, well, he was my best friend and i didn't want him to get hiv. he assured me he was safe. so when he did tell me about his diagnosis, i asked what the hell happened. turns out, my best friend got hiv because he had had sex with a guy using lambskin condoms and not latex condoms. and they had used lambskin condoms because they didn't know they shouldn't.   after my friend became ill, he struggled with how and what to tell his employer. he was an engineer working in oil and gas. he didn't expect that his co-workers would react kindly to an hiv positive man. he only told everyone he had cancer but not about the hiv status which brought on the cancer. the time from his initial hiv positive diagnosis to his death was 4 years though he wasn't diagnosed with the cancer until about 6 months before he died.  my uncle, on the other hand, was diagnosed sometime in the very late 80's (he told me in 1990) and lived until 2003. he was pretty ill the last few years, struggling with colorectal cancer for about 4 years. i was not surprised that he contracted hiv. he had been taking me to gay bars since i was a teenager in the late 70's and i was well aware of how promiscuous he was. i had heard stories of his trips to clinics to treat the various stds he had gotten over the years. he came of age in the few years before the aids crisis and i don't think he was ever really able to change his behavior to protect himself.   i still miss my friend and my uncle and i wish i could go back in time to the 80's and tell them what i know now so they would be safe and still alive.
t3_1zq3hg-t3_1zq3hg-cfw5l8m	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ask her how she wants to celebrate.  both go to the movies, then talk about it afterwards (or netflix and sit on skype or something).  one thing down the road, don't ruin the moment today... but make sure she continues to be vigilant with her follow ups/ routine testing.  as much as it sucks to think about it ever returning please please keep getting her to get checked out.  i am not sure if it would have helped  my dad at all, but they didn't mention the small lump on his lungs after he had just "beaten" colon cancer until the follow up test 6 months later after it had "grown, but was probably still nothing".  incidentally i find the idea of a cat eating flowers adorable haha.  (assuming it doesn't get sick, we used to feed my sister-in-laws rabbit flowers which he loved)  i know my dad always just wanted us kids to be around.  as a newly minted father myself i would just want to be on the phone/on skype/be as close to my kids as possible.  i would hope they would save their money to visit me, or to spend on themselves.
t3_1l8w8h-t3_1l8w8h-cbx2q0j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6668	yeah it is, but it is what it is.  she is a lot better recently but it took her colon cancer and chemo in order to quit.  i hadn't put this together yet, but that went down earlier this year and in hindsight is obviously part of the reason i'm dealing with my own issue properly now.
t3_31frpi-t3_31frpi-cq1lib5	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	if you need someone to talk to, i've been through it, my mom was diagnosed with colon cancer some years back but took some treatments for it. is she going to do chemo/radiation? god bless
t3_1vop7w-t1_ceudo47-ceuigac	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i really appreciate that, jeepers. i am on several meds. i take vicodin and tramadol, that i'm nearly weened off of. i have cyclobenzyprine, but that is prn, not very often. i take hydroxyzine off and on, and i take pristique daily. along with a host of vitamins and calcium. i'm going through a lot of testing right now because i've been in the hospital 3 times this year with what they have called diverticulitis, among other things, but have no basis for calling it that. just because they have nothing else to guess at. last week i finally got to a specialist, and they believe my colon has twisted in on itself, i have a ct angiogram, and upper and lower scope this week. although, now that i had a seizure, my doc isn't sure they're going to go ahead with the scopes.  i don't know, this is just all really messed up and so i'm researching for myself, and of course my research has led me to believe i have cancer of every possible part of my body, and it's actually a miracle i'm still breathing on my own. :)
t3_1mrop0-t3_1mrop0-ccc3esu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7516	pulled the plug on my cousin who had colon cancer which spread and he was deteriorating fast and painfully. watched him slowly die. this was probably the worst situation i was ever in but thankful i was there to say my goodbyes.
t3_4ay44t-t3_4ay44t-d14t638	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh man, i am completely relate to you.   my father was also diagnosed with colon cancer last year and it has been a rough go.  i am absolutely terrified of, well, i can't even write it.   we are very close.   i don't think that i will be able to handle my parents mortality at all.   i am so scared of it, worst fear in the world for me and i feel it every single day.   if you want to talk about it feel free to pm me.   you need to be strong for him.  it is a big deal.
t3_2bbysh-t3_2bbysh-cj3whq9	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	can you elaborate a bit?  have you been checked again recently to find out if it is growing/spreading?  lifestyle changes don't make cancer go away.  chemo sucks i know first hand, twice, but it is a necessary evil to help ensure you do live a long and healthy life.  i was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer in 2011.  i'm in remission right now, thanks to chemo+radiation and surgeries.  it sucks, and it's not guaranteed, but it's empirically the best option imo.
t3_nvq2l-t1_c3cfzvk-c3chenb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have been a pescatarian for about a year now and i just find it a lot easier to tell people that i am a vegetarian. i don't mean it as any sort of disrespect to real vegetarians, but more people readily understand what a vegetarian is. for me it is mostly for health reasons. my dad died of rectal cancer when i was 18 and that can be caused by a high fat diet or a diet from mostly animal sources. anything i can do to prevent that, the better. even with still eating fish it is very rare that i do so.
t3_1hr5it-t1_cax26uw-cax4285	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my ex neighbor across the street used to shoot our cats with pellet guns and she taught her son to do it and he did it too. one time i actually found my cat laying in someone's yard and he was still alive but had been shot, i ran him to the vet's office with bare feet because my mom wasn't home, i was 16 at the time. he made a full recovery after a few months, i let him outside to play and never saw him again.  the woman died a slow grueling colon cancer death a few years ago.
t3_2csn87-t1_cjj64vx-cjj6m4b	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7528	it's all gone, chemo radiation, surgery, more chemo and done. young, exercise, diet was okay, it was all pretty random. probably should have played the lotto after i found out.   yeah i think having it associated with poop is kind of funny... not that cancer is funny. but, no one is ever going to associate a blue bracelet with colon cancer. hell i think they might have 3 or 4 different cancers all with a slightly different shade of blue.
t3_1snm5h-t1_cdzeh03-cdzfh9v	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	ah! she might not have to, then, if they checked her lymph nodes already. my dad's was colon/rectal cancer, and they didn't want to cut far enough in to remove a lymph node to test it because it would have left him with a permanent colostomy bag (it would have been too close to the rectal muscle). so instead, they just removed the mass itself and biopsied it to check the edges. then they decided it didn't look as though it had spread based on the edges of the mass, so they didn't really *need* to remove lymph nodes. but if he wasn't going to have the lymph nodes checked, they wanted him to do preventative chemo/radiation in two rounds... one lighter and one heavier. this heavier one is taking a bigger toll on him, but it's definitely still better than the cancer coming back. he'll be done in a few months :)  thanks!   you'll love them! they're kind of addicting haha.
t3_1npy1a-t3_1npy1a-ccky6fr	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6628	i need to get this off my chest  i had an uncle.  he was like a father to me.  he was married to my mom's sister &amp; when my dad left, was my father figure.  even being a quadriplegic, he taught me how to walk and live life as a man.  he took me to school, came to all of my musical productions (i was very active vocally in high school).  we would go out of town to watch sporting events.  it was really amazing to watch him live his life not having use of his legs, hands and being confined to a wheelchair.  my brother, 5 years younger, was doted on by his wife, my aunt.  so much so that he received treatment that i never received.  they paid for his college, gave him money to support himself, paid for him to go to these expensive basketball camps.  i had to support myself and pay my way through school and my uncle would tell me that i made different (wrong choices) in high school (i got a girl preg at 17) and my brother didn't make those choices.  he also told me that i had ability to support myself cos i had skills and abilities my brother didn't have.  but i knew that it was my aunt driving the cause to help lil bro cos she didn't like me.  all four of us got into a fight one night.  the context was stupid and petty.  but during the argument my aunt started yelling and screaming at me, defending my brother (26).  i told her i was tired of the double standards, she encouraged my mother to kick me out of the house after my girlfriend got pregnant and i lived in my car for a couple of weeks.  i had to put myself through school and work full time while boy wonder (lil bro) got a free ride.  i never really thought i was jealous, although this doesn't help my case, i just wanted to be treated equally by her.  at least not negatively.  i stormed out of the house with my wife and vowed to never go back to their house again.  i called my uncle a few days later and told him it hurt he never stood up for me.    a few months later, i went to his office and told him i was tired of my brother still talking shit to other members of our distant family and i thought it was fucked up that he didn't stand up for me.  i told him that he needed to man up against his wife and not take her shit.  we got into it in his office and i left.  upset and hurt.  one of my cousins happened to be down the hall and heard the whole altercation.  that night, we got an email from my aunt sent to the whole family telling us that my uncle had colon cancer and had less than a year to live and was limited on treatment options due to being a quadriplegic.  i called him the next day.  we cried together but we didn't see each other much that last year cos i still didn't want to go over to their house.  i went to his office the week before he passed.  he told me that all of his financial affairs were in order and i thanked him for everything he did for me in teaching me how to be successful on my own and not depending on others.  he told me how proud he was of me and how much he loved my wife and the son i had raised.  i told him that my wife and i had just found out that we were 4 weeks pregnant and he was happy to know before he was about to die.  he asked me to sing one of our favorite songs at his funeral, and i told him i would be honored.    i was there in the hospice room a week later.  his body was shrivled and weak.  he had been a quad since he was 16 years old and outlived his life expectancy by 27 years (they told him he wouldnt make it to 30, he was 57.  i was there and hugged him one last time as he took his last breath.  i've never watched anyone die, but in that moment it was so surreal how precious life is.  part of me lamented that i allowed my aunt to fuck up our relationship.  as i walked out, i walked past my aunt.  at first i thought, fuck her.  but i stopped, turned around and gave her a hug.    this past christmas, i invited her over with my brother and his fiance.  she's not totally cut out of my life, but i will never allow myself, my wife, or my children to get close to her.  i know she married a quadriplegic and took care of him for the 30+ years they were married, but i just can't bring myself to open up and completely forgive her by allowing her into my life.
t3_1m0dzs-t3_1m0dzs-cc543yd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7464	hey man.. my dad had colon cancer too. he is still alive today after a year and he is good to go.  he was lucky to not undergo chemo but we still smoked to ease all the pain he went through. hope everything clears up!
t3_17b3pf-t3_17b3pf-c84msuj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a friend who lost his lower leg to bone cancer as well, it was 4 years ago and he's more than fine. he has a sick sense of humor though. whenever he's at the beach, he loves coming out of the water without his "leg" and yells "shark" at little kids on the beach... funny but twisted. i have cancer too, stage 4 colon cancer, so i know what you're going through.
t3_cnjvr-t3_cnjvr-c0tuq5l	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes but i know damned well and good some med student is going to come in here and make a comment about how i am causing colon cancer by doing this.  that, or my dick is going to fall off.
t3_2v2r4a-t1_coe0pic-cofmb9s	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7497	hi, i saw your post about being diagnosed with colon cancer and firstly i want to say that i'm very sorry for your diagnosis. i really hope that you can get through it and come out the other end. i was wondering if i can ask you a question. would you be able to tell me what your symptoms are? i am going into the doctors tomorrow and i am forseeing a cancer diagnosis after many months of symptoms.
t3_4ans5s-t1_d13m2sy-d13n8aq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6666	i'm getting better. a lot of the common anxieties that ha sufferers have i don't. colon cancer, ms, als, stomach cancer, pancreatic cancer all don't bother me.  i just never knew how common lymph nodes were. the body checking that i am doing is a new thing to me. previously... i just never gave a flying crap. the internet doesn't say how diseases present. they gives symptoms without saying if they are early stage or late stage.  so something like a lymph node to me, with no other symptoms, looks like lymphoma. sure its tiny. sure it goes away until i poke that area. i just don't know how fast or slow these diseases are. i don't know the doubling time of the tumors.  plus i don't wanna see my pcp. i saw him about 6 times in the past year. along with 2 visits to a hematologist/oncologist. i have had 6 cbcs. an abdominal ultrasound. chest xray. sinus xray. tons of genetic blood tests. flow cytometry for leukemia. personally... i wanna stop caring and stop being a drain on the healthcare system.
t3_3tuo6j-t1_cx9izc4-cxa7slx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6841	could there have been some underlying condition? something similar happened to my grandma just over a month ago. she broke her leg and had to have it operated on, she survived the operation just fine and seemed to be getting better. but she stopped eating and drinking, deteriorated rapidly and days later unfortunetly passed away. the doctors had no clue what was wrong apart from the fact she was dehydrated. from the post mortem it turns out she had aggressive rectal cancer that spread to the lungs.  i'm sorry about your mum. :( it must be hard not knowing what happened. wonder if it was a complication from the surgery?
t3_2i6p25-t1_ckzdhn3-ckzsld3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad actually just went through surgery for rectal cancer yesterday and now he has one as well. hopefully it doesn't hold him back from the things he really wants to do in life. he's an avid fisherman and hunter and he would be crushed if this inhibited his ability to do those things that he loves so much. what's it like wearing one?
t3_bbcwv-t1_c0lx0yc-c0lxg5k	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	not necessarily.  about a year ago i was just out of the shower and getting ready for work when suddenly i had a very nasty pain in my left side.  i was not able to stand up fully because of the pain.  i called work to tell them i'd be late, figuring i'd go in when the pain let up.  it didn't.  two days later, i'm still in great pain to the point where i can barely walk and i'm now running a very high fever and defecating lots of blood and am becoming very weak so i figure i should probably go to the er.  turns out, i had colon cancer which had resulted in a perforated transverse colon and a blood infection.  i'm put in the icu with a ice water pad underneath me to get my temp down which wasn't much fun.  (the poor icu nurse kept saying "i'm sooo soorrryyy..." every time she would come to check on me when i'd be shivering so hard and i would keep telling her it's ok.  i think that might have been more tramatic for her than me.)  several hours and 7 blood transfusions later (i only remember 4, but i'm told i had seven) i get wheeled into surgery.  don't remember much after that except awaking in the icu again with a breathing tube, an iv line going directly into the large vein in the right side of my neck, and arms tied down to the bed.   was told i'd be spending at least a week in icu and likely 3 weeks total in the hospital.  luckily, i'm a very fast healer and was out of the hospital in 8 days.  but, yeah, having a hole in your intestine is very bad.  my family was told the doctors didn't expect me to make it through surgery but everyone is different and it really wasn't that bad over all.
t3_3smozm-t3_3smozm-cwyrv68	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i wrote about this recently hoping to help someone. i lost my dad to cancer. cancer he had beat, that sent him to the hospital nearly on his death bed, but he beat it, yet his tumor markers stayed elevated. his oncologist didn't see anything else. nothing in his blood, cat scans or pet scans. the whole time i was dealing with a very depressed father who felt his only reason for existing was to meet his grand daughter(5 months after his all clear).   about 7 months after his "all clear" he was having trouble eating, bowel issues. doctors didn't see anything, but he kept losing weight. 10 months after he was "all clear", my skeleton of a father fell down his stairs after a heart attack and multiple stokes. turns out the cancer never went away, they just couldn't see it any more. his treatable colon cancer had become stage 4 and matastisized to his liver, kidneys and pancreas. but it was the heart attack and strokes that did him in. i spent 2.5 weeks watching the man i love, my hero wasting away, angry, confused and shitting himself. he died 3 days after my birthday and his grand daughter was only 6 months old.  every time talked we when he was well, we always told each other "i love you". we were best friends. i would have preferred him dying quick in a car accident. he was a bachelor, a hermit and i was his only child. he was fiercely independent and he had to deal with his son being in the room, while nurses bathed him and he shit himself. he had to watch me,  a new father spend every day at the hospital. if he knew i couldn't pay rent, becuase i basically quit my job to care for him and spend time with him, he would have died even sooner.  luckily i was in the room with him as he died. with my mom, aunt and uncle. holding his hand, telling him we love him. i've told it here a few times but i will tell it again. i was running errands when my uncle called me and told me i should get to the nursing home. i delayed, "he was fine" i told myself. the calls became more urgent. i arrived and my almost immobile father turned his head as well as he could and gave 2 weak smiles. 2 minutes later he died.   i can't tell you how lucky i feel to be there for that. at the same time i dealt with 2.5 weeks of pain and heartbreak. and lots of people deal with much longer periods. i can't imagine that pain.  in hindsight, i would very much prefer a car accident have taken him. he knew i loved him with all my heart.  but fuck suicide. i don't think any death compares with suicide and my heart goes out to those that expieriance that. outside of doctor assisted of course. very much a advocate of that.  sorry for the ramble, it's only been 3 months and i've been drinking.
t3_4hjbhg-t3_4hjbhg-d2qruom	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7352	i had colon cancer 14 years ago.  last week, after a regular yearly check in with the oncologist/hematologist)the nurse called to schedule a second blood test because the "tumor marker" level was high.  i freaked out and got more info from the doctor a couple days later.  there are other reasons this test could be high.  my colitis has also gotten much worse in the last few months. (could be a symptom but also a reason the number was high.)  i am scared.  really scared, and if i mention my fear to my husband he tells me "don't worry about it, everything is fine"  my best friend tells me to "give it over to god."  so i keep it in and cry when i am alone.
t3_2xq1ze-t3_2xq1ze-cp2ds1q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i took a shit once and it was fucking green.  i thought i had rectal cancer but googled it and soon enough realised that the many, many blue cocktails i drank the night before had just dyed my shit green, and it was perfectly normal.
t3_1hj2zr-t3_1hj2zr-cauxjnt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the creepiest, most unexplainable shit i ever had was new year's eve in 2008.  i was in a boston hotel room and the shit came out black with red patches.  it was creepy because i heard it could be a sign of colon cancer and it was unexplainable because i eat healthy and exercise six days a week.
t3_v4eb1-t3_v4eb1-c51an3q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was obese and started atkins, then quickly shifted to keto. i didn't exercise at first, following advise to wait until my energy increased. in a year and a half, i lost 70 lbs and this included a bout with rectal cancer (including chemo and radiation therapy). now that that's over and i've lost the weight, i'm doing more walking (light exercise, it's true). i'm still losing 3-4 lbs per month and i'm satisfied with that. i don't have to be buff by independence day or toned by august, so i can afford to take my time.  when i'm ok with it, i may walk (level) for 2 to 2 1/2 hours a day.  i don't count calories either and i'm not hungry. so, to me, it's all good.
t3_dp8lt-t3_dp8lt-c11x3bk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7361	i had a prof (saunders) once who apparently hated his two daughters. he kept saying how "easy" they were and how when he answers the phone he says "saunder's bakeshop, which tart do you want?"  he told another story about his english prof having (life threatening) colon cancer surgery where they removed half of it. he visited him and asked how he was doing: "you know what they say saunders, it's better to have a semi-colon than a full stop."  classy.
t3_4ruquy-t3_4ruquy-d54uwuj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8661	i don't have cancer but i just found out yesterday that a family member has stage 1 lung cancer, they caught it early it looks like. but this is after she had surgery for stage 1 colon cancer last year and beat it. last summer my grandmother died of lung/pancreatic cancer. my grandfather died of prostate cancer.   fuck. cancer.
t3_3g05zw-t3_3g05zw-cttox7c	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5184	it may be anal fissures or hemorrhoids. lube up your hole with vaseline before you poop and up your fiber intake. but yeah, go get it checked out. take it from someone who waited until i passed out with pain before going to the hospital for a stage iv colon cancer diagnosis.
t3_2sn4wa-t3_2sn4wa-cnt5lv3	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi there! fellow stage iv colon cancer patient checking in. i will have chemo tomorrow, so i won't be able to respond for a few days i fear. but i wanted to ask: what does abdominal wall mets mean? is this the peritoneum? i have had liver mets and have had a liver resection surgery. it was rough, i won't lie to you. liver resection makes you very, very tired. but you recover from it. i had two major surgeries and both times it was very hard also emotionally. it does something to my heart and soul when my body suffers. but - you recover from that too.  i have had the liver surgery before the one for the main tumor. it was during what was supposed to be the surgery to remove the tumor in the sigmoid that they discovered mets to my ovaries. because i had those, they were quite sure it was on the peritoneum too (they were right). they decided to not do the surgery and woke me up instead. i was then rescheduled (after thorough discussion with both the hospital here in zurich and a doctor i know at md anderson) for hipec surgery - as i decided that was the best option.   if by abdominal wall you mean the peritoneum, ask them about hipec. do insist.   mets to the peritoneum are a big danger though. hipec might not be an option or it might be but not lead to remission in the end. unfortunately, it didn't for me. but i would do the same again. it wanted to do everything i could and not be sorry later.
t3_1nnovb-t1_cckeq2v-cckjl66	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	diagnosed at 22 with colon cancer.  i contracted a staff infection in my chemo port and was in the hospital for 3 days. they knew i had an infection and put me on the strongest antibiotic, but they didn't know it was staff until a day later. before knowing, they came in and asked to do a sonogram of my heart. i didn't realize why until recently. i have a very small heart murmur (not a good combination).  chemo was delayed, and i went home with an antibiotic given through an iv. it needed to be changed every day because it was too hard on the iv site. i eventually got a new port, where they continued the antibiotic.  other than catching the cancer early'ish, that was by far my luckiest moment in my battle. to this day, my family doesn't realize that waiting to go to the hospital the next morning, i probably wouldn't have made it.  tldr; i confirm, almost happened to me.
t3_zri2k-t3_zri2k-c678jni	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6132	three months ago i lost my father to cancer. we live in canada, and i can't say good enough things about the care he received.   at the end of october he was diagnosed with rectal cancer, within two weeks he had gone for surgery to place a colostomy bag, within six weeks he began his chemo treatments which lasted for 28 treatments i believe. one month after that he was scheduled to have the tumor removed, but they discovered the cancer had spread, and he was given one year. (during these few months, november -april) i was away from school and he refused for me to drop out and be with him, so some of the dates may be wrong)  two weeks after dad was told he had a year left, i moved home, and at this point he had already declined, and was on home palliative care, and to be honest it was almost a nuisance how much they tried, visiting daily, phoning every few hours.  three weeks after i moved home, dad was in to much pain to remain at home, so we phoned for an ambulance, who picked him up, drove him to the hospital. he was immediately admitted, and brought to medicine, were he stayed for five weeks before he passed away. once again i have nothing negative to say about the care he received in medicine.
t3_4zrmmn-t1_d6yfjkk-d72b1ud	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	fuck me. don't say these things.   what type of cancer did you have? i'm currently stage 4 colorectal and i have bleeding upon eliminating my bowels. i've been through 12 rounds, but they never even saw my initial tumor on the pet scan, let alone anything now. i just feel like we are playing roulette.
t3_yqlos-t1_c5xyese-c5y8g2j	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6698	cancer sucks.  i very recently watched as chemo killed my dad in four short months after being diagnosed with colon cancer.  the worst part is that i know he would have lasted longer and been in less pain if he didn't do the chemo.  i hope your mom hangs in there. i know how brutal this can be.    i'm not sure what i'm trying to say here.  i'm crying because of this whole damn thread and i know how shitty it is to helplessly watch a parent waste away.  don't lose hope and no matter what:  tell your mom how much you love her.  i wish i told my dad that more often, but it wasn't really our style and i regret it every day.  yikes, i'm a mess.  sorry.  sending good vibes your way.
t3_4e64nz-t1_d1xbhnz-d1xbmzi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7559	he's got stage 4 colon cancer - i'm surprised that he's stuck around this long to be honest. i can't imagine the stress of a gm job, being 73 and having stage 4 cancer is easy.   i don't think he's done the best job as gm, that being said, i thought he was a great coach and i hope that he can spend some time with his family and maintain a good life.
t3_2vlk89-t3_2vlk89-coiqagz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7955	she was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and the doctors gave her 6 months if it went untreated. somehow she has made it just under 2 years. there are easy days and then there are really hard days. but you learn not take the good days for granted and enjoy every moment.
t3_2ipzr8-t1_cl4gzl1-cl4h3b0	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6742	i believe he said it was colon cancer but they caught it early which is why he is most likely goign to live.
t3_1ofujl-t1_ccrt2ry-ccs5nt7	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6722	i went through the same thing!  i was diagnosed with stage iii colorectal cancer in 2010.  i was 46 at the time.  went through radiation and chemo to shrink the tumor.  then had the tumor removed and a temporary illeostomy.  i had to use a colostomy bag for a year or so while i went through another round of chemo.  then i had the illeostomy reversed.  it has been 3+ years since my diagnosis and i have been cancer-free.  to anybody who is going through this... keep your chin up!  you will get through it!
t3_48707c-t1_d0hnpmt-d0hoav6	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had colon cancer as well as ovarian cysts and severe endometrosis that invaded my abdomen,bowels, bladder and cervix. because of a prior surgery everything had to be done open abdominal. i had a resection and cysts/scar tissue removal. six months later i had to go back in for more endo removal, a grapefruit sized cyst and a total hysterectomy to prevent regrowth. i was very lucky to catch my cancer at stage i. i didn't need any other treatment beside surgery. i was 31 so it was odd for me to have it and catch it before it had spread. luckily i was hyper aware of my body being off and refused to take no for an answer and got a colonoscopy done. the dr kept telling me i was too young to have anything serious wrong and i just fucking knew something was wrong.
t3_14zyk3-t1_c7i3ftv-c7i4eqw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought it was common knowledge but here is just what a quick google search yielded:   "researchers have speculated that an alkaline diet might slow bone loss and muscle waste, increase growth hormone, make certain chronic diseases less likely, and ease low back pain. however, that hasn't been proven.  there is also no concrete evidence that an alkaline or vegetarian diet can prevent cancer. some studies have shown that vegetarians have lower rates of cancer, particularly colon cancer, according to the american cancer society."  i am however not a researcher myself, so any information i present i cannot really stand behind. but i have heard about the benefits of alkaline foods many many times.
t3_1rkfaw-t3_1rkfaw-cdo4y0f	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	this isn't supposed to be witty or insightful i really do mean it. to answer your question i personally call it everyday life. i found out yesterday i have colon cancer throughout my accenting and transverse colon as well as lymphomia. i am actually happy that god has finally given me a way out without having to do it myself. needless to say i do not plan on fighting it. if you feel as i have/do unfortunately i have no words of wisdom or fake positive crap to make you feel better. but that doesn't mean i think you should suffer. i hope whatever is making you feel this way is something that can and will get better. if you need to talk i'm here for you. just know i'm not the kind of person that likes to feed people false positivity, i'm very logical and will state the facts as i see them. i hope this post was on some level helpful to you.
t3_3kthbs-t1_cv2dwt2-cv2f87q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes yes yes yes. that's exactly how his stool was. definitely try the over the counter test, it's called ez detect--it's used primarily for those who have digestion issues (my mom uses them because she had colon cancer and needs to check regularly if any issues are cropping up), but it's the first and easiest check to see if allergies are on the radar. when i kept reading about allergies and blood in the stool, i thought it meant visible blood, which he never had. but man, his test was instantly positive for blood. he also ate every two hours. it was brutal. but he kept eating to help push the pain and acid back down (he had silent reflux). by all accounts, there wasn't any reason for a dr who saw him for 10 minutes to suspect allergies, but mothers know their babies best, so even though he smiles at the drs and was a good weight, it was obvious to me he was suffering.  the poo test happened when he was three months and i lived in the uk at the time. they wouldn't test him that young because they said he needed to be exposed to foods to show up positive on the test (wait until we start weaning. though opinions vary on this). so my options were formula or try various elimination diets. like i said earlier, i had eliminated gluten, dairy, and soy but he still had problems, so i opted for do formula instead of experimenting for months to figure out what the problems were. he was tested at 8 months after a couple incidents with hives and severe eczema that wasn't healing--his digestion was better but we still struggled because of his skin. turns out the 'hypoallergenic' formulas in the uk for milk allergy sufferers was causing the eczema (he needed neocate but refused to drink it). we swapped it for soy, made half of our kitchen allergy-friendly (he had his own cutting board for his food, knives, etc) and my life completely changed. no stomach pains, no hives, no eczema, and a 'normal' child.  for elimination diets, you have to give it at least three weeks to notice a difference, and you can keep checking the stool with the tests (when the gut is healing, the test area will be speckled with colour instead of solid). it might be worth eliminating a few of the top allergens (milk, soy, egg, wheat, peanut, shellfish, strawberry) at once, see how it goes, and then slowly reintroduce.  also. if you want recipes or any more help, please let me know--i'm more than happy to help in whatever way i can. i know it's not easy :-(
t3_1xay09-t3_1xay09-cfa3zqj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	word on that sodium nitrate. look it up, it's some nasty shit. i recently started doing home made ham because of that. the sodium nitrate makes the meat look better and last longer but it's really unhealthy stuff.  packed water for infants is considered alright if it has less than 0.5 mg of sodium nitrate per liter. normal packed water must have under 1mg. meat, bacon, ham? it can have like 150mg per kg. recently it was found that it is the leading cause of colon cancer in my country. so my advice: use normal kitchen salt and powdered sugar(helps with color). it will not last as long or look so great but it will still taste miles above store bought.
t3_4yacrz-t3_4yacrz-d6mke4p	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6835	this has me crying.   i was talking to a friend yesterday who lost her mother to colon cancer just over a year ago.  they just found out her father has cdiff.  she works two jobs to stay busy.     i have both my parents that are still alive that love me.  i have siblings that care and a roof over my head.   maybe i'm not strong because i don't have to be.  i have them to lean on.  she's slowly running out of everyone to lean on.  but she's still a wonderful beautiful person.  i told her how much i admire her strength, because i would have killed myself in her situation... she told me that just because this stuff is happening to her now doesn't mean i haven't had things happen to me.  and it doesn't make them any less painful just because they happened so long ago.   i just hugged her and told her i love her.    this rap may not have meant to be this deep, but it hit me that deep.
t3_4oeo5i-t1_d4c7mi1-d4ccau0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6701	exactly what my doctor told me.  i had bloody stools and then went to the clinic.  they ordered a colonoscopy and it was just hemorrhoids.  it happened again a few years after and he told me that colon cancer takes a long time to grow and since i had a colonoscopy there was no need for another one.
t3_zy50d-t3_zy50d-c68sp2w	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6742	i was 17 when i had surgery to remove my entire colon to *prevent* cancer as was on the brink of having at least 1 or 2 separate stage 1 adenocarcinomas. i then needed to have abdominal surgery again for my intestines at age 20 &amp; 21 and was found to have 3 intra-abdominal desmoid tumors (sarcoma-like). fortunately these are technically "benign" but still considered a cancer since surgery, chemo, and radiation are the standard treatments. i am on a watch-and-see plan, 7 years out.
t3_20jy99-t1_cg3zlvd-cg429cf	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	same here! i finished chemo for stage 3 colon cancer about a month ago. when i felt like eating, i ate whatever i damn well wanted. and now i have to re-lose 20 pounds that i thought were long gone.
t3_40sndq-t1_cyx15fr-cyx2jkk	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5044	yes, i'm well aware of the fact that tb's cancer has metastasized because it started in his colon and moved to his liver through his bloodstream.  i'm very well aware of the different stages of cancer, you don't need to explain it to me - i was gonna go to med school but $300,000 is too much money imo, but i do know a more-than-basic amount of medicine, and i'll always regret that i didn't go to med school.  i agree that you cannot cure cancer that has metastasized because that means it has spread through the bloodstream.  i guess the main moral of the story is fuck cancer.  edit: downvoted for saying fuck cancer, *nice*
t3_2kgb5d-t1_cll31ok-cll99uu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	after my dad tested positive for colon cancer the doctor recommended i get tested for it as well.  when i was informed it would be a 'digital' test, the sigh of relief was audible, because in my naive mind it meant a scan or some sort.   45 minutes later when the doctor was knuckle deep in my butthole i realized that modern medicine isn't all that modern in some instances.
t3_16xg35-t3_16xg35-c80u9zn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i always thought it was normal that my poops tended to be wider than they were long. this went on until i was around 18. my dad got colon cancer and my mom had a bit of a scare because she was convinced it could be genetic. she made us all get a full medical exam, and the doctor told me i had an abnormally wide sphincter.  it doesn't change my life much, but i've always thought it was interesting.
t3_108199-t1_c6b8xd1-c6b93h7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6764	thank you. it was almost 4 years ago when we lost her, and man, is it hard. i pray that somehow colon cancer can be cured and was ecstatic that they have found new medicine that can help beat the disease.   i'm currently trying to find a primary physician and i need to schedule it through him. it ain't cheap, though.
t3_40fu4d-t3_40fu4d-cyunoz9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	something i thought about his cancer wasnt known outside his family so maybe the reason it was kept secret was because it was something unflattering like colon or prostate.
t3_1bg0qa-t3_1bg0qa-c96jz70	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6745	i lost my dad to colon cancer in may of 2011. it was a two year battle and from day 1 of diagnosis it was always "he's in god's hands" and "god's will". a neighbor would tell my mom everything will be ok if she just prayed enough. my mom and all of my family is religious but knew how serious the prognosis was though and she didn't let those things get to her. she is still religious and will tell me stuff like he is watching over you and what not. i think i am more at peace with his passing than anyone in my family.   anyway i think people telling you those things is more of a reassurance for them as much as it is you. i "humored" them and their religious consoling.    by humored i mean i handled it by not responding or just saying yea and they would leave me alone for the most part.
t3_1ff2dz-t3_1ff2dz-ca9nn2b	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my fiance had stage 3 colon cancer and although his had spread to just the lymph nodes and not his liver, i may be able to answer any questions you have. the 6 months of intense chemo is something he had to do along with other treatments. reply here or pm me with questions if you want. sorry i didn't see your first post about this sooner.
t3_170g8b-t1_c814iu2-c816zxu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	i lost my dad this way.. he just had twelve hour surgery the day before to remove a stage four colon cancer tumor. he crashed in the morning, and was brought back, but he had lost enough oxygen to the brain that he was just in essentially a coma until we decided to take him off life support.  he held on for a week, then died in a hospice, surrounded by the people he loved.  i was fourteen.
t3_42o0rd-t1_czbqrr9-czbr1gx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks. and i will.  but sometimes the posts fall into a grey area. not asking specifically if it's cancer, but still asking to chat. i just feel weird about those. i feel like anyone with diarrhea can come in and start chatting about their fear of colon cancer or something. i just don't want it to take away from those who actually have cancer.  i don't know why it bothers me? just feels like an invasion, and a mockery of those with it. like i said, maybe i'm just being bitchy :/
t3_4n5abz-t1_d414lu6-d41ha8l	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6883	ive had patients who are admitted to hospice (6-month prognosis) then decide..ok...give me chemo and its just too late for that...so sad.  people over 50!!!   go get your colonoscopy!  go do it.  colon cancer is an ugly death...also, people who have symptoms no matter what age you are...go get it checked out.
t3_2mw5d8-t3_2mw5d8-cm890c8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i can definitely relate to this.  my mom had colorectal cancer last august.  it started as some lower right quadrant pain, so i told her to go get it checked out because it could be appendicitis.  after an ultrasound and mri they found a softball-sized tumor on her large intestine.  that afternoon they had her in and out of surgery, and luckily they were able to remove the entire tumor.  a little over a year after she has been diagnosed as cancer-free.  hopefully all goes well for olle, my heart really go out to him.
t3_2wti6i-t3_2wti6i-cou1tf4	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	sorry to hear about your mother's battle. everything sounds vague because no one knows. the best way to look at it is that your mother has a disease that no one else has. her cancer is unique to her. cancer is just a way of saying the cells are abnormal. everyone that has cancer has a different kind of cancer. i have colon cancer but my cancer is unlike all other colon cancers. i had 1 in my colon, 1 in my liver, and 1 in my lung. "normally" there would have been more tumors in my colon and more in my liver before ever making it to my lung. this wasn't my case. i was fortunately able to have all 3 tumors removed successfully where as some might not have been able to even have 1 taken off their liver.  long way to my point, your mother's cancer is unlike anyone else's cancer. so to say she has less than a year or 25 years left means nothing. she might have it completely removed with surgery, radiation, chemo or a combination of all of them. her fight is hers and unlike anyone else that has cancer.  be there for her however you can and stay as positive as possible even if the news tells you otherwise.   help her get her affairs in order just so she has nothing to worry about while she's fighting the fight. this doesn't mean that it will be necessary to reference her wishes for a very long time.
t3_6s79q-t1_c04q40q-c04q9mr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6798	i had some warty growths on my stomach and my doctor diagnosed them on the spot, then busted out his huge book and found it "just to make sure".  he's awesome.  shame about your doctors. edit: i mean johnb's.  the only thing thats worried me after 10 years of going to him was i have like 3/5 symptoms of colon cancer and all he did was pressed down a few times on my stomach to see if i was hurting anywhere and said it was prob just my diet.  i guess cancer's no biggie.
t3_4s3n4r-t3_4s3n4r-d56hi3w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7577	have you pointed out to him that whether he sees a doctor or not will not change whether he's injured or sick?  i had diverticulitis twice in the last year and had to get a colonoscopy to make sure that my colon wasn't damaged. i really, really, really did not want to do it. i put it off for months but finally made the appointment. i kept reminding myself that getting the procedure didn't change whether something was wrong, it just changed whether i knew about it, and knowing about it is a *good* thing because then it can be addressed before it becomes a real problem.  they found a polyp that they didn't use to think could be pre-cancerous but now they do. i've got 14 years until i turn 50 and get the routine colonoscopy everyone's supposed to get then -- i could have developed colon cancer and not known in time.  anyway, if he's sticking his head in the sand because he can't deal with the possibility that something might be wrong, you might be able to get through to him by pointing out that he's putting himself through way more difficulty than he would if he just went to the doctor. he could get a pill or a wrap and be done with it much sooner. but not going doesn't mean nothing's wrong. it just means he doesn't know.
t3_1w5et5-t3_1w5et5-cez2rn8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i mean i don't care about the poor man's zach galifianakis in this pic, really, but everyone deserves a chance (loved you in that move where you played a fat quirky guy, btw).  so i reckon i don't entirely understand why this was canceled. was it cold today? yeah, absolutely, no one would rationally argue against the fact that it was freezing weather. it was cooooold. but was it really that cold all things considered?   what's happening is that the lake view polar plungers care about: poor families, gimpy kids, and rectal cancer or whatever other shite. but..........not quite enough where it's truly uncomfortable.
t3_3zz1lo-t1_cyq5i3x-cyqbmrn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8373	i'm sorry to hear about this. i'm thai / american and i checked to see if i can register, and i would do it, but unfortunately i'm stage 4 colon cancer survivor and so i can't be a donor. all i can say here about cancer is that it sucks. if someone else sees this and you're half thai maybe it can motivate you to register, there's not a lot of us...
t3_23ggzd-t3_23ggzd-cgxannb	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm 27f, 5'6" and currently 121 lbs. a few years ago i started keto. i was never fat, just skinny fat. back in college the most i got to was 145-150 and i hated it. i started taking my food from the cafeteria there back to my room to eat to force myself to not get seconds and thirds (it was all you can eat if you dined in). that helped a lot in initially losing weight. i started keto when i was around 135-140. it helped a lot as well but i was hungry as fuck on it, which was the opposite response many people had to that diet so it was confusing.  i was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer last january and had the surgery and chemo and i'm all good now. but that means i have 1/3 less colon and food goes through me a lot faster now (which is fucking awesome compared to my previous bowel habits!!). i try to eat more of a paleo or primal inspired diet 95% of the time. i really avoid sugar and wheat but will allow myself a bit of rice a couple times a week if i desire. but i mostly just eat meat, veggies, lots of fat, and no sugar.  it's funny that during keto the lowest i got to and stayed around was 127, but after all the surgery and switching to more carby veggies a la primal/paleo, i have gotten closer to my goal at 121. i understand calories in calories out but i feel macronutrients are more important initially. now i just try to reign both of those in, but not actively. if i happen to cheat with some kind of wheat thing, i won't have a dessert cheat also, and vise versa.  fatlogic is just a great funny subreddit but it also helps to keep me on track to not cheat often at all. i know i always feel like shit about it after i do and i want to be as healthy as i can to stay at a weight i like but also to help keep this shit in remission. so thanks for the laughs and te motivation!!
t3_2j46yr-t3_2j46yr-cl8w2pt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was staying at the hospital with my critically ill husband. he had colon surgery but couldn't seem to start recovering. our doctors had tried most every thing.  i am a christian from a very conservative protestant denomination. i had been praying for my husband to be healed, and to live. i heard a voice in my head tell me "get on your knees".a clear strong voice. firm and determined in tone. i did. right there in his hospital room. i fell o my knees and i prayed with all my heart "thy will be done" and meant it. i felt a physical weight lift from me. i turned it over to god and trusted he knew what was best. i still believe it. my husband got worse,his abdominal incision burst open in his room, and his intestines bulged out. he was rushed back into surgery,where a large abscess was found in his gut. it was cleaned out and he recovered. this all happened the day after my "message". i don't know if it was lack of sleep,an intuition, or the voice of god but it changed me. i had lost my first  husband to cancer 20 years before, and always felt like a victim. i was so afraid when my second husband had a severe illness (perforated colon) that i was just beside myself with worry. i didn't want to be a widow twice by age 50. after realizing there is only one being in control, and its not me, i turned it over to god. life is better now-every day is a blessing -even the not so perfect ones. i don't share this story too often as i don't want to be perceived as a kook. but it happened.  edited for clarity and spelling
t3_odt7x-t3_odt7x-c3gm0fa	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was conceived during my parent's honeymoon to europe. my father had stage iiic colon cancer and was going through chemotherapy. i was absolutely *not* supposed to be conceived, but i was. i'm glad i know that and i'm glad my parents tried so hard to have a kid, despite the odds.
t3_1y09rb-t3_1y09rb-cfghgyn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i haven't had cancer, but i can speak on my mom's behalf.   she had been having pains in her lower right abdomen area for several months. after going from doctor visit to doctor visit, and all of the pretty much saying, ["forget about it"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j5xu9ucodj0#t=0), but eventually, some doctor finally figured that something was wrong and she had a ct scan. it was here the doctors finally figured out that shit was on like donkey kong. she was soon diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer the day before thanksgiving just last year. she went through surgery to remove what they could, and she recovered at a good rate.   mostly.   she was soon able to return home where she would be nursed daily. nursing her wasn't working very well, however. she was returned to the hospitals icu.   eventually, it was obvious that the cancer was getting worse. she was put into a medical center specifically for cancer, i won't say which as to keep location secret.   here, she remained in a hospital bed all day, every day. my dad eventually got my aunt to take me to the hospital. here i was told, however vaguely, that she probably wasn't going to make it and there was a 1-3% chance that she would. she stayed in the care unit there for probably a week to a week and a half. she returned home, where she would spend her last days.  she died on december 21st, less than a month after she was diagnosed with cancer. so, unfortunately, this is a sad story, but it is what it is, and here is her story.  tl;dr: read it lazy, i formatted it for you.
t3_did2f-t3_did2f-c10eykf	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7524	my father was diagnosed and went into surgery for colon cancer in the span of 1 week since the start of his symptoms. so far he is cancer free and hasn't paid a cent. the system works. i love it and wouldn't want it any other way.  the only thing i have to worry about is if i get a good room in the hospital...
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46vi94	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6648	my friend was diagnosed with stage iv colorectal cancer in 2010 and he is still fighting hard, staying positive and not letting it slow him down. he keeps a blog of his journey and provides insight into some of the treatments he has undergone. hopefully you can find some inspiration and useful information there. stay positive!  http://mindlessfulness.blogspot.com/
t3_dfjg5-t3_dfjg5-c0zub7o	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	one year ago, to the day, i had my first colonoscopy. i was afraid, like you are. the scoping was a breeze compared with the diagnosis. stage  3, colon cancer. 50 weeks ago, they removed the tumor by taking 18" of my sigmoid and descending colon. 10 months back the chemo started, 12 cycles of 5-fu and oxaliplatin  every two weeks. nine months ago my daughter was born. 8 months ago i was let go from my job. 7 months ago i heard "daddy's too sick to play today" to my three year old son for the 24th time. 6 months ago i was $45,000 richer than i am now. 4 months ago the chemo ended. 3 months ago i was thirty pounds lighter. 2 months ago i had the ct scan for the second time...it was clean. last month i had my 2nd colonoscopy, also clean. today, one year later as a "survivor" i advise you to get the colonoscopy.   tl:dr: get the colonoscopy before it's too late.
t3_3bmvx9-t3_3bmvx9-csnkyo8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my best friend died of colon cancer a few years ago. to say that was a traumatic time in my life is an understatement. he told me he was in love with me the same night he told me he had 6 months to live. i had a dream/nightmare two nights ago about that night, and he proposed. when i woke up, his obituary, which i had hung up on my wall, was on the floor.
t3_25y6uz-t3_25y6uz-chx86c0	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	talk to your doc.   i don't know if you saw the whole thing with totalbiscuit, but he has colon cancer and had a number of symptoms leading up to it that he ignored. prognosis is okay at this point, but it didn't even have to get beyond very very early stages.  have your doc do another test and do a colonoscopy if necessary.   don't worry about it because as /u/hcuveas said it may very well be nothing, but you don't want to later find out that it was something.
t3_4fs3bp-t3_4fs3bp-d2bm7jz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6589	i had blood in my stool for 4 years before getting checked. assumed it was an internal hemeroid. i was diagnosed with stage 2 rectal cancer this tuesday. i have and still feel fine. no symptoms other than blood and thin stool since it pushed past the mass. he should get checked.
t3_2nkpvj-t3_2nkpvj-cmeljq7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6759	i'm a med student and it already happened to me. 30ish male, comes in with some constipation, tells me he thinks he has prostate cancer because he looked up the symptoms and has a lot of them. i did ask him what symptoms of ''prostate cancer'' he ''had'', even if i really didn't thinkhe had prostate cancer. it kinda helped make the diagnosis even if i would have asked about what he told me anyways, but the most important part is that it made him come to the hospital even if he had seen a doctor just 2 days ago (who made a wrong diagnosis...). turns out he had rectal cancer.
t3_34ipvk-t3_34ipvk-cqvd9nk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6725	both my mom and dad had cancer.  dad: started with urinating blood. my mom and i don't know for how long. apparently he wasn't worried about it because he had (not serious) issues with his kidneys that would cause this to happen sometimes. my mom walked in on him urinating blood and forced him to the doctor. turns out it was very very aggressive cancer that jumped from his bladder to his brain and killed him. very rare. only happened in 2 other cases in the world. diagnosed at 49, died at 53.  mom: she started having difficulty pooping. thought she was just constipated but it didn't get better for a long time so i convinced her to get a colonoscopy (this was 2 months after dad died). nothing showed up. so she got a scan. turns out my mom had ovarian cancer...but heres the kicker....she had a full hysterectomy when i was a child. she either had a 3rd ovary or another ovary grew somehow and attached itself to the rectal wall. it was a very aggressive cancer but it was caught early and it was able to be treated. the doctors said she was lucky to have any signs at all because ovarian cancer usually gives no signs, which is why it is so deadly. she is currently in remission. diagnosed at 53, in remission at 57.
t3_1ktzzn-t3_1ktzzn-cbsoqes	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6642	i never went to the doctor before when i did not have to and then my wife recommended that i should.  since i was getting old i should give it a go and see how my health was.  they gonna tell me i cant eat for a day and clean my system out with this drink and what not for my colonoscopy.  i said sure why not lets make sure i was healthy.  they give me the colonoscopy and sure as shit; i have colon cancer.  my wife was devastated and was at a loss for words.  she sobbed for a day and i had no idea how to comfort her.  so i do what i always do when i am worried, i play video games.  "f@#k you!! you have cancer and you are playing videogames!" my wife exclaims.  i am in shock because prior to this she never yelled at me for playing my games.  i always listened to her and i guess it was about time to finally take this seriously.  "what do you want me...us to do next?"  "it's up us to get through this together we need to think of a plan and how to pay for this treatment."  i agreed with her totally then i thought maybe i should pull a heisenberg and start cooking.  i never paid attention in school so i could not do that and now i needed to think how i could support my family and what i should do for the next couple of months while i fight this thing and hope it goes into remission.    "we gonna till it's over. so we put our hands up like the ceiling can’t hold us!!"  i said ecstatically as i held my wife's hand.  she burst into tears again as i went into my final treatment.    they let  us wait for a while to get the results of the whole thing.  through it all i had my wife right at my side and she was my rock for the last three months. the doctor walks in.  "michael, you cancer free it seems.  the cancer has gone into remission but you aren't...." the doctor began, i dont remember the rest because i heard all i needed.  he stated that i would have to come back for check ups for a while and i understood.  finally this well was over.  we went to celebrate after that.  my wife wanted to celebrate after she got off of work the next day as well.  so i had the day off and did my own celebrating...played more video games.  "you, go f@#k yourself!!"  my wife yelled at me for once again playing my video games.  i could not understand why she would do that.   "why are you playing these games you just beat cancer!! now you want to beat some stupid monster in a video game!! i can't believe you, i'm done!!"  she yelled again.  she left me and as she packed her bags she said "read the second word in each break, man, just read it"
t3_2wsig7-t3_2wsig7-cou3c3l	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6807	i'm so sorry about your wife's diagnosis. i was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer 4 months after giving birth to my daughter. obviously a different cancer, so i can't comment on your wife's, but if you ever need to talk to someone who is dealing / dealt with cancer and a baby, feel free to pm me. i was given 2 years to live and this june will be 2 years and there is no evidence of disease. it's a hellish battle and i can't tell you it's going to be easy, but use your baby as a way of staying in the present - that's all they know. best of luck to you. and please, please get help for yourself too... my partner ended up leaving me and our baby because they just couldn't deal with the emotional shit.
t3_25mgqw-t3_25mgqw-chjiybv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8331	this is how my dad found colon cancer now i'm constantly terrified of finding cancer myself. my dad waited on his until his insides were practically falling out and went in they said he was way way to far gone and there was no hope. he tried going through chemo and other meds but he just got sicker until he couldn't eat, lost a bunch of weight. he gave up got off all his meds felt a little better and was able to eat again but died shortly after that and still wasnt well. it spread to his brain and he was trapped in his head in a way for a short time before passing. had he gone in sooner he could have had the cancer removed before it had a chance to spread. i hope she is ok.
t3_26vpz4-t3_26vpz4-chv4w1r	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	tell that to my husband, who spent his entire adult life being sick and not knowing why; losing job after job because he spent so much of the day in the bathroom and didn't want to admit why; until he was finally diagnosed as celiac in his early 50s. yes, the gluten-free diet eliminated his symptoms, but the damage was already done; he was diagnosed with stage 4 small intestine and colon cancer a year and a half ago. colon cancer is common but small intestine cancer is rare; it was almost certainly due to the repeated insults from gluten before diagnosis.  fortunately, after two major surgeries and 6 months of chemo, he is cancer free at the moment. but it was a hell of a lot more than a minor inconvenience.   celiacs should be aware of their increased cancer risk. unfortunately small intestine cancer has few symptoms until it is well advanced (my husband had multiple blockages) and there is as of yet no screening test for it.
t3_1g9fsd-t1_cai4lxg-caigznx	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7571	i have crohn's and cancer (whether i have cancer or had cancer is still up in the air, it was caught early stage). i've had two abdominal surgeries, one to remove six inches of my colon and once because the intesting got blocked because the scarring from the surgery caused an adhesion. i certainly don't feel brave, i feel damn lucky to have had terrific doctors.
t3_4ay44t-t3_4ay44t-d14h70g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6753	i lost my father to colorectal cancer in 2008, a little more than one year after his initial stage 4 diagnosis. i was 24 at the time.  it sucks, but death is a part of life. it was like falling out of touch completely with a good friend. after a while it starts to feel normal.  it doesn’t mean we’ve forgotten about him. we still talk about him. i still have his ashes in my apartment. i still dream about him. of course we miss him a lot. but death is a fact. if you can’t process that it fucks your life up, and that’s not what he would have wanted.  edit:  i just want to add that i didn’t seek any professional help at any point during this whole ordeal, but if you need to talk to someone and your friends or family aren’t physically or emotionally available for that, then go and talk to someone. i think my post may have come across a little too much like it was “oh he’s dead now moving on,” but obviously dealing with the loss of a loved one is an ongoing process and my method of getting drunk af and crying to the what hurts the most music video probably isn’t the most healthy way to go about it.
t3_31v2ou-t3_31v2ou-cq58x6y	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7606	i found out yesterday that someone i know at work has relapsed stage 4 colon cancer. doctors gave him 3 months unless chemotherapy works. it's not optimistic because it has spread to his lungs and kidney. i'm completely devastated by this news. just 2 months ago we lost another colleague to relapsed cancer. to top it off, my mom told me that my second uncle has recently been diagnosed with a late stage of colon cancer too.   i hate this fucking illness so much. it's like an evil that will always hang over its victims even if they beat it somehow. i hate it. i wish i'd been smarter and studied harder, so i could be a scientist and work on finding a cure. or at least be flithy rich and donate a stupid amount of money to the cause. i never understood why everyone talked about finding a cure for cancer when i was young. but now i can fully understand.    i hate it.
t3_2wp6pa-t3_2wp6pa-cot5of4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i ate a few pounds of red vines. next day, red poop. i thought it was blood. blood usually means cancer or some other really serious colon problem. a few days and a colonoscopy later, realize it was the dye from the vines.
t3_3rn9w0-t1_cwpwa0b-cwr07on	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad refuses to get a colonoscopy because he doesn't want another man sticking something up his butt (his words). he is literally willing to risk dying of colon cancer because of homophobia. not because he's afraid of pain or doesn't like doctors. just because...gay.  (i tried telling him it was cool if the doc said "no homo" before the procedure, but he was unmoved.)
t3_49z9n9-t1_d0wdq0y-d0wf6at	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it works for ya hey go for it but i need me some ruffage. i don't want to get colon cancer lol
t3_44cnyf-t3_44cnyf-czplkuh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	colon cancer is highly unlikely in someone as young as you are. that said, there may be a different issue going on, your liver labs may provide some insight.
t3_4s4ttz-t3_4s4ttz-d5ehw14	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6734	i don't normally comment on things on reddit but i can understand your situation. recently i have been having 'bloody'/red stools. it probably is the beetroot i have eaten but it digested in 3 hours (yesterday) and 4 hours (today). another occurring issue is my stool is usually unformed and i might have ibs, i never really looked into it. like you, my mum ignores/sick of the complaining about my bathroom habits/health anxiety issues. she would just say "no you don't" and walk off. i have thought i had colon cancer at some stage, but i just keep doing what i do and forget. if you are generally worried just try and keep a clear mind. i am only 19 which makes colon cancer even more extremely rare to occur. stay calm because stress doesn't help anything, it may be affecting your body. i hope you are okay and i wish you the best.
t3_2ndp1h-t3_2ndp1h-cmcsenp	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm a 36/m who is about a year out of treatment for stage 2 colon cancer.  first, take a deep breath and focus on what's in front of you.  don't spend too much energy on what if scenarios, but do brace yourself for a long road.  trust yourself to handle it.  you've been trough shit before, this is just another variety of shit (albeit one that makes your hair fall out).  i was diagnosed b/c i was anemic b/c my tumor was bleeding.  it was slow enough that i didn't see a difference in my stool but over months my hemoglobin levels dropped to half what they should have been.  what was initially suspected to be an ulcer turned out to be a bit more serious.  january of 2012 i had my ascending colon removed laproscopically.  remember the following advice, even though it sounds stupid:  if your gut hasn't started moving after a couple of days, drink some prune juice.  it got me going.    my surgeon pulled out 50+ lymph nodes and they all came back clean, although they did find a little nerve penetration.  my oncologist suggested chemo b/c i'm young.  so i did 18 weeks of it.  chemo sucks balls, but as stated before, you can handle it.  nothing i can do can describe the experience, and to confuse matters more, everyone's reactions are different.  for example, i didn't lose my hair, it just stopped growing.  i didn't have to shave for months.  and even though my hair didn't fall out, post chemo it's a little curly.  my family was great, they did all they could do, but don't be afraid to turn to other survivors or patients.  for all their support your supporters and caregivers won't understand what you're going through, the weight of it.  they can forget, they can lose themselves in a tv show or out shopping or dining.  you will have to carry it all the time, but you'll learn how strong you are, so you've got that going for you, which is nice.  feel free to pm me if you ever need anything or have questions.  and remember whatever happens you can handle it.
t3_rn3y5-t1_c4752tz-c475euh	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5024	no, it's not polyps. it's not colon  cancer per se. it's all around the large intestine, i have multiple tumors around the whole thing.   no one in my family has ever had colon cancer, but even the doctors were skeptical when we said that no one had any colon cancer in the family. but i will surely try to get some more information about this because my moms dad left her when she was young so i don't have that side of the story, but my grandmother said that his bloodline was fine.
t3_3a3bdu-t1_cs8x0xb-cs8xa8s	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7938	i feel that mate. i definiately thought i had rectal cancer and it was bloody poop in the toilet. just after 5 minutes of depression, i realized that it might just be the load of beets i ate.
t3_2ir993-t1_cl4rvga-cl4uswd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.738	i am a co-founder and president of a company and i had to endure one of my closest friends ruin his life and it really broke me down. he and i started a company together and we really made some money. we reinvested it in the company and it grew.  this man was a workaholic, certified and addicted to working. he was at the office for an unhealthy amount of time. i tried to talk to him about it but he just...didn't want to do anything else.  for the firs 8 years of our business he was working 60-70 hours at the office weekly or more, every damn day of the year. he would fly to china once a year for a month.. that was it. weekends/holidays he was at the office.  he didn't need to be, we hired people to take over our daily duties...but he was there. he felt he needed to be there for some reason, like things would fall to ruin without him being there every day... and i could not convince him otherwise.   he ended up getting a bad diagnosis of colon cancer about 6 years ago and never took a single day off. he would go to chemo and then to the office. i would go over his house after work and just sit with him.. drink (he was a big drinker which i believe caused his colon cancer) and just sit in silence because he didn't want to talk, which i understood.    i literally had to remove him from his office with paramedics because after a bout of chemo he passed out at his desk and i found him like that. from diagnosis to death it took around 5 months, such a fucking quick surreal time. one second my best friend was there with me, and all of a sudden this mighty personality was gone, in a flash.   one of my closest friends died without ever really living. he spent all of his time building the business and being at the business, he never spent his money, drove around a 95 bronco and lived to work. it really showed me how fragile human life can be, his larger than life personality, huge frame (he was 6'5 and 300+) and overall amazing presence was silenced so quickly by small cells in his colon, and so young... too young..   i told myself i would never let what happened to him happen to me, i enjoy my life... he was miserable in the end.. too stubborn to change and too stubborn headed to see what he was doing to himself.   he never took a wife or had children, he just worked. he never explored the world or even spent his money, he just worked.   i regret and often feel like i could have and should have done more to change or stop it. he left me quite a big chunk of money in his will as he didn't have too many family members alive and his only brother and him had a falling out.  i still have yet to touch that portion of my savings and i don't think i will until my child is ready to own a home.. i think that is a good way to spend the money that he worked so hard for.. i donated some of it to cancer research and the hospital that cared for him, as did he.   he did give me one bit of advice, i have always been a big nerd and video game addict, he always told me to quit playing video games.. he felt like it was interfering with my life and health, i still havn't listened to him on that bit of advise.. i suppose i am addicted to video gaming and i am sure it does effect my health due to sitting all of the time but i am sure i will someday ed,.. someday..    ***edit***  here is my own personal story: posted here and elsewhere in the thread... if you are interested...  unlike others who were born rich, i worked very hard for my money and i did have some luck along the way. i have to say that the freedom is fantastic and the ability to help others where you know they need it. living and growing up to a hard working physical laborer of a father, having to wait paycheck to paycheck to afford things, allowed me to appreciate wealth but also led to some of the larger issues in my life (pun intended) i chose a different path than my father and decided to try my hand at medicine, enlisted in the usaf and eventually opened a business of my own.   i am able to provide for the ones i love, for friends and family.. we have fun. it is fun being able to do what you want, when you want to do it and not have to save for 6 months to afford to do things.   i witnessed my father breaking his back day by day and giving everything he earned to us, seeing his hard work ethic really set an example for me to work hard and be honest and humble in my work.. appreciate my money. now, this did lead me down a path to get fat. i worked a non-physical job after separation from military and had enough money to eat what ever i wanted, and i did. i ate myself into a fat unhappy body, because i went to fancy dinners, ate big steaks and lobsters and just always had snacks handy. growing up poor and not being able to eat what i wanted made me feel like i would starve if i didn't finish my plate.. and now my plate was bigger, i was able to eat more... and it was a downward spiral.   over the last few years i have changed my life for the better by dieting and eating right and working out more... but it was a dark few years of being unhealthy.   aside from that, having the money to help others is my favorite part. i have helped my family buy homes, invest, go on trips, on a whim i can fly to a city to be with a family member or a friend for a birthday party of a simple sweet 16 for a cousin. sometimes friends can be greedy or don't want your "charity". i try and respect that. i appreciate that and don't rub it in that i make more than they do... but i want their company because i enjoy it. i understand people don't have enough paid leave from work, can't afford to fly to a location on a whim.. i help out where i can but i have to tread lightly because i know some of my closest friends don't have the freedom i do. just this year i have gone on 12 trips, mostly within the usa, but i really do enjoy myself because of the freedom money provides.   i have new cars... that is my favorite part. i grew up watching my father's shitbox constantly break down, he had to ride a bicycle to work for a few months in winter and take trains/buses because we couldn't afford fixing our family vehicle.   never again. i buy new, i lease for 3 years all of my vehicles because i don't worry about resale value.. drive them for the best 3 years of the car's life and then just get a new one.   i can have any vehicle i want, which has been fun.. i've had a few really great cars. same with my family. i recently bought my nieces and a nephew a vehicle .. not brand new but a great first starter car. i mean, i am sort of rambling here.. but i guess the major thing is stress.   i have maids who clean my homes, i have gardeners who tend to my yards, i don't mind paying a few hundred dollars a week to keep things tidy and clean, my time is more valuable than worrying about cleaning, honestly it is a lot more affordable than people realize to have a maid. around $100 a month, maybe $150, every other week per home. maybe $700 total a month for my homes and yardwork to ensure the place is clean and sanitary. i am not stressed.   i don't worry day by day how i will provide for my family like my father did. it wore on him and it was obviously part of his decline in health. i don't worry about my business because i know i work my hardest and i do all i can do to ensure we are successful. i believe i am a great employer and boss because i can truly empathize with my employees who may be living the life i did when i was a boy. i never forget where i came from and often visit my home town because of friends and family in the area.. it is humbling.   i owned a boat for a while, a true money suck... i still have the boat but i don't really use it more than 2-3 times a year, it stays at a club on a lift, but i had the opportunity to learn how to be a boat captain and that was pretty nice.   i have a small collection of tv/movie prop items that are nostalgic to me, i have spent quite a bit of money on them but i enjoy my collection and like to show it off when i can.   i have been to meet and get autographed pictures with a lot of my favorite celebrities from movies and tv such as star trek cast, lost, etc. i have a pretty nice room set up with my pc games/ actor autograph and tv/movie prop collectibles, my 'man cave' as they call it. i have explored the world and continue to do what makes me happy, because money provides the means for me to do what i want to do, what i choose to do. hope my long ass story helps give some insight.   tl:dr - my life story is up there summarized in a few paragraphs..., read it you lazy fucker.
t3_xdvxq-t3_xdvxq-c5lk373	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6741	against better judgement, i am not going to use a throwaway. i'm not proud of what i did, but i have made amends with this person and hopefully someone can learn from my foolish mistakes.   in high school, i had a friend who had colon cancer early in his teens. he was lucky to be rid of it, but it changed him a lot. after he went into remission, he started making a ton of really bad choices. drinking and smoking cigarettes a ton. he had a pharmacy of pain pills that he used to snort and smoke. just bad shit. his family wasn't in the best of financial situations after his cancer. on top of that, he got his girlfriend pregnant right before he turned 16 and she wanted to keep it. then, right after he turned 16, he found out cancer had returned.   this is where i come in. he decided to change his life and was doing pretty well for a few months. the cancer treatments were doing well, but his family was desperate for cash and he couldn't work without a car. at the time, i had two cars because i had bought a really cheap clunker to use while i fixed up my other car. i decided to sell him the clunker, which was an 84 datsun sentra (this was in 01, i think) for $50. i knew he didn't have the money, but i told him to just give me $5 bucks here and there. probably kinda dickish for me to want him to even pay me, but i wanted him to learn at least a little responsibility.   a few weeks went by and he'd found a job, fixed the car up a little bit, he seemed like he was doing very well. i can't even really remember how it happened, but i believe i was at a party and he showed up. i was kinda shocked to see him drinking and was pretty pissed. i asked for some money and he said he didn't have any. he didn't stay long and left. being 17ish and drinking around a bunch of guys, i got all riled up with them egging me on that he had been disrespecting me and was fucking me over.   i got the brilliant idea to give him $50 in repairs to the car just to spite him. we drove over and the car was in the street. i had planned on slashing two tires and leaving, but, i got carried away. i slashed all four tires, took a tire iron to all the windows, shattering all the side windows. i still had a copy of the key and broke it off in driver's side lock.   he ended up losing his job because he couldn't get there anymore. stuff got really bad at home. to only expound things, shorty after this, his girlfriend miscarried. his cancer went away shortly after that, though.   i've since made up with him and his family. he has been cancer free for about 9 years now and has two kids and wife. none-the-less, i feel like a complete dick even reliving this through typing it. it is one of the low points in my life.   **tldr: destroyed the car of someone with cancer who had a kid on the way. resulted in him losing his job.**
t3_1ck9ti-t1_c9ikppe-c9il4ub	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	you know, don't get me wrong, i see where you're coming from but allow me to show you a bit from the other side.  &gt;where they would otherwise be perfectly healthy afterwards?  i was 35 when i got colorectal cancer.  i too was given a 50% chance of survival due to the specific details of the illness.  i chose to fight.  three surgeries, chemo, radiation, temporary illeostomy and here i am 17 years later.  (also survived breast cancer which i got five years later.)  now here is the thing.  i am cancer free.  would you say i am perfectly healthy afterwards?    i am not complaining, but have spent the last 17 years in pain resulting from the surgeries.  the pain is so extreme that for 3 of those years i was on 180mg of morphine and since then each and every single day, i have to take pain medication just to get through the day.  it's been 17 years and i still have not had one day pain free.  not one day.  not one single day when i have no pain.  can you hear what i'm saying?  the reason i don't regret my decision is because when i got ill, i had a then six-year old son.  i live for him.  i want to see him live as much of his life as i can.  if i had it to do over again and knew what i know now and did not have i son - i would chose death.  things are not always as simple as they may appear.
t3_1cgey5-t1_c9gbvs1-c9gdtim	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7578	my dad is affected by all that, topped off with psc. it is a miserable thing to deal with. he wears a bag now.   edit: the bag is unrelated to psc. he wears it because he had his colon removed before cancer set in.
t3_2uniwz-t1_coab1xo-coagslk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	is leg/thigh cancer even all that common? i hear about skin cancer, which i guess can develop anywhere where the sun hits frequently.   usually, when i hear about cancer. it is closer to an organ of some sort. like colon cancer, lung cancer, brain tumors.   but wait, didn't bob marley first develop cancer in his toe? and because he didn't take the doctor's advice of amputating the toe it spread throughout his body.  yep, here it is:  &gt;in may 1981 the music world lost a legend when reggae artist bob marley died after a four-year battle with a melanoma skin cancer that started on his toe.  http://scienceblog.cancerresearchuk.org/2014/08/20/bob-marley-genomics-and-a-rare-form-of-melanoma/
t3_3inze5-t1_cui40vs-cui49xf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6693	i understand that feeling. my husband was diagnosed with colon cancer about a month and a half ago and he is currently undergoing chemo. they don't expect too much.            i put on a happy face for him, but only because i'm fucking wasted. i can barely take care of my kids because i don't want to function. it sucks. i want to be sober, but it hurts way too much.
t3_ps9j7-t1_c3ruby5-c3rul57	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	because a doctor i went to casually told me it could be a variety of things, including cancer. upon further inquiry, he stated people younger than me have developed colon cancer with lower health standards than mine.  he didn't even examine me.
t3_1r12vr-t1_cdikrsl-cdinskv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	actually, it is my understanding that a new/active bleed is bright red, while an older bleed that may have already resolved is much darker.  so, for example, dark &amp; tarry stools that look like coffee grounds may be indicative of colon cancer while bright red bloody vomit or diarrhea could be indicative of an upper gi bleed.
t3_3mw4yv-t1_cvjfiaw-cvjy308	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6515	i was diagnosed at age 39 with stage 3 colon cancer. no family history, just found it while trying to rule out crohn's. i was very lucky.   imo colonoscopies should be given at 30 or 35, though while going through cancer treatment i became aware of many people younger than 30 who had stage 4.   talk about your poop problems!!!! 💩
t3_1qmns4-t1_cdevmxa-cdex5af	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ahh thanks! it was my first time. i've thought about doing it for years now, i listen to about 40 hours of comedy podcasts a week, watch standup like it's homework. i guess getting cancer was kind of the kick in ass i needed to stop thinking about it and just try it. i'm happy with what happened in my first set but i see where i can improve. i think i need to shape my set better,  define it a bit more. i was pretty sick prior to going on stage that week so the prep time i had set aside didn't really happen. on that piece of paper are beginnings of ideas i had thought of that i was supposed to write about, instead i just ended up riffing most of my set. and i'm obviously extremely nervous, but i'm hoping that'll die off with experience.  i have a new set at some benefit (for the humane society of all things) next weekend. i'm probably going to record most of my sets so i can learn from them, and uh, just in case i die.  but thank you. i'm glad you liked it. i'm mostly doing this for other colorectal patients/survivors out there, i feel like there's not enough verbal dialogue about the experience.
t3_27qc9d-t1_ci3uaxx-ci3v40d	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't have long term.  by the time i realized i should get it, it was more than i wanted to pay (don't remember the figure - maybe i should re-check).  health insurance - now that's a subject!  i'm 100% covered (except for very small co-pays) and i pay for it.  $8000 a year.  i could get cheaper insurance, and i may, but as a 5+ year cancer survivor, it's good to have a plan that pays 100%.  (stage 1 colon cancer almost 6 years ago, had surgery, $250 out of pocket).  so far, i'm sticking with the annuity. at $55k after tax (which i wont spend each year), i think it's enough to last me ~20 years or so.
t3_1oz5nh-t1_ccxh86z-ccxhhn5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6149	oh man i hear ya.  idk how long youve been at it, but few things.  zofran did fuck all for me, and ive heard that from a other people.  they also gave me promethazane (sp?) which did even less.  what helped my nausea was ativan which is a rx anti anxiety med, but really really helped.  its also addictive and they might give you a hard time about it, but with your stage, i would just press them for it.  i got into a few shouting matches with my onc.  the other thing is weed.  i used it with a vape and it was great for nausea, getting me to eat, and jsut generally made me feel more comfortable.  fuck legality imo, this isnt the time to worry about that.  i have no experience with avastin or camptosar, but at least they got you off the oxiliplatin, i did not like that shit, and am still dealing with the peripheral neuropathy it caused.  another thing is juicing, i know its a touchy suybject but it has made me feel better, i dont really believe in the hardcore 'its goinna save your life' stuff, but i really cant see how it would hurt.  ive been talking with a lot of other cancer patients, and there seems to be a lot of young people with colon cancer in particular ( i am 30, just gonna assume you are youngish too cuz reasons)  and i really think it might have a lot to do with diet, be it the shit they put in our food or just poor diet idk.  anyways you probably know all of that but i thought id say it anyways
t3_1q4swb-t1_cdakhjd-cdamtbh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7459	geez dude, i didn't mean anything. if you want me to delete it, i will. just tell me.  i am really a doctor. graduated this may. couldn't do residency because i was diagnosed with metastatic colorectal cancer in march.  you said fuck cancer and how seeing cancer mentioned everywhere was causing you stress. i just wanted to point out that though medical progress may be too late for your father and myself, there will come a time when science will, truly, fuck cancer and that, at least, other people won't be subject to what you're going through. i thought it would make you feel better, but apparently not. sorry.
t3_4i0ygr-t1_d2ujsuz-d2ukl9u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks, that does explain the rationale. i didn't know that. i hear in england they get paid pretty good. but in ukraine, physicians get tips.  i don't take you for an anti-universal healthcare person but it does seem worth noting, i talked to a hospital administrator who told me universal healthcare probably won't affect salaries negatively. first he points to medicaid and more so medicare and how they're the easiest people to work with in the world where with private insurance, you fight tooth and nail for every cent and for a very long time. the time piece being an important part of it. hospitals running on less money because of that time and to a small degree that payment difference, means negatively affecting hospital staff, physicians, salaries.  but here's the biggest one. a buddy of mine didn't have insurance but his mouth was numb for a week. it went away and everything was fine but let's say it didn't. he goes into the emergency room. huge bill. who fronts it? taxpayers mostly and the hospital. now let's say he has insurance because everyone does. he goes in, catches it early and it's a tiny bill, paid by something similar to medicare. preventative care. guy doesn't get his colonoscopy because he doesn't have insurance. late stage colon cancer is a lot more expensive. so all these costs are usually costs that negatively affect physicians salaries the most. universal healthcare eliminates that. so i don't see how the wages decrease in america and don't see the need for education costs to decrease really.  if it was up to me, i'd just delete the words 'over 65' from the medicare statute.
t3_2k6786-t3_2k6786-clixahr	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6626	ok, this happened about a month ago.  i was at work one night and went to the front of the store to talk to my co-workers since it was a slow night, but i left my phone charging in the back office. after about 30 minutes i went back and saw i had a text message and a missed call. the text message was from my dad asking me to "let him know how my test went". that didn't make any sense, i didn't have any tests in my classes that week. so i called him to figure out what his text was. he said he never sent it, but got the same one from me. i didn't send it. it turns out that he had a colonoscopy that day and had been worried about the results (he had colon cancer a year ago and had 18" of intestines removed), but he didn't want to worry me.  to make things weirder, the missed call was from my grandad. he died about 4 months prior. ok, maybe it was his wife calling about our netflix account or something. but that doesn't make sense either, because they had disconnected that phone line and she has a cell phone with my number in it anyway.
t3_1jjcdt-t1_cbmron9-cbn03si	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6095	wow, it seems like a good plan to keep the tumors at bay rather than to try more surgery. tamoxifen has shown the best results for me personally, but the side effects are not very desirable in combination with sulindac.   my 10, now 11, surgeries were mostly related to the mistakes from my first surgery. i had a biopsy where the surgeon accidentally sliced my colon and then about 5 or 6 additional surgeries due to problems that caused. i had infections, abscesses, and a colostomy, but that can't be undone so i don't worry about it much.  friday, i am supposed to get the entire tumor removed in indianapolis. i will have more of my colon removed, get an ileostomy until my colon heals, and get a stent placed in my ureter as far as i understand. then after 8 weeks, i get my ileostomy reversed, and i should be healthy again!
t3_26bhk9-t1_chpkbfs-chplt7j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7439	well with fresh blood there are other, more common things that can cause it (vs darker, more upstream bleeding), but it is actually still more common for a colorectal cancer to present with red blood than darker blood.
t3_30fyxa-t3_30fyxa-cptn466	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i know it seems bad but there is always hope.  i am a husband and father of two. in 2012 i was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer with mets to my liver. my wife and i prepared for the worst. after lots of chemo, radiation treatments, surgeries, more chemo and i'm actually doing great!  i have a new lust for life and cherish every second i have.  there is always hope, stay positive, i know it seems impossible but i it isn't.
t3_1nijyi-t3_1nijyi-ccjcwod	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i actually get a little pissed off that breast cancer gets all the "glory". i lost my grandpa to colon cancer &amp; just last year nearly lost my mom to ovarian. can we just have a cancer month?? i know its very prevalent but i still kinda think susan g. komen is a twat.
t3_41z68f-t3_41z68f-cz6ebom	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it may be a simple pimple (acne) or an infection of a hair follicle (staphylococcal folliculitis) or a yeast infection. in these cases, it should heal on its own or get obviously better within a week or you should be able to treat it with otc medications.   if it is "more," it could be hidradenitis suppurativa or a "perianal abscess" which can occur, for example, in crohn's disease.  it is extremely unlikely to be a cancer. colorectal cancer is very rare before age of 40.
t3_1u3qwf-t1_ceee9js-ceek8yg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i couldnt hit his house if i was a pitcher hes so far away. i can see his ramshackle ass house. he says his stereo is worth $10,000. he bought the house for $15,000.... its that run down. he doesn't even have a fridge cause hes not sure if hes gona die so he keeps his medicine at his old lady neighbor's house. i found out all this cause at 830 fucking am i went to go see if it was him again and i saw two people on a porch and thought it was two old ladies but it was him and the old lady. i thought he was an ugly woman at first lol. i complained and he said he just wants something that brings joy to his life. i told him my mom died from colon cancer but she wasnt a bitch about it. i have a uri right now and i missed the opportunity to lick his doorknobs when i was contagious. yes i hate him that much.
t3_wzb7p-t3_wzb7p-c5hy12j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7495	hey! i don't know if you will see this, but i just wanted to say good on ya and share my story! i went through the ringer with endo about 2.5 years ago. i was having some unpleasant "digestive" symptoms, so i went in for a colonoscopy. when i came out, they informed me that they had found a large mass. the doctor said "we will need to operate right away, and you will likely need chemo or radiation after." i could not believe what he was saying. i asked "are you telling me i have cancer?" yeah, he was.  he also thought it was likely late stage due to the size. i waited 3 days for the biopsy results, when they came back inconclusive, i was soooo relieved but still, they insisted it was colon cancer.  i went in for surgery right away, when i woke up i was informed that i had been given a unplanned hysterectomy. the surgeon had accidentally cut through my cervix while trying to remove the mass. they also had to give me a temporary illostomy to let colon resection heal. it was pretty much a nightmare, i was devastated.  after the lab results came back, i was informed that it wasn't cancer, but that  i had sever endo that had invaded my colon. i'm so grateful that it wasn't cancer but it took a long time to recover emotionally and physically.  i sometimes still have bad days when i think about never being able to have a child of my own. i know it's cliche to talk about how illness or tragedy changes you, but cliches are cliches for a reason. it really did change my life and i am a better person for having gone through it. :}  i wish you continued health and happiness!   tl;dr  misdiagnosed with colon cancer, had sever endo. everything is alright. :}
t3_3aauau-t3_3aauau-csb75uh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand suffering from any cancer is bad, but can someone with some background explain why rectal cancer is especially painful?  (i think i understand the undignified part)
t3_438yjv-t1_czgh950-czgj1z4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank you, yea i'm both happy and sad that i'm here but at least it's full of nice people! yea the cancer thing was a nervous thought in my mind since my mothers father had colon cancer. he waited years with the symptoms before having to be rushed to the er. i went right away when i started noticing something was wrong so at least i have that going for me. ok, looks like i'll have to step up my exercise game.. i eat relatively healthy but don't live an overly active life. thanks for the input, i appreciate it.
t3_25swmz-t1_chkn1k2-chkovuf	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	if you were to need surgery, how quickly could you get it?  i was recently diagnosed with colon cancer after a colonoscopy. i had surgery to remove the tumors (and much of my colon) exactly 15 days after the tumors were found, by a great surgeon with his md from johns hopkins.  i understand the pros and cons of each system, but i feel very fortunate i could get things taken care of quickly by the surgeon of my choice (i had a second opinion in that time frame as well). the speed at which i could get surgery was important to my long-term prognosis.  i have solid insurance, and while i do owe some money, it is likely going to be less than $1k.
t3_1kcr9j-t3_1kcr9j-cddx1a3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage iv metastatic colorectal cancer in march. i graduated from medical school this may. i was supposed to go to cleveland clinic for anesthesiology, but the statistics aren't in my favor so i probably won't ever get to practice.  i love my oncologists. i guess it's hard for them to deal with what they do, but let me tell you: you are making a difference to people and it means a lot to people like me.
t3_ui4vu-t1_c4vlkox-c4vmgfb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6526	and now i'm crying. this finally set me off, but it's a happy/thankful cry. i've been rummaging around my parents' house this evening while house sitting, and it's incredible the things they saved. all of grandparents have passed, and tonight i stumbled across old wedding photos and wedding rings, and i realized just how incredible it is that i am here. i could ramble about this all evening...  the story i wanted to actually share. so back in 2004 my grandmother passed away in february after suffering from stomach cancer that ha been found in october. it was heart breaking for everyone, but especially my grandfather. as the months wore on, my grandfather never really bounces back, and around september he told my father that he wasn't sure he would be able to make it through his anniversary in november without my grandmother. well, about a month later he was diagnosed with colon cancer. they gave him about six months. within a month he passed away. it was actually november 1 that he passed away which happened to be exactly 7 months after my grandmother and 2 days before their wedding anniversary. i like to think that he went to go spend it with her.
t3_108199-t1_c6b68x6-c6b6efh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6653	i was having more frequent bms (bowel movements). i was having stomach cramps and urgency to go to the bathroom. the most obvious symptom though for me was the blood. i started passing a lot of blood with my stool. however the most common cause to blood in the stool is hemorrhoids and most people my age that have colon cancer are not diagnosed as early as i am because of this misdiagnosis. fortunately i was upset enough at my symptoms that my dr decided on the colonoscopy. if i hadn't had that done, 6months from now i may have been at stage ii or iii and need chemo
t3_2sn2ki-t1_cnrdc03-cnu6ph6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6117	&gt; don't say "can i do anything for you". say i am bringing over dinner on tuesday or thursday, which works better for you and do you have any food issues i should know about. or say, i am free on friday, i want to take you to chemo that day. what time should i show up. big big big difference.  i'm glad you said this. my husband was diagnosed with colon cancer last week and i've been handling a lot of the social and scheduling aspects of his treatment. i totally understand why people say "tell me if you need anything" and appreciate the kindness in the gesture, but it is so helpful when people just tell me what they want to do and when they can do it. it's not that we can't use the help or don't appreciate the support, but asking us to reach out and plan things is just one more item on the to-do list.
t3_fv0bt-t3_fv0bt-c1iuive	colon_cancer	relevant	0.592	i went through this a couple years back with my grandfather. he had colon cancer and went through chemo. the said it all went away. weeks later they say his body is covered. about 4 months later he couldn't leave his bed until the day he just.never woke up. sucked.
t3_16hynw-t3_16hynw-c7w80e3	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8282	my dad had stage 4 colon cancer with mets to the liver too. he was a lot older than you though and didn't do aggressive treatment. it got to the point where the doctors told him it could be treated with meds like hiv because he wasn't a candidate for surgery either. for the sixish years you could barley tell he was sick, and to be honest i believe he passed away because his doctor wouldn't explore any other option because he was older and probably wouldn't recover well.  you're young and strong! if my dad made it that long doing the bare minimum then i hope you can make a full recovery. chemo can do amazing things, and i wish you luck with everything!
t3_23otzz-t1_cgzi771-cgzo1v4	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6515	i have a friend who does have family history of colon cancer and a colonoscopy still didn't find his. i don't know what it's called but they had to go top-down and found the tumor right after his stomach. it's been 6 years so he's okay (for now). he was in his 50's.
t3_3jhuad-t1_cupatfa-cuq41xy	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	this. my dad who is 68 was diagnosed with colon cancer 2 months ago. he had joked with me for quite some time about how he didn't need one and had paid attention to his body so he would notice if something was wrong. well it turned out that not only would a colonoscopy have detected the cancer, but that it had been developing in his colon for (the doctor's guess, not a hard figure) for roughly 10 years.  the real kicker is that once he got it done, he wouldn't shut up about how minor a thing it was, while everyone just pissed off that he hadn't done it years earlier.  the good news is that it's stage 3, but has stayed local enough that he still has about a 90% chance of survival (another approximation, obvi not a hard figure), but it kills me that a simple colonoscopy could've prevented all of this.
t3_3j3qzf-t1_culzlqp-cum06g1	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't panic.  exact same thing happened to me many years ago. i panicked. thought for sure i had colon cancer or something. went to a doctor who told me i had an anal fissure (doesn't *that* sound pleasant?), prescribed me something even more potent than prep h. i'm good now.
t3_2m1mmp-t3_2m1mmp-cm0ahbo	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	yay cookies :-d   got diagnosed at 25 (male) with stage 4 colon cancer which has spread to the liver. took them over 3 months to figure out what it was. surgery 1 week after the diagnosis and started chemo 2 weeks after that.  that was 1,5 years ago. been doing chemo ever since every two weeks. currently on my third and last option chemowise, but luckily this one is working really well so far at least. currently i have a small hope to get into a study where they allow cancer patients to get a transplant liver. which would mean no chemo for a period. so hoping that will work out. but we'll see ;-)  if you ever want to talk or hear more of my story feel free to send me a message. currently in the hospital on the phone, so didn't want to write a very  long post :-p
t3_39hn9z-t3_39hn9z-cs3n1kb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i just realized i have all the colon cancer symptons, but i have no health insurance. what should i do? massachusetts,united states
t3_doxk5-t3_doxk5-c11u0em	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6833	i got colon cancer because the insurance company, blue cross, wouldn't okay a colonoscopy because i had no history. two years later i had a history alright. now it is automatic. once they realized it was more expensive to not do the exams it all changed.   in any case, progress is being made. slower then it should be but it's there.
t3_2buyak-t1_cj95hbj-cj96g71	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6682	everyone says they're not so bad, but for me, its been terrible.  after my dad went through treatment for colon cancer in 2002, i've had to get one every 2 years. i dread it every time. the prep is unbearable.  i had to switch to pills after they realized i was throwing up more of the liquid than my body was actually taking in.  they have to sedate me during the procedure, or i start panicking.  i've never been tortured before, but this seems pretty damn close.
t3_1qfsvu-t3_1qfsvu-cdce0ft	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6743	go! there is nothing you can do to help. i am sure your father will be ok! it is a bless to find out a treatable cancer (things can always be worse...). i understand your feelings though. my father is in my home country, has an incurable cancer (that is kind of not progressing right now). when i found out, a year ago, i left everything (husband, job, etc) to be with him. i stopped my life. i thought he would die within weeks. my mom died 5 years  ago, 81 days after being diagnosed with colon cancer, so i could only see the same happening to him. those were difficult 6 months that i stopped everything! and i learned something important: fight death with life! i was giving up my life, believing that it would make my father to live longer. funny thing is that as soon as i came back to my life, his cancer "slowed down". he is still sick, i still feel guilty for being far. but in the end, things are fine. hard as life is. go do ur exchange program, life is being hard on you, so take revenge, learn as much as u can from these experiences, live intensely!
t3_eiry7-t3_eiry7-c18ek57	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my coming out was pretty gradual.  it really started with my graduation from high school.  the freedom i felt gave me a chance to really face the truth about myself.  but it looks like you have already done this.  in retrospect, i wish i had come out earlier, in high school, because as it stood i was friendless from about my sophomore year on.  i was picked on constantly for being gay, though i always denied it.  in truth, i had nothing to lose, but i decided to try to be as invisible as possible, though that didn't really work.    i don't know what your social situation at school is, and i am not saying you should come out at school.  you have to weigh the pros and cons of coming out, and who to tell.  when coming out, try to imagine the best reaction they might have, and the worst they might have.  chances are it will probably fall somewhere in the middle.  just try to remain realistic, and you can usually figure out around how they will react.  anyway, after that i spent a while in the closet, trying to connect to other gays.  after i met my so, i thought it was time to start letting people know.  i started with one of my brothers, who i was always pretty close to, and knew would take it well.    i had a lot of trouble with some of my friends, because we only meet once a week to play dungeons and dragons and it was hard to slip it in to the conversation.    i kept waiting for them to ask, so i didn't have to tell.  but they never asked.  i waited a **ridiculous** amount of time to tell them.  eventually it got to the point that i was hesitating because i was ashamed i hadn't told them yet.  of course they were fine with it, and had a little laugh at my expense since they had figured it out a while ago and were just waiting for me to say so.  what tipped them off was my so and how we interact.  (we tend to bicker like a married couple sometimes.)  sometimes "waiting for the right time" can be a waste of time.  it was awkward to just spit it out, all out of the blue, but all that hesitation was much worse.  after that was mom, which went better than expected.  i was afraid she would blame herself.  when i was younger, my mother (who is a staunch feminist) was worried about young men not being allowed to explore their nurturing instincts as children... what this amounted to was that i had some girls toys as a kid.  my little ponies, care bears, and a play kitchen.  the thought hadn't really crossed her mind when i brought it up.  she was very supportive.  after that i told my older brother, who probably took it the worst... he was a bit homophobic, and a marine, with all the machismo that came with it.  i was afraid he would get pissed off, but mostly he cried, and came with the usual "have you tried *not* being gay?" type of bullcrap, and eventually he worked it out on his own.    dad knew... i never had to tell him.  i think mom did.  his only experience with gays was in the navy when he was in san francisco.  he never quite understood, i don't think, but he had colon cancer at the time and i think he just accepted it because he didn't have the time or the desire to argue with me about it.    after that i have been pretty open about it.  i have some extended family that knows, some that don't know, but i rarely see them any more and if they have a problem with it, screw it, i don't care.  but um, yeah.  that's the whole sordid personal story.  hope it helps.
t3_11b4j8-t3_11b4j8-c6kypkx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7621	my mother-in-law's now deceased boyfriend never had insurance.  he was on disability from an accident years back and he barely squeaked by on the $8000/yr he got from it.  he was a massive guy, definitely not someone you'd want to mess with.  he started having stomach problems which he self diagnosed as a hernia.  he never wanted to visit the doctor because on 8k a year he'd never be able to afford the bill.  then about two years ago he started losing weight really fast.  finally someone talked him into going to the doctor to see what the problem was, turns out it was colon cancer.  because he waited so long the cancer was too far along for him to have a good chance at beating it.  he's dead now, of something that could have easily been treated if it would've been caught in it's early stages.  he never went because of the cost, because he had no money, and because he didn't want to leave his loved ones with his debt.
t3_fy6yz-t3_fy6yz-c1jl1uo	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	dear lucidending,    my friend told me about this post, and at first i was hesitant to write anything, mostly because i don't think there is much someone can say in moments like this.  i did however, finally conjure up the nerves to speak to you, brave stranger.      my mom passed away 5 years ago, right before i graduated high school.  she was diagnosed with colon cancer (ironically one of the most treatable forms of cancer) in september 2005.  i was naive, and believed everything was going to be okay, she never let on to how much pain she was truly in.  after she became unresponsive to chemo, she stopped taking her medicine and asked to spend her remaining time at home.  she passed away in may 2006, less than 9 months after she was diagnosed.     i hate cancer more than war, i hate it so much and i'm sorry, so deeply sorry that this is what it has come to.  i'm not religious, nor am i a true atheist.  i didn't get to say good bye to her, but maybe if i say good bye to you, say goodbye to someone i do not know but in some ways understand far too well, i will say goodbye to her as well.         so if i could just say this to you, and to everyone who has succumb to this same tragic fate, it would be this: you have lived, you are loved,  and you will be missed. -your new, and forever friend, nicole
t3_3kbjk4-t3_3kbjk4-cvwicto	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i started getting ends symptoms when i was 19, but since i have family history of colon cancer i had a colonoscopy with no results.  i saw four different gynecologist so over the years who treated me like i was a stupid kid, until i got a great doctor with my first pregnancy. i miscarried and she was the first one to take me seriously and did the laproscopy. that was when i was 24 and i got pregnant with my son about four months after the surgery. five years late i am still trying to convince her i should have a hysterectomy, now that i'm diagnosed with endo, adeno, and polycystic ovaries.   i am a teacher, too, and it is awful when i have symptoms.
t3_2wiw8v-t3_2wiw8v-cozhetu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8336	always try and go for regular check ups, that's my advice. i was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer when i was 26, two weeks before my 27th birthday. my grandmother had colon cancer but she was diagnosed at 55 years old. cancer is a bitch and can effect anyone at any age. i never knew about colonoscopies as a early screening test, since i was too young for any of my doctors to let me know about it and i really wish they had. colon cancer is known as the "old person" disease since people are usually diagnosed in their 50's and up. heck, even getting tested at age 40 is considered young to try and do the screening.  i don't want to scare you and make you feel terrified that you may have cancer as well, but if you can get screened than please do so. if anything than at least you have the peace of mind knowing the doctors didn't find anything. but if there is something to be concerned about than at least you found out before symptoms started and have a better chance at beating whatever it is that is wrong with you. cancer can effect anyone at any age children and adults alike, if you push to get tested than you increase your chances at beating it at a early stage.
t3_3mybuu-t3_3mybuu-cvjbo2q	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	the health care system damn near fucking killed me. i have state insurance and because of that i have a very limited selection of which doctors i can see. i don't pay for much, but because it's state insurance i have to jump through a lot of hoops to try and get just basic standard care.  2 years ago i started have digestive issues. i put it off for 6 months because i hate doctors and only go when it's absolutely needed. like i may be dying. so 6 months go by and i'm feeling pretty crummy. eating has started to become an issue and i just didn't feel right. i went to the doctor because i knew something was wrong. i gave her my symptoms and went into detail about my problems. her advice? "well you have had three children, and your youngest is 6 months. you're over weight so weigh loss isn't an issue, just give it time." so i figured, hey at least i tried.   4 months later my mother passes away. at this point i am down 30 lbs and i feel like shit. my symptoms had gotten so much worse and the weight was falling off. every day was a struggle and i hated eating. so i went to a different doctor who suggested that maybe i have a gluten intolerance and should go gluten free for 6 months. by this time i'm already in nearly a year of not feeling well and struggling. so i take the advice and went gluten free for 5 months. by the beginning of the new year i was sicker then before and could hardly eat a full meal. at this point i knew i was dying. that something was seriously wrong with me. my symptoms had gotten to the point that i was loosing a fair amount of blood daily.   i go to a new doctor (3rd doctor in a year or so) and tell her what my year has been and how i seem to be getting worse. every 2-3 weeks we run blood tests for auto immune diseases, stds, cancer, etc., for 5 months we did testing. never found a single thing. from april 2015-may 2015 i lost nearly 20 lbs. i had gone from being able to do some things to laying in bed exhausted just from breathing. the most i could keep down was a banana. in may when i went in for some more tests my doctor was shocked to see how sick i had gotten. she sent a referral to a specialist/gi doctor and a ct scan to look for tumors. scan came back clean (remember this.). a month and a half later my appointment comes (doctor number 4!!) and i list my symptoms, explain i've now lost a total of 65 lbs and i can't continue on this path. she didn't take me too seriously and said that my symptoms "sounded" concerning and we should do and upper and lower scope. next week. by this time my symptoms where out of control. i was loosing over 1/2 cup of blood a day and was told if i lost more then that to go to the er asap.   my endoscopy and colonoscopy day come. the night before i tried to take the prep, but ended up puking for 12 hours. appointment was canceling and rescheduled. now at this point, i knew it was bad and that something was seriously wrong with me. i was at the point of being done with doctors and not getting helped. just tests thrown at me by no one actually listening. i didn't want to reschedule the tests, but my husband at this point was done watching me die, and demanded i do this. so the next day i go in, prep worked and i'm ready to be knocked out. i'm laying in the bed and i made a bet with my husband that the nurse over heard she made the comment "someone of your age having that condition is extremely rare, i'm sure you're just fine." with that i blew my husband and kiss and i was wheeled into the exam room. before i was put under i just remember thinking that i wish i had my moms hand to hold, and like that i was asleep. i woke up to my doctor standing over me and she the most sad and terrified expression. i knew it. cancer. at 31 i was diagnosed with late stage 3 colon cancer. she apologized for everything and got me into the best surgeon in the state. she wasn't going to let another doctor fail me. at this point i've had this cancer for nearly 1 1/2-2years. i had multiple more ct scans to see why the cancer was missed in the scan the month before. it was hard to read, and was mistaken for thick tissue. i had gotten so sick i was malnourished and hospitalized the day before surgery to make sure my body could handle the stress of major surgery. my surgeon was amazing and i was treated quickly and the outcome better then expected. after surgery i was unofficially diagnosed stage 3. i had 6-9 months of chemo and 4 months of radiation ahead of me. the cancer was huge and i lost 2 1/2 feet of my large intestine. a week after my surgery my surgeon called me on a sunday morning at 8 am. she said she couldn't wait to tell me. the biopsy came back. there is completely no explanation, but i was only a stage 1. with surgery i was cured and she would see me for my post op. no chemo. no dying. i'm clear.   i have been cancer free for 2 months and it still blows my mind how lucky i got. from the first appointment that i went to 2 years ago i had symptoms of colon cancer, but because of my age no one looked for it. i am a mother of 3 and to think my kids could have been motherless all because of ignorant doctors makes my heart ache. recovery is slow, i'm slowly able to eat more. my weight has leveled out finally and i am adjusting to this new size. i had genetic testing done and i do have the breast cancer gene. i am now seeking advice from other doctors on how to proceed with this information and what would be best for me. hopefully next time i won't have to suffer so long.
t3_3tc6fn-t1_czprcbl-czpxlpy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5836	weeelllll not to be a debbie downer but there's not much that can be done. i'm an unusual case so please don't compare yourself to me. it's very possible that you don't have it in your bowels, these symptoms are pretty common for regular endo that's only in your reproductive system.    i had my lap in 2013. it was supposed to be a 30-45 minute procedure with my gyno as a surgeon and the da vinci. it turned into a 3 hour operation with 3 surgeons and the da vinci. i had extensive uterine adhesions from a previous appendectomy and some ovarian cysts that they removed too. i was told to expect about a year of pain relief.    12 days later i started having my bad pain again. i called my gyno and she told me to go to the er for a ct scan. that came back normal other than ovarian cysts and my endo symptoms have since returned. so i literally got relief from my lap for 12 fucking days and was confirmed infertile. i was super depressed for some time about all this.    the positive side of things is while this disease is very painful it's not likely fatal. i always tell myself it could he worse. my paternal grandma died of colon cancer and they found polyps in my dad's colon so i was very very worried it was that but they wouldn't give me a colonoscopy because i was too young. yes, even though i was shitting blood and mucous, thanks us health care system.    unfortunately (you know this as well as i do) there isn't much you can really do with endo other than the periodic laps or hormone related treatments to treat the synptoms. i don't plan on having another lap because the time effort and expense to get 12 days' relief just isn't worth it to me.    now i'll end on a positive note but again i'm a weird case haha. not too long after my lap i turned 28 and was concerned about being on the pill. i was in my late 20's, a former smoker, every single person on mom's side of the family has suffered a stroke in their 70's, and i was getting migraines with aura. i was very much concerned about the increased blood clot risk. my fiancé had had a vasectomy so i decided to try going bc free. i was scared my symptoms would get worse but since then i've seen a vast improvement! not only are my periods better but my daily pain is better too. this came as quite a surprise to my gyno and myself since bc is supposed to help endo symptoms.
t3_2la1le-t1_clt7kzc-clt8p16	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i know you're kidding - but i had colon cancer a few years ago so i don't have any gut anymore. multicolored diarrhea is part of every day life man, doesn't matter what juice i vape  :)  i do remember when i first started vaping i over nic'd myself really bad once and i swear i had the most chipotle tacobell sponsored nuclear explosive bowl splattering shits of life. lets just say i'm down to 3mg now.
t3_1jswd0-t3_1jswd0-cbi3w2f	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5788	i took out a dudes colon cancer three days ago (i'm a surgery resident), he's already a completely different and better person. he has more energy and his wife is very happy. i'm glowing.
t3_ym24c-t3_ym24c-c5wukex	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6543	cancer is an awful thing. it is not always an automatic death sentence. i am a survivor of stage 3 d3 colon cancer. my mother is currently engaged in a similar battle as your father. i have a working knowledge of what he is going through, as well as your own situation. there is nothing easy about what you are both going through. if i can be of any assistance i am here.  j~
t3_3vf2j7-t1_cxn96y4-cxnfcrn	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7546	fact. my mom died from colon cancer when she was 44. by the time there was any indication something was wrong, it was already stage 4. she died 3 months after being diagnosed. i need to get checked out myself...which i'd like to do but not having medical insurance and making a garbage wage makes it kind of difficult.
t3_4u9511-t3_4u9511-d5o4pmt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6549	i have stage 4 rectal cancer in my lungs. my wife of 11years and i have approached it like any other problem, just work through it and move on. i have been lucky that i can still care for myself. except for her driving me to chemo, i shop, cook, and clean so she can focus on work and our son. that would be my advice, is to do as much as you can.
t3_290uo8-t3_290uo8-cigr4ug	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i just had one if these scopings. the prep is no fun but the procedure is easy, the drugs put me right out. if you have a family history or a bowel issue do get checked. colon cancer (all cancer) sucks, i have a family member dealing with it now :(
t3_2pdnu2-t1_cmvp1aa-cmvp7ld	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7878	he was diagnosed with colon cancer just months after his 25th birthday. he had been having trouble and blood in his stool, but told no one. one day he came home from work and my mom said he looked so sick his skin was nearly green. she rushed him to the hospital and it wasn't long after that when he was diagnosed.   he has a twin brother who is still alive and well. it's both happy and hard for me to see his brother. it gives me an idea of what my dad would've looked like if he'd lived, but i've definitely had my moments of wishing the other twin would've died. i was only 6 when he passed away.
t3_31tgr5-t1_cq4ymh8-cq4z36q	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7636	haha, yeah, no complaints now but she's lucky to have seen these victories. she was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1996, it metastasized, and she was given 6 months. i cant believe it myself, but it's been almost 20 years and she is going strong with her ostomy bag. but without some sort of crazy good genetics (she also smoked for 30 years!!), the average person wouldn't have likely seen all these championships. after all, she was 86 in '04 and the average lifespan of an american female is 71, and it was much lower in 1918.             basically she got really lucky. but those cubs, her first love, better step up. i'm talking to you, theo and lester.
t3_1rwvz3-t1_cdrq4de-cdrqddc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6543	a friend of mine died of colon cancer a few months ago. he was 27. when the doctors finally found it they told him he had less than 6 months to live. i guess they don't start checking for colon cancer regularly until age 50.
t3_29gljg-t1_cikublk-cikxhvz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yeah, i do recall them saying no red, now that you mention it. i totally agree- i'm only 23, but my dad died of colon cancer when i was young and now i'm having recurring stomach issues, sooooo colonoscopy it is.
t3_3yhsxs-t3_3yhsxs-cydqh82	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5864	op, i don't know you, but i know what you're going through. my father passed away 2 years ago, it will be three on my birthday this coming year. he also died from cancer. he had stage 3 colon cancer and fought it for 6 long years. i watched him die, and that's something i would never wish on anyone. i don't really remember cause he never talked about it much, but he did used to smoke while he was in the army. not much, maybe about a pack every 3 days or so. i don't know if that's what killed him, but i have suspicions that it had something to do with it. point is, you've not only given that gift to your mother, but also to yourself. i'm sure she told you how proud she was of you, and you should be as well.   if you need someone to talk to, pm me. i'm here for you, as well as most on this sub. congrats on quitting, and keep it up. don't slump back into the jaws of cigarettes.
t3_2y5lcz-t3_2y5lcz-cp9vfts	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.683	not really a ghost story, per say, but...  we had a patient on hospice who passed away on a tuesday. he had been sick for a long time, had survived colon cancer but needed an ostomy bag, could no longer walk,  and had copd.  the night he died i wasn't working but i had a strange dream.   i dreamt that he walked up to the nurse's desk, where i was charting. i looked up and asked him, "what are you doing here? " he smiled at me and said , "look, celticfaye! i'm walking again,  and i can breathe again." he took a few deep breaths and lifted his shirt to show me that his ostomy bag and stoma were gone. "i just had to come and show you this too. thank you girls so much for the care you gave me. i'm so happy to be home now. " he turned and left.   i wasn't surprised at all the next day when i saw his empty room.
t3_3luwoh-t1_cva21tm-cva2ggb	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	sorry to hear your mom is so ill.  my oldest brother died of colon-rectal cancer nine days after diagnosis.  he had not paid any attention to his symptoms, and never had a colonoscopy (which his insurance covered).  colo-rectal cancer can be caught by screening is based on age, or at an age which is ten years younger than the age which a close relative is diagnosed with it.  which is why i had a colonoscopy at age 47, and they found a colon carcinoid (still a deadly type of cancer).  my brother's death saved my life.  i was lucky, my insurance covered the test, and tests at regular intervals.    so, when you're ten years younger than your mom is now, get that colonoscopy.  there is a poop test, but the go in and  look method is the surest way.  free screening in [25 states](http://www.cdc.gov/cancer/colorectal/basic_info/screening/).
t3_2gcpjv-t3_2gcpjv-ckhz7ck	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	in 2001 i was diagnosed with colon cancer.  after some major surgery i was finally home.  unable to walk up and down stairs or even sit for more than half an hour at a time, i had a hospital bed in the living room.  i'd finally convinced my mom to go home (out of state) and my husband back to work so i was alone.  i was in my hospital bed watching tv and i looked over and saw my father in my living room standing by the fireplace.  he had died about 7 years earlier from colon cancer also.  he very clearly said, "you're going to be okay, sweetie, you know that don't you?"  i said "yes, dad, i know." and then he sort of faded away.  i know for certain i was not sleeping because i'd been watching oprah and they had just finished the "tomorrow on oprah" and when he went away the commercials had started.  i took me weeks to tell anyone other than my husband.  i was surprised that my mother and brothers didn't doubt me one bit.  my younger brother admitted he was jealous and asked what dad looked like.  he looked like he did about 5 years before he died: healthy, tanned and wearing golf clothes: brown pants, a cream colored golf shirt and "tacky" white and brown shoes which my brother said were dad's golf shoes.
t3_3m6s8s-t1_cvcofu6-cvdar4g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm really sorry to hear about your dad. i truly am.  i watched my grandfather go through a similar ordeal with lung cancer when i was 15. he fought at normandy and was wounded in the battle of the bulge and was a superman to me growing up. watching him deteriorate to a living skeleton that was obviously miserable had a lasting effect on me.  my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer a few years ago, luckily he is now cancer free, but we talked and he told me that if he ended up like his dad that "i knew what to do" and i would've granted his wish one way or another.  no one should be forced to suffer and die because politicians think it is wrong to choose to end your life.
t3_1k8pur-t1_cbmit6c-cbmj8oy	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad thought he had a case of hemorrhoids and like a lot of men, ignored it for a while. turns out it was colon cancer and by the time he'd been diagnosed it had spread. they gave him two years at the time and he has lasted a lot longer, but his condition is deteriorating:( i'm certainly going to get myself checked as i get older.
t3_1oby6k-t3_1oby6k-ccr0ofy	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6751	my mother does have colon cancer and went through pretty much the same surgery, although rather than 'accidentally' they warned her so there was no problem.  i guess i might be too late to get an answer anyway but here goes. she got home yesterday after going for surgery friday the week past (fast i know) and i still don't know how i should be feeling/acting. i just feel awkward. so what should i be feeling/doing? any advice?
t3_4xdtdt-t3_4xdtdt-d6fkgbu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5139	my best buddy was 34 yrs old stage 4 colon cancer that ravished his body. the day before he died, he kept asking me to get all the "people" out of his room (no one there). he was getting really agitated so i got up and went around the room asking everyone to please leave. he calmed down and asked me if he was sick; i explained he was. he asked me if he was going to die; i told him his (previously deceased)  gramps was going to come get him and he needed to go with him. he shook his head and said "i hate you." i laughed and gave him a kiss and i told him i hated him too. i told him to come back and visit me and to watch over my 2 yr old. he died the next day and that bastard fucks with me on a routine basis.. lights going on and off.. doors slamming.. toys going on in the middle of the night.. radio in my car instantly turning up full blast. he didn't let me down!
t3_4jw88z-t3_4jw88z-d3agody	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is an amazing achievement but don't forget about where he did this! he was doing these pull-ups to support his high school's relay for life because his father is a stage-iv colon cancer survivor.  donate to his fight against cancer here http://main.acsevents.org/site/tr/relayforlife/rflcy16sa?pg=entry&amp;fr_id=71191
t3_1as1yn-t3_1as1yn-c908b42	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6669	i would say go for it.  if you feel she's that perfect for you, you may never find something like that again.  and you may have more than 2-5 years.  my aunt was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer (though it hadn't metastasized).  originally they were just trying to give her more time.  however, it looks as though she may be able to be cured.  miracles can happen, and if not, do it for love.
t3_36kbil-t3_36kbil-crfqsvi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7693	i have autism. i have been diagnosed by an experienced medical doctor with aspergers. also, it was discovered that i have stage 4 rectal cancer because i was raped by a man with aids and the the lowered immune system allowed my cell growth to spiral out of control. i knew i never should have stuck my dick in my own ass [](/sosad)
t3_2uvamj-t1_coceuw7-cocjkdv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	in the baltimore-dc area chase brexton is a great bet. they are incredibly lgbt friendly.  i had never had an anal pap done until my pcp asked me about it. it's a good thing, too, as my results came back abnormal. follow up scoping procedures found nothing wrong, but no other doctors i had ever seen had even considered giving me what this lgbt-centric provider considered a routine test. if they hadn't checked, i could have been walking around with rectal cancer or worse.  not all healthcare providers are created equal, i guess.
t3_1rpwpk-t3_1rpwpk-cdpvurh	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	one morning i got up to take a leak and while standing there peeing, i farted blood, a fair bit of it.   it turned out that i had colorectal cancer and was about to face a year long round of surgeries, radiation and chemotherapy. seven years later the cancer metastasized to my liver and i had to go through another round of surgeries and chemo, but no radiation this time.  every single minute of having cancer sucked. but i learned a lot about myself, my wife and our relationship while going through it. i found out that both of us are a little tougher than we might have thought we were individually. but when the two of us team up, we kick ass.
t3_3xi25l-t1_cy51sy8-cy52uro	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's not a dye, it's a preservative; it keeps the meat red, it doesn't make it red. it's not in most meats, it's in some heavily processed meats.   i don't know if it causes colon cancer but tbh i'm not inclined to believe you.
t3_3e99fd-t3_3e99fd-ctcwq25	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have bp2 just hypomanic and i did not know what i had until i'd gotten stressed out enough to have physical ailments that really didn't make sense flare up. like ulcers in my stomach. carpel tunnel in both wrists from overworking the body and not knowing when to stop.  i knew i was very flaboyant and exceptionally energetic but i just thought that was the way i was. i didn't even know there was a condition for what i had until i consulted an m.d.  i got the ulcers when that gaza strip bombing started happening. i am very very empathetic. if i see something that is wrong and i know its wrong i feel apart of it and compelled to fix it. i'd have to force myself out of rooms with it on the telivision because i wanted to smash them. i'll confront people who are terrible individuals and just go on big long diatribes about philosophy or politics and stuff like that.   i'll actually envision myself going through something that someone else has had to and its like i'm psychologically adopting their pain. it gets pretty overbearing sometimes.   after that i went to an m.d. because i wanted to make sure that i didn't have colon cancer or something and thought i had some form of combination between ptsd and adhd. but after talking to the dr. he started asking me vague questions about the different symptoms of the condition and i fit every single one.  he'd actually had a young trainee dr. talking to me to start with and i just confused the living shit out of him and i could hear him in the other room talking saying something like, "none of the things that he's talking about really make sense to me and they're pretty odd for what he thinks he has."  at the end of the drs questionairre i mentioned the empathy and drive to deal with bad things and he asked me if i'd ever been in violent confrontations. i told him very rarely but i'm not afraid of doing that if need be.  he asked if i would do so if i felt "the person deserved it". i said unoquivically yes and thats when he told me about what i had and suggested i consult a psychiatrist to confirm it.
t3_438guu-t3_438guu-czghvur	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think that stool regiment is different for everyone. i have had crohn's disease for 18 years now. about 9 months ago i went into remission, as determined by colonoscopy. i still take apriso as a maintenance drug, and to reduce my risk of colon cancer in the future. before remission i was having bms 6-8 times a day, loose or semi-formed and 75% of the time accompanied by blood.  now i go once a day in the morning and maybe once more through the course of the day if i am lucky. i have discussed this with my gastroenterologist as well as my naturopathic doctor and they both say that this is normal. it does bother me because i eat a lot throughout the day and so i always feel bloated/full. however, my stool is now solid and without blood so i can not complain too much. just make sure you drink plenty of water! i find that helps things along.
t3_2jv3na-t1_clg3yoa-clg4a1x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5187	i'll try! like i mentioned, my dad passed from colon cancer but it was because he didn't want a colonoscopy. i imagine it's not the most comfortable thing in the world, but it's better to be safe than sorry. i think my dad would have survived if he had it checked when the symptoms first started, but he put it off and it spread to his lungs, brain, and bone marrow. even if it's not something as severe as cancer it could give us some good insight into what is going on. thank you for your advice!
t3_1pvsqv-t1_cd6t47k-cd6zj5k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hold on a second. systemic racism is a negative factor in our society and should be addressed. i never said it shouldn't. i was specifically debunking the idea that racial scholarships are put there is equalize families suffering from poor income, poorer housing and education. because really... it isn't.   wheretheriverbends responded with a very valid reason, one that can be understood pretty easily, and one that will take many generations to solve.  i was just saying don't call colon cancer anal blockage because it is easier to justify anal blockage than colon cancer. know what the real problem is any why it has to be solved.
t3_1qrawv-t1_cdfum8z-cdg2xtm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6749	i currently live in a 12by12by 12 shack in the middle of 50 acres and im perfectly happy as long as the internet is running at night other wise im bored out of my mind  ive been living like this for about 5 months now i built it all by hand i found out i had colon cancer and i just decided  i want to live alone and be happy rather then live in a apartment surrounded by a bunch of people  i buy food at the grocery store or hunt or fish on my property i have a gym member ship that is 24 hours so if i need to take a shower i can  im still figuring out some stuff but im happy   i would like to mention im in minnesota where the weather can be negative 20 and snowing to 110 and dry heat the next    sorry if my spelling or anything else is wrong i dont know engrish
t3_1optfh-t3_1optfh-ccuk086	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6592	something that i didn't realise (not a doctor, a different hospital medical professional) until i was watching some endoscopies where they discovered colon cancer was that they don't say anything at all when they find it. it makes some sense, because the patients are under conscious sedation and not really properly able to process information. when they found the tumours, the accompanying nurses beckoned me over and pointed them out very subtly, and whispered to me what they were. the patient was completely oblivious throughout. they aren't told that anything's been found until after they've been through the recovery ward, at which point someone sits down with them and they have a long conversation about what they've found. i think it's a specialist nurse but it might have been the gastro doctor doing it.
t3_1jz5xy-t3_1jz5xy-cbjxq60	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had severe pain in my side, i thought it was a gall bladder problem.  it turned out it wasn't.  it was colon cancer in my cecum (high up in my colon) and it was also in my liver and some lymph nodes.  but it wasn't colon cancer!  the biopsy said it's neuroendocrine cancer.  so i went right into chemo and i think it's faded a lot, but i'm hoping for remission.  the prognosis is not generally good with small-cell neuroendocrine cancer.  i might have another year or two, most likely.
t3_2qzagz-t1_cnb0880-cnb18dt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	deciding whether or not she wants to go through the expense and misery of chemotherapy is up to her, definitely. but it should be an informed decision to do chemo &amp; maybe die or don't do chemo and definitely die, not a misguided belief that it's possible to not do chemo and still live.  as for whether or not it will work, well, colon cancer has a pretty high mortality rate, generally speaking. but it's not 100%.
t3_4d1kwm-t3_4d1kwm-d207jtu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	please get looked at by your doctor. while the people of this subreddit can provide some insight at what it might be, the only way to be sure is to consult a professional.  someone i'm a fan of on youtube was experiencing blood in his stool and waited 3 months to get looked at. turns out it was colon cancer. not saying it is cancer for you, but it's something you shouldn't take lightly.
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfe99v	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	not me, but my dad. he was in his late forties. he'd been pretty gassy and bloated and had terrible diarrhoea for months but he just wouldn't go to the doctor's about it - something to do with being too embarrassed, waving it off as nothing and making excuses about a lactose intolerance, i believe. when he did eventually give in and go he was diagnosed with stage ii colon cancer. after surgery and chemotherapy he was pronounced cancer-free a couple of years later.  fast-forward to 2006. the same symptoms so he went back to his specialist and it turned out that the cancer had come back and spread from his colon to his bowels, stomach, rectum, kidneys and liver. he had a colostomy (he was quite proud of it - 'look, you can see my insides! ooooo *poke poke*') and went back on the chemotherapy again but it had spread too far by this point and he was told it was terminal. it wasn't long before his kidneys failed and he went on dialysis. there was a last-ditch attempt at extending his life with a proctocolectomy but he never woke up and was taken off life support about two days later.  he was 61 when he died in 2007, and i never got to say goodbye.  don't ever be embarrassed about going to a doctor. they're professionals, they have the same bodies as everyone else, and they've seen it all before. just suck it up and go. the consequences just aren't worth it.
t3_296wz0-t1_ciipxzj-ciivn60	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i never had to have a bone marrow test. it never got into my bones luckily. i hear it hurts like a bitch but it is over pretty quickly.  i can tell you that i hated being stuck with needles my whole life. i found everything much easier if i did not look. looking just made me more anxious about what was about to happen. if i did not look it was often over before i really noticed what was going on.  same was true after surgery. i avoided looking at my scars or drains for weeks. i had someone help me with changing dressings and i was ok. once i was alone and had to change the dressing around the drain after my liver resection (the liver grows back but it leaks bile for quite a while so there was a drain to collect that for like 6 weeks) and i almost passed out because the drain could move in and out of my body and looked very nasty. i am pussy about that stuff though ;-)  good luck with your test. i know everyone says it but keep positive. it really does help. right after my initial diagnosis my colo-rectal surgeon gave me the best advice.   1. don't read to much stuff on the internet most of it will freak you out. 2. don't worry about percentages of outcome or crap like that. your just one person so your odds are zero or 100% there is no other odds in play. nothing about how some other person deals with chemo or treatment will change how you do. so for you focus on the 100%! it really clarified things for me.   i had stage iv metastatic colon cancer that was found very late. i had a huge tumor in my colon that was only found my accident. i was much too young to expect that. then they found not one but two large metastatic tumors on my liver (upper right lobe and lower left lobe both had to come off). so needless to say my prognosis was grim at that point. i told all my doctors i wanted to be as aggressive as hell and they obliged me. i had surgery a week after my cancer was found and then did 14 rounds of ass kicking chemo. it was hard but i have been cancer free for over 16 months now.   you can beat cancer, just fight like hell! good luck.
t3_4c9ie5-t1_d1g64wu-d1h07p8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7384	i've had skin cancer (it was a scab on a mole, i hurt myself there while checking if it was skin cancer) which i though that had metastasized to my pancreas (yellow-ish stool? no. it was a lighter brown) that i though was pressing on my stomach.   did a checkup: an ultrasound and endoscopy later revealed that i had a common stomach infection (2 weeks on antibiotics), fat liver (also common), hiatus hernia that caused reflux (common).   now i'm debating if i have colon cancer (all i have is rashes after taking shits), and sometimes it appears to be red-ish stool (please... maybe it is my brain thinking it is blood).  this gives me anxiety sometimes. i stopped looking into the symptoms because it'll only make me more alert than usual for nothing. unfortunately digestive tract cancer symptoms can also be regular aging symptoms or bad diet. there is no tell-tale symptom. unless you're pooping pitch black, or pure red. check that shit up (literally).
t3_cnwxg-t1_c0tyotc-c0typrc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7456	&gt;i have a gastrointestinal disorder.  colon cancer runs in my family.  go to a real doctor and get dicyclomine and achiphex.  works wonders.  and they're legal.  by the way, all vegetables are "organic".  i hate that modern society has changed the meaning of the word.  look it up sometime.
t3_yzrpw-t3_yzrpw-c60fblk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	god your supervisors suck. i can't imagine that because i'm going through some shit but my job still wants to keep me for some reason. i'm sorry you're sick. i hope they can treat it because i thought colon cancer was half assed treatable. but hopefully you can get better in due time. that really sucks. please take care of yourself... there is always hope and i think and hope you can find some silver lining. i'm here too.
t3_3rjea1-t1_cwp1ejg-cwpat06	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when people say it's a bad film they are not saying you can't like it. it's just a bad film. i'd go so far as to say it's quite terrible. but you can like it. i liked gossip girl. it was objectively awful. i ate kraft mac &amp; cheese almost twice a week for a year. i'll probably get colon cancer because of its residual effects, but i liked it then. semantics is important.
t3_4crobf-t3_4crobf-d1l2q98	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	another colon cancer patient checking in. ;)   what do you mean by "the chemo doesn't work"? i have had colon stage iv for three years now. my initial treatment was curative. unfortunately, it did not eliminate the cancer. now i am considered terminal (since two years). i am getting chemo every other week usually. my tumors are under control for now, they're not gone, but they are stable or only slowly growing.  what i want to say: i thought that i would most likely not survive 2014. but i have. and those years are precious. it's still a shitty situation, but it's not like my doctors are giving me a time frame for survival or like there is no option left.   i wish you all the best!
t3_1tilji-t3_1tilji-ce8d225	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6757	my best friend has stage 4 colon cancer and she is quite alive and relatively well. i have another friend with colon cancer too...i think she's stage 4 too. i had colon cancer when i was 14 but it was stage 0-1 so it was easy to cure,my dad had stage 4 i think but i'm not sure because he passed away close to 9 years ago (it'll be 9 on jan. 5th, which is my cakeday. )  there is a website called the colon club, you may want to check it out.
t3_2t74vt-t1_cnwu7q1-cnxss76	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8117	we found out when he started having heart palpitations. he already looked like hell from lack of sleep, and he's always been paranoid about his heart, so we didn't think much of it at first. after a few weeks it didn't go away, so we brought it up to his gi, who ordered blood tests and a followup with another specialist who deals with monitoring cancer patients. they didn't give us the cbc results until we went to see the specialist. she looked at his chart and then at him and then back at the chart and said "i don't understand, with these levels you should be in the hospital. you shouldn't even be conscious." after we explained his condition, she said that his body was probably able to adapt to it since it was a gradual change over time. nonetheless, he had to take some serious iron and other supplements just to get him going again. that was the breaking point for me, when i first suggested we ask about surgery. he wasn't ready, so i let it be until the gi brought it up and we really had to face the decision.  what treatments have you tried? eventually, most uc patients develop colon cancer, and the longer you have inflammation, the higher your long-term risk becomes.
t3_3pftfx-t3_3pftfx-cw60x07	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had colon cancer at age 25. i really started to notice how long it would take to clean up when i was at work. i had the feeling of an elephant sitting on my chest.  it usually takes me an hour to clean up and go home but my oxygen levels were so depleted i could only tolerate 5 minutes of exertion before i had to rest. i held off for a month with going to doctor because i didn't have any insurance at the time. my blood counts were all jacked up, red/white blood cells and iron counts were so bad to this day they have no idea how i was walking/talking and not in a coma. i also lost a ton of weight, i usually hover around 285 and was down almost 100 pounds., but i didn't really think anything of it since i lost the weight over a couple months and was exercising, dieting, and working a second physical labor job so i just figured in 3 months i had lost some weight. i didn't realize how drastic the weight loss was until i was at hospital. i started the second job in august and never went into hospital until january. i didn't have any major complications until december and had to wait until january for my insurance to kick in.  luckily for me a colonoscopy revealed the issue and the caught it before it spread through my lymph nodes.   25 is real young for colon cancer, and i was youngest in my doctors career to be diagnosed with it. turns out i have lynch syndrome which genetically predisposes me to developing cancers at a younger age and puts me at a higher risk for getting another cancer.  i turn 30 next monday and thankfully have not had any recurring issues for this.
t3_31y2wi-t1_cq63zjr-cq64s8k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last time i had sex was two weeks ago and before that it was mid january, both unprotected but with someone i could trust and was on the birth control. as for the symptoms they started after i had sex in january and i thought hey maybe it's stress, so i finally went to the doctor to find out that i had a moderate stuffed colon with poop. now, 3 weeks after that doctor visit, i'm feeling the pain again. i hope it's not ibs because it seems to be a prolonged life of discomfort, but then i don't know about a child my mom found out she had cancer and always wanted grandchildren from my older siblings. whatever it is i will accept it no matter what.
t3_1mmd2k-t1_ccanz4o-ccao6fv	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	oh man they were fantastic. i had a friend that was diagnosed with colon cancer, i believe he was one the youngest americans in history to be diagnosed with colon cancer (or it was possibly with that advanced of a colon cancer; stage 3 or 4 maybe, i don't recall).  he had a colostomy bag and the first couple times they prescribed him his painkillers, they didn't know that the pills were just going end up in his colostomy bag before getting all of it in his system.  he had 2 bottles of like 240 160mg oxycontin. he was an innocent kid, he had no idea what they were worth or that they'd be very sought after. he traded me handfuls (heaping handfuls) for weed. i mean i could give the kid a 3.5 grams of baller hydro, and he'd dump 20-25 of these 160's into my palm. he also had marinol (synthetic thc) but those were pretty boring imo, so i would always ask for the 160's instead.  honestly this was the reason for my first foray into withdrawals. my addiction absolutely started there.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdrzmvb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6634	after i gave birth to my son (feb 2013) my bowel movements never went back to normal. i was having a bm 6+ times a day, but they were small (thin) and would include mucus and some blood. after 8 weeks i went to my family doctor and told him my symptoms, and he wanted me to bring in stool samples to check for a parasite or bacterial infection in the colon. i brought thous in and saw my doctor on the saturday in his office ( my family doctor does saturday appointments and makes house calls if the patient is too ill to leave the house. he is the best!) the tests came back negative for a parasite or bacteria, so my doc called his other doctor friend to schedule me in for am emergency colonoscopy by this time i was having the urge to go to the bathroom every 30-45 minutes, but hardly any stool was coming out, and there was lots of blood and mucous. the gi doctors  office called me on the monday and scheduled my colonoscopy for the thursday. went into the have the colonoscopy done, told the gi doc my symptoms, he thought it was colitis. woke up from the sedation and the doctor came into my room and said " well i thought it was colitis, but its actually quite worse, you have rectal cancer. i was 25 years old, and the youngest patient that he had diagnosed with rectal cancer. ended up being stage 3a, and was caught right before it had metastasized to other parts of the body.    june 20th 2013 was the date i was diagnosed with rectal caner july 1st i had a loop ileostomy bag done ( shit bag) july 20th i started radiation (monday-friday) for 6 weeks and chemo for 6 weeks oct 24th i had the tumor removed. nov 25th i got the pathology report back and i am now concidered cancer free tomorrow ( dec 3) i start my "insurance chemo" which will continue until the end of march. after im feeling better from the chemo, the surgeon will run some tests to make sure that i will be able to hold in my bowel movements, as during the surgery because my tumor was so low in the rectum, some of the muscle had to be removed, if all is well then my ostomy will be removed and i will be all back to normal.
t3_2iq1kl-t1_cl4fsf7-cl4g9pk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i instantly went to coca cola being a source, he went through way too much of that. no smoking though, but that's hit a few other family members as a cause. and thanks, it was a whirlwind, he was incredibly lucky. i was always more worried about colon cancer with him, since his dad beat it once or twice too! thank goodness every once in awhile it goes a good way with this.   edit: i'm just saying that as a hysterical daughter who was away at college, i think i was a bit entitled to panic a little and be a little irrational for a few minutes. i got over it very quickly and realized that sometimes shit just happens.
t3_28nbjv-t1_cid3j3y-cidc5p2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6063	not a dumb question at all! it depends, but i've been told it is by many doctors. my husband's mother just recovered from colon cancer, (capitalized because that shit is scary), and her doctor told her that all her children should be checked.  my father is checked once a year, because both his father and grandfather have had skin cancer, and his uncle had brain cancer. i haven't had a chance, but i know i should start getting checked soon. on my mother's side, its more of the female reproductive system that suffers, so i have it coming from both sides.  however, cancer is unpredictable, and can happen just as randomly as anything else.  lesson here: if you see a weird mole, have blood in your stool or urine, you haven't gone number two in days, you're female and your periods are hell on earth or non-existent, or you have severe migraines and double vision, get checked. don't be afraid, don't put it off, and please don't get embarrassed. doctors poke lots of people up the butt.
t3_2vhjjz-t3_2vhjjz-cohq3aa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7505	oh dear, this was unexpected, right? i don't think i had heard anything about his health. he was a wonderfully funny and shamelessly hiss-worthy host.  edit: i just read the globe article and it looked like it was colon cancer with complications, so hopefully his family had time to get things in order and say goodbye. what a shame.
t3_1grzu6-t1_can7tzx-can7z9w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well he's been stressed lately so i'm trying to give him a break, but even after i said that but still asked for him to talk to me a bit he's still talking to me less and less. we used to text reply about once an hour and skype every night. now, i'm lucky if i get 10 texts in a day and i'm incredibly lucky if we skype.  his father was recently diagnosed with colon cancer and he's been dealing with that. i know that's a big deal and i've been giving him slack for that, but i just want to know that he remembers me. he's going to a community college, i don't think that's the problem.
t3_2ztk7k-t3_2ztk7k-cpmpvk6	colon_cancer	relevant	0.614	my brother lost his colon last year due to cancer and last week they removed his bladder because the cancer spread, only thing i am wondering is if he ever feels like he has to go to the bathroom since he has 2 bags now but i  don't have the heart to ask him.
t3_1uijxm-t3_1uijxm-cejaysl	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6111	my dad found out he had colon cancer because there was blood in his shit. i don't think he really cared, but my mom was a mess.
t3_1cswkq-t1_c9jqq7s-c9jz2ne	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6426	yes, this. my close uncle who died after a seven year battle with colon cancer called me to say goodbye because he was sure that was his last day. he had stopped dyalisis and was ready,  tired of the suffering. i had been spending a lot of time down there and i ran right over to spend more time with the family. sitting there listening to him call all his friends on his cell phone was heart wrenching but his bravery will be with me all my days. he died 6 months ago and i miss him.
t3_1ojuwl-t3_1ojuwl-ccswf2v	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	until you have actual diagnosis, it will be impossible to plan an attack. i will say that one of my client's was diagnosed with cancer in his tonsil, and had radiation done. it permanently damaged the nerves in his throat, under his clavicle and he looks likes he has had a stroke. he was very healthy, no smoking, minimal drinking, very athletic. now he looks 10 years older than he is, can't play golf and has severe scarring. he swears up and down he would not do radiation again, if he had it to do over.  the chemo caused no permanent damage. my boyfriend has colon cancer, and is doing chemo for the next 6 months. they have not recommended radiation for him, due to the location in his abdomen. make sure you get all the information you can before you agree to any type of treatment. good luck!
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqf7z92-cqfakts	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7349	i had occasional lower abdomen pain, but started to see blood in my poo. the doctor said it was colon inflammation and gave me some medication. i did not believe it and got a colonoscopy. turned out i had 4 cm tumor in my sigmoid colon. so yeah, if something worries you, definitely check it. btw, i'm 20 years old.
t3_46mbks-t1_d06dnhr-d06jeck	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	both my parents decided to quit smoking over 2 years ago. they stopped because my mom was diagnosed with colon cancer (which metastasized to her lungs). they both did very well and my mom is still going strong.  my dad died june of last year in a horrible car accident. my mom said there was never a time before where she wanted a cig more than that day. hardest she ever had to fight the urge.  stress can really bring the craving out.
t3_1xhks4-t3_1xhks4-cfboo8s	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.659	(a lot worse happened than this, but i tried to keep it short... sorry for wall-o-text)  worst period of my life literally lasted 8 years straight, no breaks inbetween at all.   around year 6, (when i finally had insurance,) i saw numerous doctors, and i got everything from that "i am full of sh*t" to, "well, we won't run any tests on you, but we will offer to take out your uterus because we like money". (dr's apts are so backed up in vegas, its about a 6 month wait to see a gyno - and no normal dr will touch gyno cases....)  i was severely anemic, it affected my job, i was always angry, tired (yawning like every 2 mins,) and had pms non stop (the cramps, the headaches, the backpain etc...) it was awful.   on the 8th year, that's when crap hit the fan. the bleeding became too much and one day, it looked like a bloody massacre scene in my apt. the blood was gushing so bad, i had to stay on the toilet but getting it it didn't fare well. i turned blue and was beginning to pass out. i ended up going to the hospital and they gave me 2 blood transfusions and they sent me home with a recommendation to go back to the gyno who wanted to rip my uterus out. (gotta love hmo's sometimes.) of course, the hospital didn't stop my bleeding.  when i saw the gyno the following day, he put me on quad doses of birth control (so 1 month's worth in 1 week). after 4 days, i realized something wasn't right.... i was sick with the flu, but i couldn't breathe, i was having problems walking, my leg hurt really bad....  that night i went to quick care, saw a bastard dr that said "i don't have time for you, i'm busy, walk to x-ray and get an x-ray done".... at this point i couldn't walk at all, but my husband wasn't allowed back in x-ray. i nearly collapsed in the hall. somehow i managed to get back to the exam room, the doctor comes back in says, "you're fat, you have pneumonia, and the flu, take these and go home" - i tell the dr, "please i think it's something worse..." he ignores me, and walks out of the exam room.  i leave quick care, takes me an hour to from my car get upstairs (1 flight to my apartment.) when i lay down, i can't move, i'm bleeding everywhere still (the birth control didn't work) - i tell my husband to call the ambulance...  i get to the hospital, was made to wait 2 hours in the er, doctor comes in and freaks out. leg is near purple, nurses tried 20 times to give me iv line, but they suck terribly and i get a pick line, and they pump me full of pain killer, they rush me to radiology to get scans of chest and leg...  find out i have clots in leg and in lungs combined with flu and pneumonia. quick care dr should have caught this... had i waited a few more hours i would have been dead.  stayed in hospital 3 months. they give me thinners, lupron (which is for colon cancer patients, but also is an extreme way to stop a womans period, and i had to learn to walk again because my leg took so much damage....  as of 2 years ago because of this incident, i am now physically disabled and cannot work, yes i am still overweight and let me tell you what hell it is to lose any of it, but i can barely walk. i am now partially wheelchair bound, the pain in my legs feel like sawblades. my husband is now my caretaker, and every day is a struggle.   i moved from that hell state (nevada) to colorado because i heard about a good dr that will listen to me. good news is that the dr was able to at least tell me what was wrong... i had a blood disorder and combined with the birth control that dr gave me, triggered a severe clotting episode. the reason for bleeding was a thickened endometrium from excess estrogen, so i am now on carefully monitored depo provera. it has taken a year to regulate with a few extra shots, but the bleeding hell is finally over. there was no need at all to remove my uterus. the doctor also found a plethora of other things wrong, which i was grateful for so i can now manage them, before it gets worse.  tldr; moral of story... don't let dr's push you around when it comes to your period.... it could kill you.... also, don't get sick in vegas they could kill you there too.
t3_21ldiy-t1_cge6eyi-cgeh193	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm 26 and i had a colonoscopy back in november 2013; i went to see a g.i. doctor per advice of my fiancee and doctor as i had complained to my lady that i was shitting about 15+ times a day for the last 7 years but around august 2013 i noticed i was not gaining weight despite my high calorie intake, i was losing weight very fast. (we had moved in together a year prior and she finally brought up my shitting issue and told me to tell my doctor (i've never brought it up before with my doctor).) i'm not obese, not too unhealthy. i'm 6' 4" 138lbs. anyways, i went in for a colonscopy and the doctor found a colon polyp, cut it out and sent it to the pathologist for cancer screening. well results came back and the colon polyp was cancerous; my family had no history of colon cancer prior to me finding out.   i was lucky that i went in, the only reason i actually went in was because on january 1st 2014 my fiancee's insurance booted me off because we weren't a same sex couple. we're a man and a woman living in a domestic partnership. so, i had decided to get everything checked out (health, dental, vision) before insurance ended. i was lucky to get in with a g.i. doctor so quickly! i just knew the doctor was itching to get his old wrinkly fingers into my butthole the minute i saw him. thank god he probed me with a camera and kept his fingers to himself.   now i have no insurance and i can't continue testing.
t3_2uzzt8-t1_codurxo-codv2hr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i understand what you're saying but stating that someone said "i'd rather die of colon cancer than do another movie" is still different in context than someone leading that same quote with "i thought".  i was just so surprised to see that quote and think "damn, david fincher has huge balls to announce such a statement, only to work again as a very well-known director". i guess i was just disappointed to realize that he said that quote after he already began work as a director again, because that isn't as memorable and unique (for a director to later "disown" a critically failed movie).
t3_194gdr-t1_c8krsh5-c8ksdgm	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.676	they're still strong and brave.  when my uncle was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer a few years ago, he refused all treatments and accepted the fact that he was going to die. i can't imagine what kind of strength it takes to accept that. through it all, he maintained his sharp sense of humour, all the way until he slipped into a coma and died.
t3_3c5hwy-t1_cssipgw-csskykm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6099	edit:  i was wrong...carry on.  na, he's fucked royally.  sad part is that colon cancer is one of the most easy to treat if you just get it early.  like literally goes from 'oh, we'll just take it out, no big deal' to 'you're going to die'.  that six weeks the doctors fucked up might have killed him, literally.  it was probably operable at the start but their fuckup meant it had time to spread.  it went from solvable to a death sentence just because they did the wrong thing.  one of the few cases where it is almost 100% obvious the doctors screwed the pooch royally.
t3_1otyi9-t1_ccvqtoz-ccvret8	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7497	well, i have a bunch of other underlying health issues that contribute to my misery, namely stage 4 rectal cancer. i was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis in 2009, which developed into early stage colon cancer. i had my colon, rectum (all but 5cm. google ileonanal anastomosis, or j-pouch) , and appendix removed in august of 2011. in august of 2013 they discovered a 6cm mass growing on my rectum. i had the tumor removed and am currently doing chemo. through the course of my problems, i've lost well over 60lbs, and managed to gain about 10 of it back. i wouldn't say i was fat before i got sick, but i was very comfortable at 200-210lbs ish. im 6'4", so even 200lbs appeared thin, but i was still "overweight" by the book.   you wouldn't believe how many people think being thin is so cool. at this point id rather be fat just so i didn't stand out so much.
t3_3x99al-t1_cy2uwfm-cy3md2v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7465	i asked what the chances were of two surgeons (who were looking for endo) making that same mistake two years apart were, and he said it was "pretty common".  he said colon cancer because i have rectal bleeding during menstruation and my pelvic pain is mostly on my right side.  he put me on a combination bc pill (in addition to my nexplanon implant) to see what happens. i don't know. back to the waiting game. he said he could remove my ovaries. he said doing surgery to excise is pointless unless i plan to spend the six months following trying to get pregnant.
t3_4dgo44-t3_4dgo44-d1qyx95	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm sorry you're frustrated! it sucks so bad! i had to stop working back in october after going two years of sickness and not knowing what was really going and having doctors give up. i'm still not working and still have no answers!!! i even went to mayo! my last gi has given up and say i need psychiatric care because this is all in my head. right now what is motivating me is to prove that bitch wrong! it's not fair to have someone give up on you. they aren't sick and it's their job yet their able to just throw their hands up and stop caring. i do a lot of yoga and meditation to help me relax especially after frustrating and sick days. i also drink kombucha since i can't have anything other than caffeine free tea and water. having little goodies helps my mood. it's comfort. talking to my therapist helps too. she had colon cancer so she almost completely understands what it is like to have a digestive disease (surgeries, ileostomy, etc) and it helps so much to have someone who understands! read this blog and see if it helps www.eatpainlife.com and feel free to pm me any time!
t3_1mc8hy-t3_1mc8hy-cc7tqwj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6057	stage iv rectal cancer here.  i just had my tumor removed, and it really wasn't until it was that i started feeling complete relief from this.  what is his treatment plan?  is he getting chemo, chemo and radiation, or surgery first?  i got a mix of xeloda/elaxatin at first, and after my first round of chemo was over i felt a little better because the tumor responded immediately and shrunk enough to provide some relief.  i did deal with this feeling for over a year before i had it checked out, and what i found best for sleep was to take tylenol pm.  in truth a lot the pressure is also pain, so just pain meds helped with the feeling of needing to poop, but the benadryl helped knock me out more so i could start getting longer stretches of sleep.  if that doesn't work, talk to you doctor about narcotic pain meds and sleep aids.
t3_3zels7-t1_cylr2cn-cylrjee	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	thank you, that has been a big motivator for me as well. wanting to be around for my family as long as possible.  my dad was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer in june of 2015, and has been through 6 chemo treaments and 30 radiation. he just got down with it in december. i thank god every day that he is still here, and seems to be improving.  i told myself that i won't to lose the weight while he is still here. i want him to see me healthy.
t3_1b7piy-t1_c94pq9y-c94v8cl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ah colon cancer runs in my family. if i could prevent it just by eating better i would but i can't stop genetics. it frustrates me that people would can prevent this don't when i'm sitting here scared of my future because either my father or i could get colon cancer.
t3_1fniwe-t1_cacbfy6-cacnccf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am prefacing this with i am not a doctor, i am an engineer.  in my case i need to eat more fiber, less fatty foods and don't strain so much.  in the end all i had was hemorrhoids, however the doctor was concerned enough that i had to have a colonoscopy to make sure.  i have to emergency poo several times a week.  sometimes i would poo and then look in the bowl and "holy shit" it was full of blood.  so something is not working right down there.  any systemic change in bowel habits should be cause for concern.  if it is a one off accident then just move on.  if it is happening regularly, get it checked.  colon cancer is no joke, best not to fuck around.  if you are young it is probably nothing, but why take a risk.  in my case i broke my sphincter from pushing to hard and need to learn to relax.  still i had to endure "night of a thousand waterfalls" to find out.
t3_1rb6dx-t3_1rb6dx-cdlema1	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is my life - before, during, &amp; after i was diagnosed with stage iii rectal cancer in 2010 when i was 26. life's a crazy-ride &amp; i'm in line.
t3_qcv5y-t3_qcv5y-c3woh8e	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7514	one of my best feelings starts with one of my worst feelings. while studying for a major test i had to write later that week, my dad came over to my moms house, (they were divorced for 3 years at that point) and sat down at the table to tell us that he had colorectal cancer. he started to cry, which was one of the hardest moments i had to endure in my life up to that point, as i had never seen him cry before. he took his treatments, chemo and radiation, and then got the tumor taken out. a short time after, he found out it had metastasized to his liver, leading to more treatment, and another major surgery. we had thought that at this point in time the cancer would be gone, but nope, came back as colorectal a couple of months after. he had to go through a 3rd surgery, which ended up leading to colostomy. it was either this, or just let the cancer take over the body. after that 3rd major surgery he was told that there were still microscopic cancer cells in his body. again horrible news... his only option was extensive chemotherapy. he ended up going through 12 chemo treatments after this surgery.   these treatments all led up to the moment i experienced a couple of weeks ago as a now 4th year university student. he went in to receive the test results from the most recent full check up he had. all day i was completely unfocussed on any task i had to do. i didn't think i would be able to handle being told he had cancer for the fourth time. i ended up getting the call from him, and he told me he had a clean bill of health, and the doctor's called him an anomaly for being in such good shape after everything he had been through. it was probably the greatest sentence spoken to me in my life. the hugest breath of fresh air. he was such a trooper through the whole thing, didn't get sick once, and didn't lose a single hair during any of the treatment processes. he battled for four years, and hopefully (fingers crossed) he beat it for good.
t3_446txc-t3_446txc-czo67m4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	surprising that you don't need a digital b/c with all the b/s lyft &amp; uber shove up your ass, it makes me think i should have rectal cancer by now
t3_1oavtl-t1_ccqeau8-ccqk4fk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7443	**thank you** i am sitting in the hospital this very minute with my dad who was just given 6 months to live. colon cancer. i hope this can happen. he is my best friend.  not only colon cancer but anything else that is very high risk.
t3_3mhr9x-t3_3mhr9x-cvffbqu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.732	thank you for doing this ama. it is often very difficult to get a doctor to sit down and actually speak frankly about ibs issues. mostly due to 11min standard appointment times...  i am a 28f who was hospitalized for 4 days at 23 with a large bleeding ulcer in my colon. (the entire length of mh colon was inflamed) i was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis. i had several bleeding relapses that did not require hospitalization. at 25 i started having severe fatigue and nausea to were i could not make it through a day without 2-3 hour long naps and a couple trips to the restroom. i saw a new gastro doc and, after several tests, was told i didn't have uc but he believed my small intestine was spasming periodically causing my issues. he gave me the option of starting a medicine that would immobilize my small intestine over the course of 4 months (with serious consequences if i went cold turkey to quit) or going to mayo clinic. i went to mayo but, for whatever reason, mynot flare up resolved itself before the time of my appointment (several months after onset of the sever fatigue). they told me ibs. which is the diagnosis i've been treating.  i still have regular flare-ups with light bleeding, severe bloating, and diarrhea. nearly every bowl movement makes me sick to my stomach - especially if i have been stressed for any reason. i've started a low dose anti-depressant prescribed by my newest doc who thinks its a serotonin issue but at this point every single doctor i've had has told me something different. i've been told several times by prompt care docs or er docs that ibs has no colon involvement. i haven't had an ulcer in my colon since the first, but the first was a doozy. mayo had no active symptoms to go on, so could they have been wrong? i know uc has a very high chance of colon cancer 8 years from onset (to the point that i was told repeatedly when i was released from the hospital that in 8 years i would need to start getting a colonoscopy every 2 years to check for cancer) is that something i should be concerned about as i approach that 8 year mark? how could i have ibs when this all started with a colon ulcer/inflamed colon? what sort of questions should i be posing to my doctor? i don't go to a gastro anymore and sort of gave up hope i'd ever be healthy or able to hold a 9-5 normal job (or ever be anything but dirt poor and tied to a bathroom) because it just seems like everyone sees ibs and treats me like a, excuse the french, whiney bitch.
t3_4xzmpt-t1_d6jtgol-d6k76p7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	a friend of mine had confusing and painful gi symptoms for about a year. she went to several doctors who brushed her off because she was young. she ended up having a massive tumour that may have been caught too late. apparently colon cancer is appearing in younger people, and doctors aren't catching it because it was historically an older person's disease. she's 33.
t3_cpfs6-t3_cpfs6-c0u8q5p	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6672	&gt; i'm scared of going to the doctors as i don't want to hear "ibs" as it's incurable to a certain degree.  haha.  yeah, i was so depressed for those 3 years the docs said i had ibs, but then i found out it was only stage-iv colorectal cancer with liver metastases and boy was i relieved!
t3_3t7ums-t1_cx442wi-cx46q7r	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5025	a similar thing happened with my father and i. later on that year he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and it had metastasized completely and the woman he married left. by the time he realized he made the wrong decision he couldn't leave a hospital bed and passed away last year in june. i had tried to make things work with him despite the wife but she had total control over him. i'm almost positive she was ignoring my calls when i tried to call my dads cell phone and i hadn't spoken to him months before he passed. i didn't even find out he died until a full 2 days afterwards because she didn't even call to tell me or my family. my mother had to be notified by the hospital. it was terrible. i hope your son works things out either with himself or with his father and his family before it's too late. i have a lot of regrets.
t3_2ps2cw-t1_cmzw9qo-cmzzcko	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey doll. my mom has cancer too but hasn't had to do chemo or radiation. my friend recently went through multiple chemo/radiation cycles for his colon cancer and it's really brutal. more than just the pain, it's the fatigue and weariness that goes with it. based on his experience i would say it's doubtful that she'll actually be able to make it through a work day. he spent the majority of his treatment time at home sleeping and being miserable. it was physically and mentally very intense for him. can your mom take time off work for treatment or at least have reduced days?   &lt;3 *hugs*
t3_34ipvk-t3_34ipvk-cqvq5gq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6617	mid 2013, had a particularly large meal one night and passed a significant amount of blood in the toilet the next day.  went to my gp who said it was probably a small tear just after the stomach and gave me some pills.  early 2014, another large meal and more blood the next day.  back to gp, referred for colonoscopy early february.  got the call while driving to work the next week, familial adenomatoua polyposis which had progressed to rectal cancer, total colectomy recommended.  how did i feel? it was scary at first, when you hear the words total colectomy you have visions of crapping into a bag for the rest of your life.  but after meeting with my surgeon and discussing the options, things aren't so bad after all, there's a procedure that'll leave me with relatively normal function, no cramping into a bag, etc.  the cancer was a bit of a worry but everyone said it was caught early and is curable so outcome should be good.  i remained very positive though the whole thing, my thought was there's no point in being angry or upset, just get it over and done with.  late feb 2014, surgery, total colectomy with j-pouch procedure, 3 weeks in hospital plus 6 weeks home rest.  pathology found traces of the cancer in the lymph nodes they removed.  chemotherapy recommended.  late may 2014.  start 6 month course of chemo.  it sucks.  i don't have it as bad as some, fortnightly doses, mild side effects, no hair loss, was able to work while on treatment.  but still, not fun.  finished that course december 2014.  start to develop back pain, slowly getting quite severe, also develop (what i thought was unrelated) severe testicular pain.  ct scans and ultrasound come up clear.  chemo follow up scans jan  2015.  chemo not successful.  tumour in lymph node lower back causing back pain and referred testicular pain.  nodules found in lungs.  more chemo recommend.  not curable.  how did i feel now?  well... fuck.  this sucks.  the pain sucks more, but i now have pain killers for that.  oh well, such is life i guess. best to get on with things.  feb 2015.  start second course of chemo, 4 month courses then scans to see how it's responding.  this round sucks more, still only fortnight treatment but side effects worse.  receive benefits though work insurance which has allowed me to stop working.  still remain fairly positive.  sucks i probably won't see my 35th birthday.  oh yeah, it's a genetic condition, so i probably won't have kids.  or a lasting relationship, i couldn't imagine putting someone through that kind of pain.  april 2015.  finish first course, scans, does not appear to be growing or spreading.  i guess that's good?  more chemo scheduled.  tl;dr: rectal cancer, curable, it sucks but get on with things.  chemo.  not successful.  spread to lymph nodes and lungs, not curable.  more chemo.  oh well.
t3_4ae62t-t1_d11g307-d11gd1t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7183	i never said it's valid to force on someone. but i think it depends entirely on why it's forced.  if it is simply as a deterrent then i don't agree with it, if it is used to determine whether there are are potential complications then i can see why they would want to force it.  i could be wrong but i believe there are other procedures that should be considered first to determine whether complications may occur so i am leaning on the side that they chose trans-vaginal as a sort of deterrent because it's more intrusive.  i do think there should be some sort of prior examination before the procedure if there is a reasonable chance of complications. as there should be with any medical procedure.  physicals require my balls to be handled and colon cancer screenings require a camera in my ass. :/
t3_ps9j7-t3_ps9j7-c3ru10v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, i had a cancer scare last year, told everyone i may have colon cancer. then i had a colonoscopy, and found out i was pooping blood because i have hemmoroids (sorry if wrong spelling, phone doesn't have spell-check). so i guess i was that friend.
t3_3itdcc-t3_3itdcc-cuji14w	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7421	when i had rectal cancer, i underwent a pet (positron emission tomography) procedure to allow them to exactly locate the tumor, so as to allow targeting radiation to it. i received a mixture of special glucose which emitted positrons which were detected by the device similar to a cat scan machine. as it happens, i had been on a low carb diet for about a month, before i was diagnosed with cancer.  the doctor who read the results said that the tumor "lit up like a christmas tree light." as well it might. most cancers (including recto-colon) are unable to draw energy from anything except glucose and i had been mostly starving it for a while. when it saw all that glucose flooding my blood, it took in as much as it could.  while the purple aspect of these potatoes, could be helpful in controlling some tumors, the rest of a potato is all starch, which means it's all glucose, the favored, even exclusive diet of most (but not all) cancer cells.  plus, high blood glucose makes for high blood insulin and insulin is a growth stimulant for most cancers.  kids, don't try this at home.
t3_1qp8oj-t3_1qp8oj-cdf5hb9	colon_cancer	relevant	0.603	sorry i don't have any suggestions for neuopathy. as for other issues- i was diagnosed with rectal cancer stage iiic.  i did neoadjunctive radio-chemotherapy before surgery. chemo was "cocktail's of 5fu, oxaliplatin and a bunch of other stuff.  also popped zeloda (pills) instead of the 5fu pump.  imrt radiation.  went in for surgical consult (probably would have had a colostomy bag) surgeon did a sigmoid - no sign of cancer. gastroenterologist calls me the "lucky guy". that was two years ago.  first year had ct scans (lungs, liver and abdomen), sigmoid or colonoscopy  and the worst one the endorectal coil array mri, every 6 months. now getting scans, colonoscopy and the mri once a year. that being said, go find another oncologist, your's is an asshole!  one last piece of advice, never ask for a discount on your colonoscopy's  as a "frequent flyer on alien probing airlines"  (just had my 7th) asked my gastro for a discount - he said "sure, i''ll give you two for the price of one, i'll run the snake up and back twice!".
t3_dv9bj-t1_c1373mb-c139h4b	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	he is basing his decision on what his grandma has been and is still currently going through. he's not one to admit he has any weakness and i feel honored that he was able to tell me. i lost my grandpa to colon cancer 11 years ago and it was the worst feeling ever. on the other hand my grandma is alive and doing very well after battling and surviving both lung and colon cancer. im going to do the treatment research for him though and see what he says.
t3_1sesd6-t1_cdx9664-cdy43jb	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i just flat out told them, "she's going to flip her car on the way home from her girlfriends. not now but give it a couple weeks. whatever you do [to my sister] drive like an old lady." she usually has a lead foot, from then on, she dropped her speed. good thing, too. she would have died.  other instances are similar. but not as tragic. when i was in my teens, my arm started hurting whenever i was around a certain friend. i told my sisters about it but they didn't believe me until my friend broke her arm. i think i was 13 at the time. usually a family or friend's death doesn't surprise me. i already feel the sorrow weeks ahead. most recent death, my father in law was diagnosed with colon cancer in late 2005. he told us he had 3-6 months, reality was that he was told 1-4. i knew he was lying but kept that to myself. i also knew that he would be alive to see his grandsons born (one mine, born late 2006), and he would be a happy man when the time came. i helped take care of him. picked him up from his chemo sessions, sometimes took him to doctors appointments. he did go in remission but it all came back with an angry vengeance. i saw it grow by the look of his face. the way he acted. it wasn't normal. i remember the day i picked him up after that check up. it was cold, freezing rain. the look of deviation and the attempt to make jokes. it was a scary, sad, humbling day. i miss him greatly. he lived until 2010, 4 days before my birthday.  the only time i haven't predicted a tragic event was when my brother in law was in a devastating car accident in june of 2005. he had a major brain injury. i don't know how i missed that one. what a good/bad year that was.... oh sister in law got married, i got engaged... that was the good.  because of this random "gift" i'm usually the one to seek when a death strikes. when i get an uneasy feeling, i usually talk to my mom or sisters about it. it's like an empty feeling that can never be filled until fate happens. sometimes i can ignore it if it's nothing life threatening, other times i just cry it out. doesn't go away. the empty feeling happens when my mom gets bad news. like grandpa having a heart attack. i called her as soon as the feeling set in. i know when she's keeping something from us. it's weird. she doesn't like it when i prod at her to spill the beans.   so ya. those are the things i clearly remember.   edit: wow this is long... tl/dr: i get bad feelings when bad things are going to happen about 2 weeks prior, i have soon-to-be-real dreams up to 2 years in advance, usually good things.
t3_4ldxt6-t3_4ldxt6-d3mmvg8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	40  my husband was diagnosed with iic colon cancer. for those who who do not know here is the basic rundown:   stage iiic: the cancer may or may not have grown through the wall of the colon or rectum, but has spread to four or more lymph nodes near the primary site. the cancer has not metastasized to distant sites.   in november of 2015, he succumbed to his illness. he died when he wanted to. he was given morphine until he died.  he died in his sleep. he died peacefully. the way he wished. my kids ( 11 and 4), even thought they didn't understand, got to say goodbye. he dies knowing his family loved him so much.   i know he died knowing his family loved him, but here i am, feeling like a horrible person thinking that i was cheated. i now raise my children alone. i love my kids, please don't get me wrong, but now i feel so alone. i feel like i have no help. at this point i'm angry he left me. why did he leave me with two kids that need both their parents??? i'm here alone and i don't know what to do. i also feel guilty that i feel so angry. i don't even know anymore...
t3_16xg35-t3_16xg35-c80dkdw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7349	chronic and persistent vomiting, esophageal spasm, reduced gastrointestinal motor function and eosinophillic esophagitis.  honestly, my whole life i thought everyone was like this. i thought it was normal to throw up after you ate. my doctor actually asked me when i finally got tested if i felt bloated and i said no. he told me that my colon was actually sticking out into my stomach and he could feel it. i had been that way my whole life so to me it was normalized.  i didn't actually know what hemmorhoids were until recently, and i found out those weren't normal either. blood in the stool was something i thought was normal until i was fourteen and told my mom about it and she rushed me to the hospital immediately.  for all this stuff, i now take 6 different pills and 2 nasal sprays, and go into the doctors (i don't know what kind they are..a gastrointestinal guy and an ear/throat doctor guy) for treatments. i had to move out of my dorm because my doctor has warned me that i'm at a high risk for developing cancer or some other tumorous stuff (i'm not 100% sure because he told my mom and my mom pretty much told me while she was crying).  but i live a pretty normal life, just i have all this stuff happen to me haha. i have a 8 1/2 x 11 sheet of paper full of diet rules i'm supposed to follow. i don't follow them 100% all the time but i try to, stuff like not eating vegetables unless they're cooked, no fruits that aren't softer than a banana, no acidic drinks, dairy products extremely rarely, a list of foods to avoid, i have to seriously watch my sugar intake and i'm supposed to watch my caloric intake (i gained 40 pounds in 4 months and i'm supposed to drop way back down now). i have a lot of trouble doing all this (i'm 18 and in college) but i try. i don't like to think about the developing a deadly disease part of it but it's life!
t3_3avixv-t1_csgiib5-csh7hjt	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7529	i worked with a guy who had retired early since the doctors told him that his colon cancer was going to be fatal. he always had a good attitude about everything. always happy, always looking at the bright side.  a year later, he comes back to work, cancer in full remission. i don't know if he's religious or not, and it didn't seem to matter. his take was that the only thing he could control was whether or not to be happy about what he had in life. he stayed positive and survived, despite the doctors telling him that he was basically dead soon.  very sorry to hear about your mother's second round. it usually seems to be particularly brutal. you have my sympathies.
t3_1i9k18-t1_cb2b34w-cb2b48a	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ya, well i don't really care if i have some sort of colon cancer or if its something more simple.  i don't want to go to the doc.  i don't really care if it kills me.  what is this life but a pathetic existence.
t3_1rn1fr-t3_1rn1fr-cdp496s	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7923	that is scary. that is our oldest and deeper fear, to lose our parents. when it happens we learn that we need to finally be on our own, and that we are stronger than we think. i like to think that not only the ones with cancer are dying, everybody is, and all we can do it is to enjoy time we have with our beloved ones. my mom died 5 years ago, with stage iv colon cancer. it was a nightmare, she left a weird feeling of loneliness behind. last year my father found out a stage iv cancer, he went through chemo, but now he is not doing any treatment. there is nothing they can do. he is living, doing his thing, taking care of his house, planning trips. i try to not think too much. it is hard, scary, sad. but it is life.
t3_3yi26p-t3_3yi26p-cydmylr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had an english professor that didn't like male students very much (am male). he took 5% off a paper i wrote because i used an oxford comma. i tried to explain that it was a matter of taste but he wasn't having it and told me he was the professor and i didn't know what i was talking about. i went back to my desk, found it in the book, and then walked up to his desk and set the book down in front of him. he was furious but i got my points! he died of colon cancer the next year so looking back he was probably just mad at the world and not students in particular. life is hard.
t3_2t3g96-t3_2t3g96-cnvs0b8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i can take it to another level. 3 years ago, i was found to have colon cancer. i was lucky, got tagged in my first ever screening with a small cancer. like a super early finding. it often has no symptoms and can be too late when they show up. the way i stay positive is simply, i am not willing to give up. i have things left to do. i went through a bad economic time since 2007 and i have been obsessive about fighting my way back to support my family. i have done that and now, i have gained that, i am obsessive about finding the means to take up my fulfilling artistic life i had before the tough times. (musician) because, that is what fulfills me. i am willing to fight and work for what is important to me and doing that can be its own reward. and if the cancer does come back, well, i fucking tried ya know.
t3_26bhk9-t1_chph1pj-chplbz1	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5953	my mother had colon cancer at 31 when i was 3, and passed away from it.  (i'm now 34). she also waited too long an ignored the signs (passing dark blood), because she was--i have been told--too scared to be checked.  because of this, i have been checked since i turned 30.  but it is an extreme case in my situation.  in general, if you start to shit dark colored blood, contact your gi.  bright blood is often not a sign, but it is never bad to check.    doctors are always shocked, because even 30 years ago survival rates were so high, yet she died from it.    don't wait, it isn't worth it.
t3_39x5nb-t1_cs7l1fl-cs7lgd4	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have no problem talking about it.   the symptoms were there for quite a while, but never given them much thought, having some blood in the stool. just figured it was hemorrhoids, got some cream for it figuring i would be done with it. it wasn't until i picked up running that i started to notice a pain in my stomach. but having not trained in forever i blamed it on that. but when that didn't go away, i figured it was time for a doctor's appointment. i know now that i put it off for way to long, but being in a foreign country the step is bigger. lots of tests and multiple months later and still nothing. so as a last resort she sent me to the hospital where i got a colonoscopy. which made everything very clear very quickly. but this wasn't until several months that i got my diagnosis. 3 months after i first visited my doctor. by that time it had already spread to my liver. after the diagnosis things went fast. operation to remove the part in my colon within the week. and two weeks after that i started chemo.   colon cancer is very rare under young people, so that's why it took so long for them to figure it out.
t3_cuql1-t1_c0vf2cb-c0vfhde	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8063	i know a few others have left similar sentiments, but i thought another wouldn't hurt. my mother was diagnosed with liver, lung and colon cancer a little over two years ago. she was given two months to live. she's now in remission. it will be a battle. but, recovery is a possibility no matter the length of time they assign.  that said, i wholeheartedly agree with toadog. your mother isn't thinking clearly. it's best to be respectful to her, but don't feel any obligation to go through with her wishes. marriage isn't something to tread into lightly, and never at the request of someone else.  sorry to hear of this. good luck. keep us posted.
t3_4ys18e-t3_4ys18e-d6qjs83	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm very sorry for your loss - he seems like a really cool guy.  had to be hurting but still found a real smile.  i'm 53 - was diagnosed with colon cancer last year, but got all the good breaks and was declared cancer free after surgery.  my doctor was diagnosed with esophageal cancer in the same timeframe.  he is still fighting it.  i think i can never be so lucky again.
t3_4tkw8d-t1_d5i609p-d5i8oew	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i agree.  i've had tinnitis for 25 years. it can be annoying, sure, but like anything, if you focus on it you'll go crazy. so don't focus on it. i've also had broken bones, ingrown toenails, dislocated joints, and now i have colon cancer and bi-weekly chemotherapy.  i'm wondering what would've happened if she had a real ailment. maybe go all suicide bomber down at the market? i hate to say it, but she's a fuckin' uber-selfish hardcore whiner. "nobody understands what it's like..." i understand perfectly well what it's like, and it's time to shut up.
t3_4ehqtt-t3_4ehqtt-d20l7g4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'll tell you what my dad told me when he knew the colon cancer was going to beat him. "never forget i had a damn good time."   and what one of my teachers told me once the school found out (i was in high school), "time is a wonderful healer."  don't try to take it all in right now. grieving is slow. in a way, you're not supposed to be okay. go slow with this, and take it as you need. i understand where you're coming from, and it's not easy.  i know telling you that "at least he saw you" or "he was at peace" won't help. they're just sorta...fake feeling. they're what everyone says.  just go slow, remember that he had a good time with you while he was still here, and that time is what you need right now.
t3_23j0v1-t3_23j0v1-cgy4n4a	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's tough bro, i feel for you. also stage iv colon cancer. i had limited success, there are some totally understanding women out there, but it's tough. i was in a long distance relationship with another cancer survivor, but had some craziness with my ex that scared her off as well as some selfishness on my part. putting my friends ahead of her, she was awesome and i fucked it up.   i always told them up front, scared many away, which, honestly is for the best. others just wanted to give me a pity fuck, which, sounds awesome, but when you want someone that is there for you, that doesn't cut it.   hope the treatment is going well. stay strong!
t3_15excv-t3_15excv-c7lwb43	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5789	my grandpa. i nearly cry every time he looks at me with that "who is this random dude in my house" look.  grandma is nearing the end of a battle with colon cancer (its in her lymph nodes now and she is literally starving to death). i can't decide which is worse, the fact he will soon be without her. or the fact that many days, he essentially already is.   it's so frustratingly horrifying not being able to share memories with him before he's gone. i try to do what i can for him but sometimes he's so confused he's actually afraid of me.   i didn't realize it was upsetting me so much until i typed this. thanks op, i actually feel a little better.
t3_2qgr9b-t3_2qgr9b-cn6iyud	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6623	i got a bonafide christmas miracle.  my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer a few weeks ago and he had to have an extremely aggressive surgery. unfortunately in the aftermath of the surgery, one of his arteries started bleeding and they were struggling to stop it. doctors assumed organ failure was imminent and told us he likely wouldn't survive the night. our family gathered at the hospital to see him, and unfortunately he was heavily sedated and on a respirator, so he was barely aware of his surroundings. i said my goodbyes, i held his hand. it was cold and clammy. it already felt dead. i started the grieving process and spent the next few days in a kind of malaise.  surprisingly, he didn't die that night. he actually started improving. they tuned down the sedation, removed the respirator to see if he could breathe on his own, and he could. i went back and saw him on christmas, and he opened his eyes, and looked at me like he hadn't seen me in years. his hands were warm and alive. i kissed his head and let him rest. i still haven't had a chance to talk with him, since he was still sedated, and he still has cancer and has to go through chemo, but that i could see him again was amazing, and that i might get to talk to him again is even more so.
t3_m70ae-t1_c2ynxoe-c2yxavd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5085	oh thats such a drag. im sorry to hear you lost your husband to cancer. that's what got my dad. he had colon cancer and bang one year later it spread to his liver and that was that. he died while i was on the plane from japan to the states to go and visit him. so i was pretty heartbroken and am still pretty messed up about it. it's been over a year now that he's gone but it still feels recent. also he raised me as a single parent, so losing him meant i lost my whole family. so lame. but i got a wife and 3 kids (had a new baby daughter 3 weeks ago) so i lost one family but am making another. i hope that you are ok and are able to move on, i cant imagine what id do if i lost my wife. big old broken heart... this life...
t3_4p2z0z-t3_4p2z0z-d4hn4lj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6707	&gt;third-base coach tony beasley was back in the rangers’ clubhouse after completing five weeks of treatments for rectal cancer earlier this month, and he will stay with the rangers until having surgery aug. 22.  &gt;beasley had been in houston at md anderson cancer center for radiation treatments. he said that he won’t be able to resume coaching third base, leaving those duties to spike owen, but will be traveling with the team.  &gt;“all the tests and all the blood work continue to be good,” beasley said. “i feel good. i feel really good."
t3_qgsj9-t3_qgsj9-c3xk85p	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7416	hey there, i'm sorry to hear about your sister. i hope your family is supportive during these times. i experienced a similar situation last year.  my best friend died of colon cancer last year, on june 3. he wasn't diagnosed until it was stage 4, so treatments were just a vain attempt. the doctors were only able to extend his life a little with drugs n' whatnot, and that came at great cost (still extreme pain, drugs that interefered with mental function).   anyway, there wasn't any quality to that life and he was not going to get better, so he decided to stop treatment. here are a few things i learned  1. it was important for jason that his friends and family understood and accepted his decision and didn't give him shit about it. this was the hardest for his grandma, because you know, she's old school. and loved him.   2. it gave him comfort to know that elements of him would still speak through us; for example, that the bonds i had made with his brother, mother, and father would not be abandoned after he was gone. i went up to his dad's farm, in his place, earlier this year and helped him with an annual thing with cows (castration! yikes and vet checkup, shots. day long event).  3. jason was an older brother, so it gave him peace of mind that all his friends would look after his brother.   4. right up until the very end, we kept him smiling and entertained. even when his eyes had ceased to function and he was mostly comatose, i cracked a poop joke at his mom and i swear i saw a little smile in the corner of his mouth.   man i miss that fucking guy. good luck dude.
t3_4809x2-t1_d0glcd1-d0gljge	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6809	thanks. it's just that since 2013 it's been a really tough road for me. i was diagnosed with colon cancer in may of 2013...was only 32 at the time and it's been a mental and physical battle since. now we picked up and moved on a whim in december to a new state and i love it here but things keep going wrong even with the stuff going right.
t3_12he9h-t1_c6v8t5k-c6vab8w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.667	wow, this happened to me too. he didn't make me clean it up, but he didn't and rather than myself and my office manager stepping around this liquid poop my boss blamed on the toilet overflowing, i mopped it up. he was diagnosed with colon cancer and couldn't control his shits anymore.
t3_8ocml-t1_c09x5jp-c09x66q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7427	haven't talked to anybody about how i am feeling at all until now, in real life or on the internet or anything.  in the past i have felt suicidal and talked to people, but that was a while ago...and it was more in the sense that i needed support rather than i really wanted to die.  somehow i feel much more seriously suicidal now than i did then, if that makes sense.    no medications other than for acid reflux.  i occasionally lightly drink but only until i get buzzed, i rarely get drunk.  haven't done any other drugs for quite some time, and even then it was only pot.  haven't made a list of things that are going good for me.  might be a depressingly short list.  the pain is in my thoughts, not physical pain.  not a cancer patient or anything like that.  although ironically i was, sort of.  i had a mild surgery that was not life threatening or saving or anything like that. it turned out there was a tumor hiding in me.  i had to have another surgery to remove part of my colon to make sure it wouldn't come back.  so far it hasn't.  at the time i was scared i was going to die.  i thought it would rob me of my future and my happiness at graduate school.  it was only recently i found out that it isn't going to happen.
t3_1yxkja-t1_cfph99d-cfphifm	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	rectal cancer you mean? i have been concerned about that. but most likely i have nothing to worry about as long as i get it under control now.  but yes it does worry me slightly if i start thinking on it.
t3_1hytwm-t3_1hytwm-caza2u7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have a ten inch scar down my abdomen (above my belly button, through it all the way down ---&gt;). i had my appendix removed at 8(burst so emergency surgery) then i had colon cancer in 2012, then 2013 a full hysterectomy. im 32...i usually win my scars bigger than yours games.
t3_2i9x1i-t3_2i9x1i-cl0q2zt	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8302	i have both at the same time. stage iiia colon cancer (i had stage i lymphoma but they removed the lymph-nodes in the area before it spread throughout my body) and major depression which i was dealing with before i found out before i found out about the cancer.  1) i didn't want or accept help from friends or family (not that much was offered). the financial burden even with good insurance is insane!  2) there are days where i can't do anything do to pain and sickness. also did i mention the financial burden is ridiculous!  3) cancer doesn't end depression or ones self destructive isolating behaviors. if anything it increased my depression.  4) i really wanted to let it kill me at first. but after dealing with it this, it is not a good way to go. long drawn out extremely painful. and people gave me plenty of shit about considering not fighting it at first.  i'm not trying to be judgmental or argumentative, i'm just trying to give you some insight from someone that has been battling cancer and major depression simultaneously. i hope this helps in some way. if you want me to elaborate on anything just let me know.
t3_4pot0i-t1_d4moqe1-d4mvcc7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	not an endorsement. hah!  and you're right that this is sad news but there is plenty of hope.  a close friend and neighbor had a stage 4 colon cancer diagnosis 8 years ago.  he followed his doctor's recommendations and after 5 years was considered cured.  no red meat and no exposure to smoke.  in addition to surgery, chemo and radiation.  rough.  but oh so worth it.
t3_490arc-t3_490arc-d0oepjb	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi! i am very sorry this is happening to you. i have stage iv colon cancer too. it has been almost 3 years. at first, my treatment was curative, but the recurrence came very quickly (the cancer probably was never gone). so now, since two years, i am in palliative chemotherapy. i have since been on different chemo regimen and i still have an acceptable quality of life. i am not going to lie to you, it is not great. but my death wasn't as immediate as i first thought. i was seriously and very afraid, i wouldn't make it to the beginning of 2015. obviously, i made it. :)  i don't want to sugarcoat anything, but sometimes our ideas are unrealistic in a too pessimistic way. so: her passing might not happen for a few years. my doctor still can't give a time frame for me (i haven't asked since last summer, but i guess it's still valid). he just does not know.  all the best to you. i feel for you!
t3_4a1nfk-t3_4a1nfk-d0x4yxe	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7907	i didn't want to post this in the main post because i still have a hard time talking about it, but i was in the same situation you were in. when i was 18 my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 colorectal cancer that metastasized despite best efforts to stop/get rid of it. this happened after my first semester of university. she's gone now, and looking back i really regret not taking the time off school and spending as much time with her as possible. i look back and remember times when i had to choose schoolwork over being with my mom and it honestly makes me feel like it was such a waste. i went to school because my mom really wanted me to keep going and really to see me succeed, but when/if things start to get worse, you really don't want to stress between worrying about what you'll have to do about school and being there for your dad. it was the exactly same situation i was put it and my schooling suffered for it (others might handle it better) and in the end i still look back and think i could have done it so differently. obviously it's an individual experience and everyone has to make their own choices about what you can live with. i'm really sorry you have to go through this. really it sucks balls that this is happening, but i wish you the best with everything.  on a side note, i have a few video recordings i started taking of my mom doing mundane things, such as talking randomly on the phone, her birthday, and others. i honestly wish i took more, but they really help me when i find it difficult to deal with her being gone (even years after). i even saved some of her voicemails. i don't watch or listen to them constantly or anything, but it's really nice having them as a small reminder of her.
t3_1r1k7q-t1_cdinjo4-cdjrgfx	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i got pregnant last year at 32, had a c-section in january. both the pregnancy and the c-section recovery masked symptoms of colon cancer. finally went to the er when my baby was 5 months old and they found a tumour in my colon as well as finding out that 75% of my liver is covered in tumours. i had the colon tumour cut out and have been having chemo for the last 4 months. i have liver surgery in 3 weeks and they're going to resect over 70% of it. could die of liver failure... but then again, if they don't try, i'll definitely die of cancer. i have none of the risk factors for colon cancer (no genetic link, i'm healthy, not overweight, i don't drink/smoke, i eat well.... yada yada yada). it's just a case of "bad luck". fuck cancer.
t3_37ujfy-t3_37ujfy-crq2bnc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5961	i lost my uncle due to colon cancer this march. he was diagnosed 3 years ago. he was strong but i guess he wasn't lucky.   i'm very happy to hear your old man got rid of it. stories like his and tbs make me happy.
t3_3ae4ks-t3_3ae4ks-csc0it2	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my stepfather's name is steve. he has been fighting stage 4 colon cancer for a little over a year.   if i hear someone say it was "god's plan" they are going to have a bad day...  chemotherapy, radiation, vomiting, weight loss, coughing up blood, colostomy bags, surgery after surgery...  yeah. god's plan. fuck off.
t3_2s3sm1-t3_2s3sm1-cnm2mb3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.762	i unfortunately have experience with this. *sigh*  my ex-boyfriend was a picky eater in the same vein. wouldn't eat veggies. would take his hamburgers completely plain. wouldn't even eat ketchup with his fries. wouldn't eat anything "ethnic" .. he stuck exclusively to kids-type food (chicken fingers, plain burgers), certain kids of pizza, and very dry mac and cheese (whatever the fuck that means, right?).   we once had a fight because he wouldn't eat soup. i said, "surely there is one kind of soup you like?" nope. no soup. he didn't like how "liquidy" it was, and wouldn't eat chili (or any mexican food) because he didn't like the texture of beans.   but.... i wasn't like that. i needed veggies. i needed thai food and indian food and, well, all the foods that weren't in his exclusive group of 10 meals he would eat. i would *beg* him to go to a mexican restaurant with me, promise him up, down, and sideways that i would be able to find a meal he would eat there and he would say, "i'm not stopping you from going. go eat mexican/indian/thai (whatever the fight was about that day), but i'm not going with you." but it really upset me because he was my boyfriend and i wanted to **enjoy them together, like adults.** he would tell me to bring him a plain mcdonalds burger back for him on the way home. :(  when we visited my parents, he refused to eat anything my mom would cook, and would end up eating something like plain white rice or chips for dinner. it was so embarrassing it hurt my mom's feelings so badly, even though i tried to explain to her....   **anyway** sorry for the rant, but what i'm getting at is, i sympathize completely. my boyfriend and i broke up. i knew i could never marry him, deep in my heart i knew... because he was such a child about food. we were constantly fighting about it, i was always begging him to try something new, and he never changed. people like that don't change. i kept dating him for way longer than i should have, desperately hanging on to the notion that somehow it would be okay. but it just wasn't.   after we broke up, i ended up meeting my now-husband, who eats *everything*. even now, i am still delighted and surprised when he makes us a big salad for dinner, or when we go out for thai food, and i think to myself, *"am i this lucky to be with a man who is an adult?"* and in a way it makes me sad, because my relationship with my ex affected me so much in ways i didn't even realize at the time. i also realized after the fact that his eating habits weren't the only childish thing about him. i was just in denial because we had such a great relationship! (hah! what an idiot i was.)  so no, it's not "nuts" for it to be a deal breaker. and it's definitely something you need to be concerned over. my ex always claimed he was perfectly healthy because he was thin, despite his shitty diet. but he was still young enough. in the years since i've already noticed he looks older/fatter than he should because everything is catching up with him. when he has colon cancer at age 55, i'm not going to be surprised. and call me callous, but i didn't want to deal with that.   if i were you (and i have been you) i'd break up with her. it's an important issue.   then go out and celebrate with some thai food. :)
t3_33kily-t3_33kily-cqme0um	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6327	my father passed away 5 years ago.  he was a master builder who's only love was work.  when he wasn't working, he came home and worked, either in his workshop or in the garden/yard.   he worked the day before he died tilling the garden.  he had renal cell carcinoma.  his official cause of death was sepsis due to the cancer growing through his colon creating a blockage.  from diagnosis to death was 4 months almost to the day.  about a week after his death i awake to his truck horn blaring, it was 6am (the time he usually left for work) and i walk out to the truck, the minute i get to the door it stops.  it did this for two weeks straight.  start blaring at 6am and then the minute i got up to the door it would stop. my son finally cut the horn wires.  after that my father's elaborate stereo system would cut on at 6am.  i mean it was deafening.....walk up to it and it shut off.  everything my dad used to take care of , like the garden equip/lawn mower /power washer broke.  even the hand tools.  i think he was very angry about dying.  if i had ever been on the fence about believing in spirits, that ended.  also 2 weeks after he died i woke up with a pulmonary embolism.  i told my mom something was wrong, and she insisted i just pulled a muscle.  i almost didn't go to the hospital but my son convinced me.  i was admitted for two weeks, got home and two days later had another one.  it was such a crazy time after my father died......many more things i won't go into......scary.
t3_469n8d-t1_d03geky-d03ghkg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	his *colon* cancer metastasised to his liver, and is not operable.  he doesn't have liver cancer. he has colon cancer *in* his liver, i admit, but he doesn't have liver cancer.
t3_2jboed-t3_2jboed-clailsb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6235	my husband worked all 4 years of his battle with colon cancer (with the exception of the time off for the initial surgery and hours here and there for treatments). he logged into his work computer 3 days before his passing last month. his hands were shaking so bad, i actually had to type in his information for him. i tried for a year to get him to stop working, but he just wouldn't; stating he had to make sure i was taken care of. his job got his last good days, not me. i love my husband still, and i had always admired his work ethic, but i am a little resentful.
t3_4q37h5-t1_d4qbl07-d4qh2gx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	he's an ox. has those aztec "my entire family lived to the age of 90s/100s" genes. worked his whole life, even after he retired he never stopped doing stuff. he just got diagnosed with stage 3 rectal cancer recently but he's still outside every single day. hoping the chemo gives us a few more years with him.
t3_1s1w5x-t3_1s1w5x-cdtfe3c	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i totally get where you're coming from, but at the same time, cancer awareness is important. while they call it awareness, it's not that they're trying to tell you it exists. in some cases it's that they need funding, but a lot of it is because so many people do not get the checkups they should, and end up dying because of it. you see a lot of awareness campaigns for breast cancer, cervical cancer, colon cancer, and prostate cancer; the ones people don't get checked for because it's awkward. my cousin/namesake/mom's best friend died because they didn't catch her cervical cancer in time, because she put off going to the doctor. if cancer awareness campaigns save people, which i'm sure they do, i want them to keep going.  huntington's is different. it definitely needs to be researched, but it's not nearly as common as cancer, nor is it preventable. that's why you don't see anything about it. it's not that it's not a horrible disease; it undoubtedly is. there's just not nearly as much that they can do about it, other than the research that's already being done.
t3_2ct293-t1_cjipy5k-cjiqjwa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm sorry to hear about that. my mom did had a long term boyfriend after the split but she never married him. apparently it was because she did not want for her children to have a stepdad (i still dont understand how her mind works lol) but because of this, i became very resentful towards the bf when he comes over to the house once a week to spend the night. he did helped with the household expenses and stuff but 7 year old me cant understand why is this man who is not family staying over every saturday and sleeps in mommy's room? avoided the guy at all costs. adult me knows that he was a good person and made my mom not feel lonely but 7 year old me sees this man as stealing my mom away from me. mom told me that he died last year due to colon cancer (they're not together at this point but they still keep in touch).
t3_3t48ql-t3_3t48ql-cx30lu4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8425	man. this story hit me harder than a lot that i see on here. my dad was also a very devout tbm who recently passed away from colon cancer that was caught too late. we discussed me taking my name off the records a few months before he passed and while i didn't return to church, i stopped the process to get my name off the records. when i was deciding whether or not to officially resign this past few weeks, i thought of that conversation a lot. i've decided that wherever my dad is (i'm agnostic) that he knows it all now, and that he's probably just happy that i finally feel like i'm being authentic and true to my values. (alternatively, he's realized that heaven isn't what the q15 preached about, and he's happy i figured it out). either way has brought me a bit of peace. let yourself grieve however you need to, i know i still do and its tough, but healing in its own small way.
t3_tedi3-t1_c4lxnqo-c4lya0t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i met someone like this a few years back.  was a house party on the oregon coast and i walk in the kitchen.  a black guy introduces himself, shakes my hand, and announces to everyone present that he "ain't no faggot".  my wife thought that was strange.  this guy was a trainer at a big gym franchise, and the whole night his topics were working out and how he hates faggots.  he even went as far as to say that if he had colon cancer, he would much rather die than have "some faggot stick his finger up my booty."  when he asked me if i'd let someone do that to me if i had cancer, i said hell yes.  i like living.  then he called me a faggot.  at least he would die "a man", according to him.  i loled.    tl;dr some guy at party would rather die of colon cancer than have rectal exam/treatment. wondering if he had homo tendencies.
t3_27j1qj-t3_27j1qj-ci1ae96	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6606	had a rectal fistula back in 2008.  i first noticed it as a large, painful lump near my thigh and thought it was a tumor but was too scared to do anything about it.  i let it go and it burst.  it was the worst pain i ever felt.  i was in basic training at the time and didn't want to deal with surgery then so i waited and waited to get it taken care of.  after a year and a half of dealing with extreme discomfort, i finally went to the doctor.  the surgery to correct it was very simple and the recovery time was about two weeks.  i really wish i would have taken care of it sooner, it wasn't worth the pain.  my experience with it made me realize that it isn't worth not going to doctor because you are scared of the potential outcome.  just go to the doctor and let them fix you.
t3_v5hf5-t1_c51ksau-c51lxfi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	exactly.  i'm suffering from a disease that basically makes my life suck right now. i throw up everything. i have to go to the er once every two weeks to get hydrated. i've had my  colon removed. have had numerous surgeries and counting. blahblahblah.  i don't have cancer though.  i have an awesome family.  i have things some people would love to have.    i give myself time to sulk about it (even though i rarely do, normally it's only when my hormones are fucked up that i think about it that much) but i know other people have it way worse than i do and that helps me deal with it.   at least i don't have cancer. at least i have my family.  etc.    it just puts it in perspective.  there's also no sense in worrying or thinking too much about how bad you have it.  that's just making it worse imo.
t3_1vgrfq-t1_ces35vf-cesi2da	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have a very strong opinion on this matter. i strongly believe it should be given as an option. my uncle recently passed after a two year battle with cancer. it started out as colon cancer then metastasized into bone cancer (spinal cancer included). he had many tumors in his bones and his last week was spent in agonizing pain. no amount of medication could stop the pain he was feeling. his bones were literally *exploding* inside of him. he was to the point where he was actually begging and praying to die just so the pain would be over. if medically assisted death was an option (he was a physician himself), i fully believe it would had been the best option at that point. instead, his wife and family had to watch as he died a slow, excruciating death. i'm more than supportive of this particular issue.
t3_xmmg9-t1_c5nqhha-c5nqy5o	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.805	as someone with uc, it sucks. i'm glad it worked out for your bf. hopefully i can avoid surgery but the long term effects with colon cancer and the what not aren't exactly brightening.
t3_1mryjx-t1_cccdf5n-cccm8ax	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	he had colon cancer stage 2.  his chemo didn't cause hair loss or throwing up, but it physically drained him.  he quit when he had two more treatments left.  also, the radiation burned more of his large intestine so they had to cut more out.
t3_19djmd-t1_c8n50mi-c8n7iga	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't make me cry, i'm trying to eat my breakfast ;;_;;   i too had to have my first dog put down but when i was in high school cause my parents got him not long after they had me. colon cancer is a bitch. :(
t3_4rbi24-t1_d504fj1-d507cca	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	never say never.  a friend of mine was diagnosed with cancer at 30.  it started as colon cancer and had spread all over.  it was very upsetting because he had just gotten married and had 2 young children.   he's been cancer free for 3 years now.  he's missing chunks of several organs, but he's alive and his family is happy.
t3_v781s-t3_v781s-c51ztob	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi eugene! thanks for doing this ama. i don't really have a question but i just wanted to say that i wish you the best with everything you are going through. my fiance was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer when he was 21. i know not having to deal with everything alone helped him tremendously, so i am really glad to hear you have close family with you. again, good luck!
t3_o92h6-t1_c3fd8li-c3fdb5k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6757	1. i have siblings with adhd, autism, colon cancer and heart issues (yeah, i know) and i've always been a caretaker. i'm a nurturing type. also, i love to learn and i love to be challenged. i love to work hard and see how far i can get, so being a doctor seems natural to me. i plan on attending medical school. i see myself as being a psychiatrist, but i don't know if i could work inside a mental institution, because my memories of those places haunt me.  2. i do. i often want to break things off and be on my own because it's safer that way, but then i want to cling as tightly as i can because i don't have many people in my life.  3. i did. for about two years it was almost constant. the only noticeable scars i have left are on my stomach from when i carved fat into it with a boxcutter (i was 120 pounds at the time) after i oded on some psychotropics in another suicide attempt in my foster home (don't remember cutting myself, but it was deep enough to get into the the layers of fat. i had some on my arms but i got those covered up with tattoos.  4. my advice to you is to get out of that relationship, because it's obviously harming you. she is clearly not receptive to your attempts and needs more help than you can give her. she is also clearly very mentally ill. as hard as this may be to hear, it is very difficult for some people to get help.  what helped me was getting my ged. i didn't have to study for it (would have been too much given my state of depression) and ended up getting highest honors (yeah, they do that with geds), which was like a burst of sunlight. from there, i applied to college, got a job, etc.
t3_1k7t0t-t3_1k7t0t-cbmj62g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8637	i was diagnosed with obesity in 1999 and with t2dm in 2006, so that's when i began taking meds and poking my finger(s). the early meds were too strong and my blood sugar was unstable, so i was switched to metformin. this continued for quite a while.  in january of 2011, i started atkins induction but then found /r/keto and never looked back. i bought books by taubs as well as phinney and volek. a little later in the year i was diagnosed with a rectal tumor (stage i) and i stayed in keto with the grudging acceptance of my oncology doctor.  i received two sets of chemo amidst 6 weeks of daily radiation therapy. my appetite was never affected and i had minimal loss of hair (pubic only - now restored). during first year of keto, i lost just over 70 lbs (275 to 203 - 6'1").  when my daily blood glucose level was dropping, i also reduced my metformin and felt fine. eventually i discontinued it altogether.  that said, i am still insulin resistant. if i inadvertently have too much glucose my blood sugar stays high through the next morning. so it's keto for life for me.  edit: my earliest hba1c (2006) was 6.1; my first post- t2dm diagnosis was 6.3 (2009); latest is 5.6 (june 2013).  my advice is to do a fairly strict keto and use the meter to adjust your meds, but gradually. let your doctor know you're cutting back on sweets, which is likely to get approval. but perhaps you needn't give him the whole kielbasa of  your keto experience, at least until you have more demonstrable results.
t3_46exm0-t3_46exm0-d04mzkm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8036	i just had bad flashbacks. i'm still worried for bret.  let me explain.  my father had a lump in his colon about 5 and a half years ago. it was cancer. docs went in and removed it, and then told my father "we got it. you are cancer free. no need for chemo or anything like that." same as what they are saying here about bret.  3 years later, he suddenly become very sick, so he went to the doctor, and it turns out that not only was he not cancer free, but it had now spread through his body and was pretty far along, as in "if we don't start something now you will be lucky to have 6 months" far along. he fought as long as he could, 2 and a half years, but we lost him about a month and a half ago.  because of that, i'm skeptical of any doctors that remove someone cancerous and say "yep. we got it all. you're good."  i hope i'm wrong and that bret really is okay.
t3_4zy7t5-t3_4zy7t5-d700zzn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my husband is 32 and was just diagnosed with stage iv colorectal cancer this march. he has no family history and had no bowel symptoms. he got checked because he had a sudden pain one night in his abdomen (around where gall bladder is). his mom had to have her gall bladder removed, so he thought it was that. they did an ultrasound and found over 8 tumours in the liver. they did a liver biopsy to confirm cancer and a gastroscopy (stomach scope) and colonoscopy and found the primary cancer in the rectum. he just had surgery wednesday and is still in the hospital recovering now.   please get checked!!! it is a simple procedure. you will be sedated and comfortable. the worst part of it is the prep because you can't eat the day before and have to take laxatives but it can save your life!! if it is found early it is so easy for them to take care of.
t3_491xvb-t1_d0oixc5-d0oofli	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5171	i spent 4 months seeing my ex-doctor for my symptoms and was basically always told it was hemorrhoids and general constipation.  i was given 3 different strengths of laxatives on 3 different visits.  i even brought up the fact that my grandmother had colon cancer to which i was told they don't really test for that until age 40.  had it not been for me ending up going to er and finally getting referred for a scope, who knows how things would have went.
t3_4zejcp-t3_4zejcp-d6vpa98	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6834	please get yourself checked. my best friend is currently fighting cancer for the third time. he thought he had ibs for years, but it turns out he had colorectal cancer, and by the time he went to the doctor it had spread to his bladder and prostate. he's now mostly hollow from his stomach down and they still can't get rid of it. not trying to scare you or anything, it's just for years we joked about how he should just buy food and throw it right in the toilet.  edit to say get your colon checked specifically
t3_28lzju-t3_28lzju-cicu9n5	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6657	book incoming, be forewarned. it's ok though, you need info, and i have it.  some background about me: stage 4 adenocarcinoma rectal cancer, metastasis in "dozens" of lymph nodes and 2 good sized lumps in my liver (~2.75" diameter). diagnosed in november of 2012, given 3 months at that time. i'm still kicking 18 months later, and have had minimal out of pocket expense. i do, however, live in illinois, where medicaid is awesome. your mileage will likely vary with another state's system. all my info will be il based.  you didn't give any staging info, so i'll assume the worst, and he's stage 4 like me. if not, yay for you, but it may not be so easy to get assistance. being terminal means they just give you stuff, as they expect you to kick off in 6 months anyway. if they think you're going to survive, it gets trickier.  first things first, apply for disability. depending on how bad his cancer is, you may not get full disability, but get whatever he can. getting approved for disability makes fighting with the medicaid people a whole lot easier.  it was the difference between having to fill out 20 pages of paperwork and provide 6 months of financial records or just showing my disability award letter. seriously, do the disability thing, it's worth it.   here's the blue book listing for colorectal cancer. when you apply, quote this: http://www.ssa.gov/disability/professionals/bluebook/13.00-neoplasticdiseases-malignant-adult.htm#13_18  next, find your local medicaid office. here's the nyc office locator: http://www.nyc.gov/html/hra/html/services/medicaid_offices.shtml  explain to the caseworker what's going on, and tell them you'd like to sign up for whatever's available. depending on your situation, you may qualify for other assistance programs.  finally, once you figure out what doctor and hospital you're going to be using, talk to their financial aid department. i don't know how nyc medicaid works, but in il, since i get income from disability, i'm required to pay part of that each month in "spend down". it may be called something else in nyc, but whatever it's called, the hospital may be willing to write it off. for example, my monthly spend-down is $564. my chemo bill is $28,000 every 2 weeks. my hospital happily writes off that $564 in order to get paid $56k in a timely fashion. your hospital may have a similar program. it never hurts to ask. you might also ask for a social services office at the hospital after talking to financial aid. those people are paid to help you navigate the medicaid system. the social services lady at my hospital used to work for the medicaid office, so she's intimately familiar with their system. she was able to really help expedite the process and get all the right things set up to minimize what i've had to pay out of pocket.  good luck. 5fu is a motherfucker, but it beats dieing of asshole cancer. let me know if you need anything else. i don't know new york's system, but i'll help in any way i can.
t3_3gu1ct-t3_3gu1ct-cu1fmil	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i remember him doing a psa years ago about colon cancer because it runs in his family.  i hope that's not it.
t3_3owlwh-t3_3owlwh-cw13b47	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7957	keep posting it everywhere but it gets buried.  y90 sirsphere therapy is a form of radiation therapy for primary liver cancer and colorectal metastasis to liver (primary liver are called y90 theraspheres but he has colorectal mets).  the catch is that there can't be metastasis anywhere else and if he acts quick he may qualify.  idk what doctor told him there is no cure, i mean sirspheres are no magic cure but they will definitely do a good job of irradiating the liver mets to hell and back.
t3_2vetnl-t1_coh3a83-coh60uh	colon_cancer	relevant	0.509	i was told a few months. i don't know if he can really be accurate, so i guess it could be a little more, a little less.  i've got colon cancer that has continued to spread after treatment. looking into clinical trials now, which my doctor already did and couldn't find one i qualified for, but it doesn't hurt to keep looking i figure.
t3_2kw7gv-t1_clp9wg2-clpf904	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.749	sounds like world financial group. i had my uncle-in-law to invite me to their meetings. he said he'll even pay $100 for my training. i then attended for a few days but quit because i had to drive back and forth with another close friend of mine. school was priority even if the money they promised was "easy" to make. my uil said he made around $4k every 2 or 3 days per client. he now has last-stage colon cancer though and is expected to live up to 7 months. he's currently undergoing some chemo or surgery op in stanford. not sure what's his status now.
t3_3owdc4-t1_cw1357z-cw13g3l	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7507	cancer doesn't work that way. the fact that it 'disappeared' from his colon and is now showing in his liver indicates that it spread through his bloodstream. bad news, but he's young and bullheaded. even though its terminal he's going for the high score on time.
t3_ythaz-t1_c5z43xp-c5z5jr2	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	so, i alluded earlier to having blood in my stools but also said i didn't want to get it checked out, for a few reasons.  yes, dried blood is a different color, and the more internal the source, the darker it is.  mine was bright red.  and yes, sometimes i had a lot of blood, to the point that i had to go to the bathroom just to get rid of it.  kind of the same feeling when you have diarrhea.  but that's not what led me to the diagnosis.  what actually kicked it off was that i had a lot of leg pain.  i couldn't sit easily in certain chairs.  it pained me to walk.  i thought it was a sciatic nerve issue - sure felt like it - but it had the weird behavior of occasionally switching legs.  finally i went to the doctor.  my doctor - and bless her for doing this - decided to order a blood panel to check my muscle enzymes, see if they were out of whack. she told me the results came back that my muscle enzymes were fine, but that i was anemic.  men aren't supposed to be anemic.  women get anemic from bleeding during their cycles, but men don't have a normal reason for anemia.  she asked if i had blood in my stools, and i said that i did, and she said i should really get a colonoscopy.  so one was set up, and although they expected just some polyps and whatnot, apparently i had a 8 to 10 cm tumor growing just above the rectal cavity.  a piece was taken for biopsy, the results showed it was an adenocarcinoma (colon cancer).  i think i've described the rest of the process upthread (chemo and radiation to shrink the tumor, followed by surgery, followed by more chemo).  to come full circle, my leg pain went away after the surgery.  we concluded that the tumor must have been pressing on a nerve, creating the pain.  that was really the only bright side to this whole thing.  of course, i got a permanent colostomy out of the deal, as i described, and had to be on a catheter for quite a while too, because all the nerves to my urinary system and bladder were screwed up, plus i got chemo-induced diabetes, a blood infection from the catheter, etc.   i spent most of 2009 in and out of the hospital.  after that, i had regular pet scans, which is a diagnostic imaging procedure kinda like ct scans (but they inject you with a radioactive tracer), we did them every 3 months, i think, and then after a couple of those it picked up a nodule in the lungs - very small.  nothing to conclude other than to keep an eye on it.  a later scan revealed another, and growth in the first, and then there were three, and growing, and large enough to show up cancer-like.  we did a lung biopsy at that point (two, actually), and that's where it was determined that it had spread out of the colon into another organ (my lungs).  as mentioned, spreading to the lungs is somewhat rare for colon cancer, but it is what it is.  i don't know that if it had gone to my liver, as is typical, that things would have been any different.  stage iv is metastasized cancer, and not good no matter where it went.  it can't be treated with an operation at this stage either, one because it's in my system, metastasized, and also because the nodules are in multiple places in both lungs, hence not operable anyway.
t3_3v33qd-t1_cxk5c4b-cxk6e8j	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	although i agree with you, my father had stage iii colon cancer and it took him laying on the bathroom floor, throwing up blood in order to convince his doctor that something was wrong. he was called a hypochondriac when he felt something was wrong, months before things took a turn for the worse.  i rely on my doctor to give me accurate information. the doctor i'm talking about really didn't seem to be interested in helping me. she was constantly prescribing different medications to me within minutes of seeing her, and whenever we told her a concern or "could it be this?" she would take our suggestion and be like "sure, let me prescribe this..." imo i shouldn't be the one making the suggestions and i appreciate feedback from my doctor, which she did not give. i might be biased, considering my father's experience, but when i feel like a doctor isn't taking care of me i find a different one.  i am not someone looking for medications to be thrown at me. i'm looking for a doctor that can give advice and help me make the lifestyle changes i need to cope with whatever fucked up eating disorder i have. i 100% agree with what you're saying, but my doctor wasn't even trying to explain anything to me or work with me.
t3_ew5wf-t3_ew5wf-c1bgl7s	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's been observed here and elsewhere, but breast cancer awareness is now just corporate branding.  other cancers have vastly lower survival rates.  it plays well for branding products because it involves boobs.  you lot aren't going to want to buy bottled water while thinking about colon cancer.
t3_ge2kw-t3_ge2kw-c1mwqu7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6608	sorry for your loss. looks like she was an awesome mom&amp;friend/cougar/hot milf. you get it...  i am ashamed to say that until last week cancer was just something other people got. it was sad, and unfortunate but i could not personally relate to the word "cancer". no one i knew was affected by it. i mean, i knew of people who knew of people that had cancer or died from it, but no one really close to me had ever battled it.  last week i found out one of my friends is battling colon cancer and suddenly i am coming face to face with the possibility that i may loose someone to cancer. i have donated to cancer research in the past and have supported those who were participating in marathons/walks but i have never made a personal connection to cancer. i feel sad that i am compelled to participate more in cancer awareness now that i know someone who is battling it, i should have been doing this all along.  i guess i'm just trying to say that even if you don't know anyone that has cancer or has died from it, you should be more active in your community and help support cancer awareness regardless.
t3_3wya8z-t3_3wya8z-cy0rnib	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i used to be less afraid of death, i had a few close calls doing fun outdoor things that got serious.  each time i felt so alive and reborn afterward in a way that i felt like i'd stared death in the face - not like i beat it, but that it let me let go of unnecessary fear.  now i'm afraid again, although it's getting better over time.  i'm in chemo after a tumor closed off my colon.  i had abdominal pain for a few days, went to the er and was in surgery a few hours later.  stage 3, they caught it before it spread but it was headed that direction.  i'm in my 40s and very healthy, active, and eat reasonably well.  if i hadn't had access to a modern hospital i would have been dead for weeks now after my colon burst. my prognosis is supposed to be very good and my chemo is a preventative measure at this point, but i was in the hospital for over a week and was was so goddamn tired for weeks after the surgery.  with chemo i get tired for a few days and have some other weird sensory things.  i've now felt what i imagine getting really old feels like, and i also have a chance of cancer returning, of becoming that gaunt figure we see in images of people with cancer.  i hope that this journey brings me back to a less- attached mind.
t3_ajsda-t3_ajsda-c0i2nmw	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7505	my father died when iwas 10; colon cancer got the best of him that was 1985.i never got to say good bye. i used to dance on his feet i loved it. i imagined doing it at my wedding, now i never will and don't care to get married now either; it was hard enough watching both my sisters get married with out him there. he will never get to hold his grand kids or rock them to sleep, he loved being a dad. i still miss him today i am now 35, there is a part of me that will never lt go i just can't. i will miss our father daughter football games ( go steelers) they were the best, i remember yelling defense when the other team had the ball. i still have the bathrob he wore back when, and saved loads of other things that were his, and sometimes it feels like it was just yestrday i was that 10 year old girl who lost the greatest man she  ever knew.... ;( i love you dad.... jtc jr
t3_2ezrzi-t1_ck5w0jv-ck5xrzq	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	so true. my father battled colon cancer for a year before dying at the age of 54 last year. he flat out told me before he really started going downhill that he didn't want me or my sister to see what he would turn into--an emaciated, jaundiced, agonized, drugged up husk of his former self. he told us that he didn't want us to remember him that way. regardless, we did visit him when he was hospitalized, and then in hospice right before his death (by that time he was barely responsive, nonverbal, wheezing from a combo of pneumonia and lung mets, all he could manage was to barely squeeze my hand when i told him goodbye), but seeing him like that was incredibly difficult, for both him (while he was still aware of what was going on, at least) and for us. it was like his real self had died long before his "official" death. i completely understand people who want to avoid visiting deathly ill loved ones. it fucking sucks either way.
t3_44jen2-t1_czqozaa-czqpc53	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad's going through colon cancer and has dropped 100 pounds (+/- 20 pounds), but he started somewhere between 320 and 350. he's just lost his appetite due to the various locations of cancer (colon was the starting one, but it's moved to lungs, bone, and liver i think), radiation treatments, and chemo.
t3_27ra0u-t1_ci4diiv-ci4ecqs	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was wondering when someone was going to mention this.  it is definitely the weirdest part of the whole story.  to answer your question, stanford university hospital, in palo alto california, one of the finest teaching hospitals in the world.  i was clearly his caretaker, so i would ask, and they would answer.    the first scan they took revealed massive --- i'm forgetting what they called them exactly, but it wasn't 'tumors' and it wasn't spots.  but they took care to tell us not to freak, that they didn't know what it was, and it wasn't necessarily cancer.  the next weekend, i needed to take him into the er, and he spent the day being observed for a possible pul. embolism, i *think*.  don't really know or ever found out what he was kept there for.  that day i took a doctor aside, and asked what was going on, was it pneumonia, yadda yadda.  he straight out told me 'it's a recurrence of the colon cancer he had 20 years ago, and it's absolutely everywhere.  he's a very sick man.'  meanwhile, the regular doctors never ever used the word.  the next week, i took him to the urology dept., because it might have been a uti, or an obstruction - which yeah, it was!  tumors everywhere!  and also to other depts which escape me now.  then the next week he was back in er.  i was so confused about what was happening that i had the social worker check his medical records for me, and she said the word cncer was no where on them.  so he's taking mild pain medicine, antibiotics for a possible uti, having numerous scans.  then there's another emergency visit, and the doctor just casually mentions to him, days after he's been told  there's no reason for alarm yet, that his trouble breathing is to be expected with cancer this advanced.  we were stunned that he just said that.  at this point i literally grabbed this guy and dragged him into the hallway and demanded to know how we just went from 'no need for alarm'  to this.  he was abashed, and clearly knew he'd dropped the ball.  so he fudged his way through it by saying different doctors have different styles, and some think it's better to skirt the issue for everyone's peace of mind.  wtf??!!  so i fairly yelled at this guy saying 'do you think it might be a good idea to settle on an actual policy in this regard? a standard operating procedure??'  so then, in the third week (actually, i'm off in my time estimate in my original post - it was 4 weeks later he died)  we actually get and appt. for a biopsy.  and we're having a good time: biopsy then an elaborate breakfast, doctors visits, then ice cream sundaes, etc.  upbeat.  the results come back, and it's cancer, apparently.  but the doctor is very upbeat, saying "we think it's cancer"  and he explains all these new treatments, a chemotherapy pill, etc.  when we leave, my friend is very optimistic saying, 'well that sounds very hopeful' and we go fulfill the prescriptions.    and of course, i'm calling his brother who lives 500 miles away from all of this.  next night, he's in the er again, with trouble breathing.  the doctor says she wants to check him in to the hospital "for observation".  the pulmonary embolism thing again.  and my friend doesn't want to be in the hospital, so he's saying 'how long?  a day? two days? "  and she looks at him very steadily, very kindly, imo, and said "no longer than a week"  so he goes into the hospital thinking he'll be out in a few days, and i sit there stunned because i think she's just told him he has less than a week to live.  which was true.  seven days later to the hour he died.  but at no time did i get or did he get the straight forward information as to how much time he had, or even that he was terminal.  no one said 'we can only really make you comfortable'.    it was soooo confusing.  my intuition was thrown out of whack by what was being said, so i was referring to that dream a lot for some sense of stability and what the situation really was.  the only real truth i got was from 2 interns and an rn who looked at his xrays and said: this is very advanced stage four cancer.    but no one would say the word terminal and no one would suggest a time span.  stanford doesn't believe in using the word or prognosticating.  waaaaaay tl/dr: doctors don't believe they should use bad words.
t3_1a5hki-t1_c99mt6y-c99v04w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.758	i've never been genetically tested... mainly because i was diagnosed before they even knew what caused gardner's syndrome in the first place. i was 12 years old when i had my first colonoscopy and they found hundreds of polyps carpeting my colon. since my dad had the same disease i just didn't feel it was a good idea to get genetic testing before because i was afraid i'd get black listed from insurance companies... now i think it's kinda pointless because i've had just about every thing you can get with this disease so seems unnecessary. the only reason i'd do it is if it would help doctors unlock more about this weird disease because it seems to me that aside from the colon cancer thing... everyone i've ever talked to who's had the apc gene has different issues... which really makes us all truly unique and makes our disease just that much more complicated.
t3_30naeg-t1_cpuxjqq-cpvfira	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a few months ago i was in a somewhat similar situation. not exactly...i was a bit worse off than it sounds like you are, but i'll share my experience anyway.  in june of last year, i finished the list. every drug approved for my condition (stage 4 rectal), which hadn't been counterindicated by genetic testing, had failed to control my cancer. we made the decision to take a few months off of chemo and talk to some surgeons to see of there was any way of removing my tumors. they'd started big and crazy, but even though the chemo failed, it was successful in shrinking my primary tumor and turning the ones in my liver to mostly scar tissue. we had a plan. it was crazy...they were going to cut out 2' of colon and about 30% of my liver on the first operation, let me recover for 4 months (and let my liver re-grow), then remove another 50% or so of my liver. all told, they were going to remove the entire right lobe and about half of the left lobe. everything was a go until one last ct scan a couple weeks before surgery, which found new lesions on my lung, so surgery was immediately canceled.  at this point, i was sick, and getting worse every day. my only option at that point (i thought) was experimental drugs, so i signed up. they could have offered me dog shit on a stick, and i would have happily taken it if they told me that they thought there was any chance of it working at all. i was desperate, and i jumped at the first trial that i qualified for, even though i knew (and they kept reminding me) that the therapy had no curative intent. it was just to determine how this new drug affected liver function. it didn't have any curative effect, and for the next 2-3 months, i just got worse.   i finally had to just tell my doctors that i wasn't interested in that shit anymore, and that either they were going to put me back on the failed drugs to try to stabilize, or i was going to find a new doctor that would. i've been back on folfiri &amp; vectibix since december. i'm not cured by any stretch of the imagination, and i harbor no delusions that it's going to continue to work long-term, but i don't feel like i'm going to die tomorrow anymore, so that's a great thing.   i just called the research center last week to get back on the list for experimental drugs, but i've got a different outlook on them now. i'm a bit more selfish, i guess. i'm simply not interested in single agent trials anymore. if it doesn't include a base of folfiri or folfox (anything with 5fu...love that stuff), i'm not interested. i'm more than happy to try any new add-on drugs they have for conventional therapy, but it's not worth it to me anymore to try anything really crazy. i won't do another that doesn't have curative intent, either.  like i told the study doctor when i left, i have a high tolerance for cancer-related bullshit. i know i'm going to have to deal with it for the rest of my life. i do, however, require there to be a good day every once in a while, otherwise my tolerance for bullshit plummets. i'm ok with only 1 or 2 good days every couple weeks. if you can give me a 50/50 ratio of good days to bad, i'll sing your praises. if all you give me is bad days, however, i'm not interested in your bullshit.  i don't really know what point i was trying to make with this, other than to get the story off my chest, but i hope it gives you some perspective into some different mindsets that apply to experimental drugs.
t3_3hlxur-t1_cu96kow-cu96xmq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7206	i assume you're joking, but is this seriously something it can mean? because colon cancer runs in my family really badly. i'm only 21, though...
t3_3wxbyt-t3_3wxbyt-cxzrqfa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.807	i would mention it in a polite way. blunt is good but it can come out as aggressive. you have only been together one year, there might be past issues that you don't know about. the fact he hides his underwear means he is aware of the problem.  i know someone who had similar issues and it came after a colon cancer surgery. the person could shower three times a day but the anus muscles weren't as good as the normal people so it was harder to keep closed.  so i think i asking him in an understanding manner would be best.  ask him if he has health problems or if it is just lack of hygiene. if it is a health problem then you'll have to decide whether to support him through it or not. if it is simply a personal hygiene problem then i would slap him with underwears and tell him to get into the shower
t3_2sn4wa-t1_cnr62uh-cnroe8j	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	isn't it funny how two completely different people with different circumstances can have so much in common. i don't know for certain if i will be getting the surgery but since my onc said it might be a possibility i wanted to know what other people went through, especially since many other colon cancer patients seem to get the surgery.  i've had so many issues since being diagnosed it's ridiculous. from last september till now i've had a blood clot, pneumonia, and when they did the emergency colostomy surgery when i was diagnosed all the genetic testing that was done and all the info they had (the treatment options they gave me and the treatments such as medicines that may be ineffective, etc) was based on someone else's tumor. apparently someone at the hospital i got diagnosed got the two samples confused and sent someone else's tumor to be tested instead of mine, the only reason they found out was because the hospital that i go to receive treatment did their own testing and found that the sample had male dna, if it belonged to a woman it probably would have gone unnoticed. because of that i went six weeks without chemo and though it was wonderful being off chemo but i feel it just made my journey all the more harder and makes me feel like i need to make up for lost time. plus i had to do a liver biopsy so that the hospital i get chemo from have their own samples that they know belong to me, since they couldn't trust the first hospital to send the right sample if they couldn't even do it the first time around.  i was supposed to do folfox with avastin but they had to refuse to give me the avastin since it messes with the blood and i'm already on blood thinner injections from the clot in my lung. i have gone through so much it seems and i just finished my 5th round and was just diagnosed a few months ago. i hope your journey goes by better than mine! hopefully we can both reach ned status and can be in remission for the rest of our lives with a wonderful quality to life.
t3_1uijxm-t3_1uijxm-ceimky7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer about 4 years ago.  he had blood in his stool and assumed it was diverticulitis as he had it before.  when he had the scope they found the tumor and was in hospital for about a week.  i believe he had stage 2 and went in for surgery a few weeks later.  it was pretty shocking for us, and i remember having anxiety in the weeks between diagnosis and surgery.  i mean he was walking around living his life with a tumor.    the surgery went well but the part of his colon that was resected opened up and he became septic.  he had a total of 4 surgeries to fight infection, spend 3 months in hospital (one of which in icu fighting for his life), had a cardiac arrest, went into kidney failure, and got a bad hernia.  since then he's had 3 other surgeries to fix all the trauma to the area and has aged tremendously.  about a month ago my uncle was diagnosed as well and left hospital the other day from his surgery.  so yay genetics.
t3_2y99ib-t3_2y99ib-cp7wgfd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8403	hey, thanks so much for coming here to ask us all some questions. i have an ileostomy and would use mayo or watered down oatmeal for texture. please go through your closet and try on some things with your bag filled. people typically empty their bags when the pouch is about 1/3 full.    * i got my ostomy as an emergency surgery when i was 9. i'm 21 now. my colon was close to perforating due to crohn's disease. i was diagnosed when i was 8. i've had a few more revisions since and had my rectum removed last year to make it all permanent.  * i wish someone would have encouraged me to look after my bag myself straight away. my mom was overprotective and changed my bag for me until i was about 13. when i started doing changes on my own i felt a lot more confident and independent and worried much less when my bag leaked in public. i can change my bag in under 5 minutes now.   * i think i got an okay education. i remember watching a video and getting a doll with a stoma but my surgery was really rushed so most education came afterwards. it would have been nice if they told me about opaque bags and smaller bags. i feel they pushed reversal surgery on me too strongly and didn't give me realistic outcomes. most medical professionals i've dealt with see the ostomy in a negative light and can't/choose not to see the many positive aspects of having an ostomy. i asked to have my rectum out when i was about 12. i had inflammation and pain there, i would get discharge coming out every day and it hurt a lot to pass. it fluctuated in severity over the years but typically i would leak anytime i coughed, sneezed, laughed or jumped. it was really embarrassing and painful. it didn't respond to medication and was made worse by the steriod suppositories. they cycled me through different suppositories for years while telling me i was too young to make such a drastic deciison about my body. they inflated the risks, saying i'd have an 80% chance of infertility and a chance of nerve damage. they also said the discharge could be from disuse (got a biopsy when i was 19 that showed it was colitis) and pressured me to have a reversal, promising that i would regain control over my bowels quickly and would likely have 1 bowel movement a day (this is beyond unrealistic, particularly for someone with aggressive crohn's). aside from that i often have nurses tell me how sorry they are that i have an ostomy so young. that pisses me off. i do my best to have them see my ostomy as a positive like i do.   * no, there's not enough community resources. i felt more isolated going to ostomy meetings when i was a kid because most members were in their 70s. i was the youngest person by at least 40 years. thankfully i went to ostomy camp and that became my support system. i have friends all over canada who i can lean on for supports and met most of them through camp. i can honestly say that place saved my life more than once.  *i was bullied viciously in elementary school for my medical issues &amp; seriously considered suicide. i wore wraps over my stomach in jr high until i had a boyfriend in grade 9 and was more embarrassed of him seeing the wrap than my ostomy bag. this past year i had 6 surgeries over 15 months to repair several holes from complications after my rectum removal surgery. the continuous disappointment was the hardest to deal with. i would heal a little and then the tissue would break down again. i was on morphine for the pain and developed a dependence. i stopped taking it after i caught myself thinking about snorting it. i got pretty depressed and would make deals with myself like if this surgery doesn't work, i'm allowed to kill myself. somehow i always found the hope to keep trying. i had really amazing support from my friends and family throughout the ordeal but i hid my suicidal thoughts from them but i talked to my family doctor and she got me in with a psychologist. i didn't like them much. my wound care nurses were my greatest support and i was honest with them about how i was coping. the nurses really pulled me through it.  * when i was a kid i was concerned that no one would ever want to date me because of it but my experiences at ostomy camp gave me confidence and taught me to embrace my ostomy. now i see it as just another body part. i wear shorter bags and empty more frequently so it doesn't show through my clothes. i wear bikinis. i sew myself covers to put over my bags that match my bras and panties for when i want to feel a little more dressy. i have body issues now after all the surgery over the past year. i have a cord of scar tissue along my vaginal wall due to all the tunneling wounds post-op. my original rectal surgery was textbook great but a resident accidentally tore my incision line about a week out and that became the issue for 15 months. i now have reduced sensation vaginally (though that may improve over time), reduced bladder control (should improve as swelling goes down), painful intercourse (has improved dramatically with vaginal dialators, low dose of tricyclics for the vaginismus, and trail and error for positioning) side note: i'm in an incredible clinic created by a nurse practitioner. it's called the oasis clinic at the edmonton cancer hospital. it's specifically for cancer patients but i called and explained my body and they got me in right away. so i'm nervous now about people seeing and feeling my new body. i have a big new scar running down my whole inner thigh (crotch to knee), a scar across my butt cheek, tons of scar tissue near my vaginal opening, and stretch marks along the scars on my butt and thigh as they were skin graft/ muscle transfer sites. my weight fluctuated a lot over the year too. i lost 20 lbs rapidly (minor crohn's flare) and have now gained 40 lbs as i was fairly sedentary over the year and eating a ton of protein to try to speed up healing. i had a boyfriend who was very supportive throughout the surgeries and very encouraging when i was feeling down about my body but we recently broke up so now i'm finding i have to find ways to feel good about my body again on my own &amp; not rely so much on external validation.    * i don't think i'm affected much socially. i think i was hesitant to talk to people as a kid because of all the bullying but i've been confident since jr.high and talk openly about my ostomy.  * psychosocially it's hard to tell. i've been anxious and pick at my skin for as long as i can remember. i think having crohn's affects me more than the ostomy because of the uncertainty. i've had a few incidences of pretty serious depression and suicidal ideation over the years. i think it is linked to my experiences with crohn's and also family stuff but anyone with a chronic illness is far more likely to also experience anxiety and/or clinical depression. i used to cut myself &amp; i think that was very related to crohn's ... not so much as to the reason i was depressed but for how i chose to cope with my emotions. i got sick when i was 8 and became used to physical pain. i understood it and knew i could deal with it but emotional pain was too much for me to handle. looking back i wonder why my doctors and nurses never talked to me about it. they must have seen the cuts when they examined me. it was all pretty obvious. i eventually did get help and stopped but still, no one said anything. in more recent years a few doctors have asked me about the scars to check if i'm ok now but no one said anything when it was actually happening. there was a serious gap in emotional supports available when i was first diagnosed. i know some hospitals set patients up with a social worker now after any diagnosis. i also think that language used to speak to patients is really important in getting them to open up about any emotional distress. like asking "what brings you in?" instead of "how are you" as we're conditioned to just say good.   sorry this is waaaaay longer than i intended. i hope it's helpful. please let me know if you have any other questions.
t3_3tbgpm-t3_3tbgpm-cx4qsmy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it's something that the doctor just wants to note that it's there. if another doctor examines you in 6 months it won't be a total shock.   colon cancer can grow quickly so anything abnormal should be noted and kept under investigation.
t3_1k5bnf-t1_cblt9ln-cblwli2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6749	i'm 25, i have been smoking for about 10 years now. i started when i was 16. i use to take alot of ibuprofen between 8-12 months ago because my sacroiliac joint started causing my lower back pain. i didn't know what was causing it, so i self medicated on 800mg motrin i had left over from other issues. once i started to get up to 6 per day, i broke down and finally saw a doctor about it. to be honest, i only did that because i couldn't physically pass my physical fitness test anymore due to the pain. after i was diagnosed, i was given 12 sessions of physical therapy; one visit per week. i was prescribed a two week supply of hydrocodone which i didn't finish, because it kinda turns me into a verbally abusive rage monster. on top of the hydro i was perscribed two 30 day supplies of robaxin. so, i've been medication free for about 6 months. since then i have been continuing the at home stretches and no longer require any pain relievers to keep it set. i've learned to pop it in to place myself which alleviates the pain. i have been eating a lot antacids lately (mostly tums), if that counts as medication. i've had occasional heartburn for as long as i can remember, but it turned into everyday about two weeks ago. it has kept me up at night quite a bit, but not too often. i do drink alcohol every now then and when i do it's usually gin mixed with coke, or any other clear liquor. i hate the taste of beer, so i don't touch it. i drink about twice a month and it's never to get hammered, just buzzed. i had three gin and cokes the night before, hence the del taco. no dizziness that i can recall. both my parent have acid reflux and my younger brother has high blood pressure. my mother's father had a heart disease (not sure what kind) on top of skin cancer, colon cancer, and lung cancer (or so i'm told). my father's father has adult diabetes, which i'm not sure how he developed it. he was always physically fit for his age, so it wasn't due to obesity. i do not have blood in my stool and i have not thrown up again since this morning. that's all i can think of for now. if you can think of anything else then please ask. thank you.
t3_3jdd3c-t1_cuo92e8-cuok1n3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	go and get a second opinion!!!! even if it means going to emergency or as u/readk suggested talk to your own doctor. colon cancer is very treatable, 2 months can mean the difference between stages. don't wait.
t3_122wvp-t1_c6rt7eb-c6rug3v	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6742	i cried when i first saw the trailer too months ago. it is already a very moving and powerful trailer and i first saw it shortly after finding out about my (relatively young) mother being diagnosed with "inoperable stage 4 colon cancer." it probably sounds silly but the trailer really hit me. the music. the emotion. talking about our lives, how they criss cross and intersect with others, how our acts of kindness and our evils affect our "future lives." sadness, love, anger, hope... i was sitting at work watching it with headphones and just lost it. that was the first i had even heard about this film (or the book.) i was entranced. i am happy to say that two weeks ago after another opinion, chemo, radiation, and two separate ten hour surgeries, the tumor has been removed, the margins are clear, and the prognosis is good. i am going to see the film tonight at midnight. :) after i call home and tell my mother how much i love her...
t3_2w139w-t3_2w139w-commx18	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6703	my boyfriend thought he had colon cancer for two months (thanks webmd) until he finally got his shit (literal) tested. he has a negligible intestinal parasite that he has to take antibiotics for. not nearly as imminent as the internet made it sound.
t3_tbe8e-t1_c4lcl8s-c4ld8da	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i went to the doctor that diagnosed my dad with colon cancer. i was having blood in my stool so i went to him twice and he told me it was fissure without looking at me. i was upset because it was getting worst so i went to another doctor and he didnt do anything. at the time i was bleeding i thought i had mono but never got checked for it. i later found out that mono without getting sick is a sign of cancer. so finally i went to a different doctor and he had me do a colonoscopy and they found a tumor 3 inches from my anus. it was stage 3 and ive had 2 or 3 lympnodes with cancer out of 15. i currently see second doctor i mentioned for insurance purposes only. and yeah he was surprised a little (hes a young guy). my dads doctor was really surpised when he heard the news.
t3_3b7b8p-t1_csk3rua-cslfbpp	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7881	one of my oldest friends was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer at 36 years old. poor thing had so much done to her intestines. she couldn't even celebrate when she was cleared because between the chemo, radiation, surgeries, and losing a good chunk of bowel, she spent days on the toilet. luckily she is healthy now and while i haven't asked, i believe that she can now shit normally. i'm fairly certain that she probably celebrated her first solid shit like it was made of gold.
t3_1wflgh-t1_cf20xjx-cf219hp	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7671	yeah, i can't even imagine how tough that is. my dad's passing was very peaceful, he was in home hospice care and i spent the two weeks he was sick giving him all the love i had and saying my goodbyes. i'm happy that he didn't suffer long, but still... it's impossible.   i think colon cancer is pretty similar. sometimes it can be very stealthy and hard to detect. that was the case with my dad. what actually happened was he had a wound on his chin that had gotten really deep (he had a disorder that made it very hard for wounds to heal) and so he went to the doctor to let him look at it... came home talking about life expectancy and hospice. it's very heartbreaking.
t3_1nx0sx-t1_ccmxjbm-ccn1aem	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7431	colonoscopies and sigmoidoscopies are indeed icky. i have stage four rectal cancer but it was just at a point where they got it in time before it had spread to anywhere else. i was amazingly lucky that we got to it in time. another couple of months and i'd have been past the point of no return.
t3_2d3jhs-t3_2d3jhs-cjofhqv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6023	your post reminds me so much of my ex husband so forgive the wall of text but i have to tell you this story.   he'd had crohn's since he was 19. probably for years before that but that's when he got diagnosed. we met when he was 26 and 4 years before that he'd had his colon removed because of all the damage that had been done.   before i met him, he said he was in and out of the hospital at least every 6 months. he was so sick of medicine and hospitals and getting poked over and over.   i experienced his first flare about 6 months after meeting him. it was horrible and i didn't know what to do for him. he ended up hospitalized and very low on blood. that's when i found out about remicade every 8 weeks. he didn't have insurance but they had an assistance program and i kept him qualified for it every 6 months. he stayed on remicade and wasn't sick for the entire 3+ years that we were together and married.   during that marriage we decided to have a child. we hoped they wouldn't have crohn's but figured if they did, it wouldn't be until they were an older teen. our daughter was born in 2005 and unfortunately at age 6 she was diagnosed with crohn's herself. i hate it but i'm at least glad that i had a clue about it and got her diagnosed quickly.   my ex and i split when she was 6 months old. we got married way too soon and didn't get along at all. he had alcohol issues and wasn't responsible at all. not to mention he probably had some mental issues (bipolar maybe and some depression).   he went right back to his old ways of not taking care of himself. he was constantly in and out of the hospital again. drinking alcohol, smoking cigarettes at times and who knows what else to make his crohn's even worse. no preventative medicine and as soon as the hospital had his bleeding stopped, he would leave and start the cycle all over again. he had a tiny piece of his colon left so that he was able to use the restroom normally, without a colostomy bag, because he was so against having that. even tho they warned him over and over about how he would probably get cancer because of it.   i never understood why he couldn't just take care of himself. did he like people feeling sorry for him when he was sick? did he just want some attention?   his health just got worse and worse. for some reason he started having seizures too. and it just went downhill from there. i had to redo our custody paperwork to take away joint custody and just have sole custody of our daughter with him having supervised visits (he lived with his mom so it wasn't too hard to do). the last time he tried taking care of her alone was last halloween and he got lost trick or treating and i had to go find them in a strange neighborhood while they sat on a dark corner and waited for me. i always said he was like dealing with an elderly person with alzheimer's. no short term memory and just a mess. an old man in a young man's body.   3 months ago i took my daughter to her classmate's birthday party. i didn't realize i had missed a call from his mom. she left a voicemail asking me to call her back as soon as i could and i just knew. i called her back and she told me she had just found him in his bed dead. i had played out this conversation in my head a million times over the years because of his unwillingness to go to the hospital until he absolutely had to, but when i finally heard those words i was completely in shock!   apparently he had been sick again for about a month. our daughter hadn't been going over lately to see him because of his condition. he was so sick of going to the hospital that he honestly just gave up and let himself get sick enough and lose enough blood that he really did die. writing it now, i still can't believe it.   the night before he had tried taking a shower and fell. he didn't really hurt anything but he'd had an accident all over the bathroom floor and his mom had to clean it up. you could even see stains leading from his room to the bathroom. it's so hard to see a 38 year old man who i once loved and married turn into this.   he had always wanted his body donated to science so his mom set it up and that's what was done. she received his cremated remains in the mail last week and they sit on top of a table in the livingroom next to a picture of him and our daughter.   please don't give up. please keep fighting and please keep taking your medicine. keep researching and learning and doing what you have to do to fight this horrible disease.
t3_2stlr0-t3_2stlr0-cnsuul5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6644	this sounds similar to what happened to my mom. but hers was colon cancer, and a tumor wasn't allowing something to close properly. and hers was found in a colonoscopy. hopefully you can figure it out soon, it took about 5 months to get hers figured out.
t3_2ev036-t3_2ev036-ck36ont	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7779	tl;dr: brandon was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer at age 29.  after some chemotherapy he was in remission, but, it came back aggressively 4 years later right as his daughter was born.  he was unable to get life insurance as a result of his cancer diagnosis.
t3_2jozko-t3_2jozko-cldw56u	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know why the law is so strict about this. what right do you have to force a person to live through cancer? that is literally one of the worst things a human being can go through, and sometimes death is easier. i've watched as my grandfather has undergone treatment for his colorectal cancer, and i know how much it has affected him. he's lost so much weight, he's horribly depressed, and incredibly weak. if his cancer was diagnose as being certainly fatal, i would try to persuade him against it, but if it was his firm decision, then i shouldn't be able to take that away from him.
t3_4yygnx-t3_4yygnx-d6sb0ex	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5645	my parents got divorced around age 6, and i saw my father until about age 9. there are differing stories about why we stopped seeing each other, and i have chosen not to worry about it. i also lost touch with his side of the family. i saw my dad once after about 18 years, and then lost contact for another 5. then i was working for someone as a temp, and one of their clients was my uncle on my dad's side. he called in one day and i told him who i was. i reconnected with my father and that side of the family. the year before, he had been diagnosed with colon cancer and was in remission. i made sure to see him regularly after that. it was always awkward and we tried to avoid any topics that were about the past. my uncle tells me that after the cancer, my father was like a different person. i had to put a lot aside in order to reconnect with him (he completely douched my mom over, and ruined all of our lives) and sometimes that was hard to deal with. but in the end, it was the right decision. his cancer came back and he died in 2014.  i was there for him at the end, and i think that really meant a lot to him. i would always have regretted it if he had died before i saw him, or if i had rubbed his face in his bad behavior. he knew what he had done and regretted his life like no one i have ever seen. but i was able to get closure, and that matters.   edit for clarification
t3_2ll522-t3_2ll522-clwfkwz	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	as a woman that just lost her 42 year old husband to colon cancer, i find it irritating that routine screening is generally not covered (or recommended) by insurance until age 50! my husband was diagnosed at age 38 and his oncologist said he likely had the tumor growing for 10 years before symptoms arose. had he been screened at age 30, he might have been diagnosed much sooner and may have actually survived this damned disease.
t3_1rycda-t3_1rycda-cdsl9ec	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6709	when my dad was diagnosed woth colon cancer the intern/doctor walked in at 6 a.m. and told him he had terminal cancer. my dad was all alone (my mother wasn't there yet) and he was freaking out. when his actual doctor came in he found out he wasn't terminal, just stage 3c. the intern was fired.
t3_4wa2fb-t3_4wa2fb-d65pn44	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8419	my biological dad and my uncle both had colorectal cancer last year. they both had the same symptoms of sporadic intense lower right quadrant pain (similar to gallbladder pain, my bio dad actually had his removed a few months before finding his cancer because they thought that was the issue) and bloody stools.... colonoscopy found their tumors. my bio dad was found very early on, had 6 months of chemo and radiation and all scans have been clean since. my uncle was found to have stage v metastatic cancer spread to his liver, he had surgery to remove the tumors after they were shrunk with 6 months of chemo but he wound up in liver failure and died after 3 days in a coma.
t3_2dgzsq-t1_cjpt1jg-cjpteog	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; scott putesky  aaaand google tells me with it's suggested searches, after typing scott putesky, cancer, and he has colon cancer and he is 46.  i lost a coworker of mine to colon cancer 4 months ago. he was either 46 or 47, had a wife and 3 kids.   sorry i was enjoying interneting and then i crash landed in cold hard reality for a minute there. i hope he recovers. fuck
t3_30joz6-t1_cpt356v-cptb2no	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	came here to say this. if you have hpv 16/18/that weird strain which increases your cancer rate for like stomach or colon cancer by fucking 40% and keeps me up at night, it would be probably be a deal breaker, but there's really no way for me to ever know. if you have some random hpv strain i can't name, then i probably wouldn't care.   if you have full blown warts, i am not getting physical with you. you're probably very nice, it's super unfortunate, but it's not going to happen.
t3_3ovp5g-t1_cw1led0-cw1ll2t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	sadly, as someone working in the field i have to point out that not only that uncureable means that he can't beat it. all he can hope for is that chemo will push it back and maximise his lifespan. but also that young patients with colorectal cancer have worse prognosis and shorter median lifespans then older patients.      some sources:   http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/25415667   http://www.esmo.org/conferences/past-conferences/european-cancer-congress-2013/news/younger-age-in-patients-with-metastatic-colorectal-cancer-associates-with-poorer-outcome      now i get why i being downvoted for it, no one wants to hear the bad news. but i think there is a dose of reality needed.   i hope he beats the odds, i hope he leads a long and happy life. but being young and healthy is not in his favour.      ~~so downvote away for clearing up some misinformation.~~ edit: just because i'm sad does not mean i can be a dick. sorry.
t3_1rpwpk-t1_cdporcu-cdq18yh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i lost my dad to colon cancer my dad told me he didn't want to give up so he wouldn't have to leave my mum and i. it's tough man. and i am sorry you had to endure that.
t3_1pwga7-t1_cd6z9gk-cd70by3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6557	my dead beat lymphoma (six tumors disappeared) twice with stem cell transplant and highest possible dose of chemo. but as it was already stage 4 when discovered and as lymphoma can pop up practically anywhere near the body, it came back and he passed after 20 months. the doctors had initially told him he might last three. he never complained the whole time, but it was worst when he had a tumor smash his colon shut. they had to perform removal of that part of his colon and then put in a colostomy bag. the recovery was brutally painful for him and they gave him dilaudid also. he had a crazy response to it and became delirious to it and didn't recognize his own kids and family. he had hallucinations and slipped in and out of reality becoming scared and frantic when he would realize he was in a hospital and on his deathbed. it was almost too much to bear to witness his mind slipping away. we had the doctors take him off of it when it was determined he would still pass regardless of their best efforts. my mother said he wanted to die with his dignity, even if it was painful. better to be in some pain and die surrounded by family and know who they are then in no pain and surrounded by strangers in a drug stupor, i guess is what he was thinking. please don't mistake my sharing this as being negative towards your experience. i pray that your story has a much happier ending and i'm glad that it's gone pretty positively so far. stay strong!   edit: misspelled word
t3_2navt7-t3_2navt7-cmbzouj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7472	my dad was dying of colon cancer because of the shit he put into his body. he was closeted his entire life and i believe this was the reason for the addictions. he was found after a couple of weeks and i wasn't surprised, just in shock. that was in 2001. i wish that he had been able to be open and live his life, but it just didn't happen. he was my dad and i love him for bringing me into this world. i hope i have learned to live my life as i want, at least as a lesson from his death.
t3_4lznj3-t3_4lznj3-d3rwe1t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; nmom gets diagnosed with stage 2 colorectal cancer    ... is it terrible that i giggled a little when i realized that your mom had butt cancer?    because i did.    anyhow, i don't have any advice--the only thing that really works with n-families like this is distance, and even inter-continental distances aren't 100% effective.    i'm glad that you have some awesome support in the form of your husband.  the man is bullshitproof.  so long as he's on your side--and that sounds pretty dang firm--you have the backup you need to get through this.
t3_10ojp3-t3_10ojp3-c6fdb5m	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	it is popularized because it's preventable with early screening. it's wildly treatable when caught earlier. plus, like others have said, it's a cause normal people can stand behind (as opposed to, say, colon cancer where everyone's first response is "please don't talk about my butthole").
t3_351aou-t3_351aou-cr1njme	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6639	my father was diagnosed with rectal cancer when i was 15, i am now 19 almost 20 and he's okay but still has some issues due to them removing his rectum. i am so sorry and although i don't understand the loss, i do understand the whole path with a family member going through that. during the time your father went through all that, did he experience major mood swings like my father did?
t3_2e7b1a-t1_cjwx22h-cjxf5dn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6915	reminds me of this poor guy i saw who was undergoing chemo for colorectal cancer w/ mets to the liver and lungs. he was jailed earlier that week for not paying 2 parking tickets. expected to undergo chemo then return to jail. nonviolent, not long for this earth. 2 parking tickets. i'll let you guess his demographics.
t3_1lxjq2-t1_cc45k5x-cc4ffpl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	no problem.  unfortunately, colon cancer is a rough one to catch early on (that's why they tell people to go in for their colonoscopy).  i passed bright blood (visibly red).    the first time i did, it scared the hell out of me and i didn't tell anyone.    the second time i passed it (a few months later), i called a doctor, and he asked my age, about any family history, and then told me i had nothing to worry about.  it was exactly what i wanted to hear, so i accepted that.  he also told me if i kept bleeding to call back.  a few months later, i passed blood again, and i knew by this time that something bad was up.  i went over to the hospital, and told them that i'd passed more blood.  they still thought i had nothing to worry about, due to my young age and my lack of family history, but they set me up to have a colonoscopy anyway.  when that was performed, they found a tumor.    then when they opened me up, they found another tumor in my liver.  since then its been a slow progression of tumors to all the other areas.   hope this answers your questions, if you have more, feel free to ask.
t3_2buiyk-t3_2buiyk-cj9mpja	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i honestly thought that this was going to be someone with colon cancer getting mad that someone is trying to cure it. "it is who i am, not a disease!  why would i want to cure it when it isn't harmful to me?  #ableism"
t3_1qoaui-t3_1qoaui-cdeww2r	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6752	i always check after i am done to see if there is any blood or parasites in there. a friend of mine lost his uncle because he failed to notice he had blood in his feces for months, being very late on his colon cancer diagnosis.   not that i would use this, just saying your excrement isn't something you shouldn't look at.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cdruxy3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my father was shaving when he noticed a lump on his neck. after realizing it wasn't going anywhere he went to the doctor, who told him it might be an infection and prescribe him some antibiotics. my father is incredibly stubborn, so he didn't take them. six months later, the lump had grown and my mom made him get it checked out. the biopsy showed it was stage iv squamous cell carcinoma of the tongue and throat. six months of chemo and 180 radiation treatments later he was declared cancer free. that was seven years ago, and since then they've found polyps in his colon (but no cancer yet) and now he has parkinson's, but he's cancer free!   don't be stubborn. if you find a lump where there shouldn't be a lump, get it checked out. my dad could have saved himself some major pain if he would have dealt with the lump in april instead of six months later.
t3_4l840a-t3_4l840a-d3l6j8i	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thank god i voted for obama in 2008 and i got covered through the aca because i think this post is going to give me rectal cancer
t3_3ybcz6-t3_3ybcz6-cyc6j8e	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6607	i dont understand i am a colon cancer survivor and i had several symptoms before i went into the hospital certainly you had some symptoms as well didn't you?
t3_30hbky-t1_cpsjpjc-cpt4zet	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5016	i was diagnosed with rectal cancer after exactly the same symptoms as mr ff.  the docs all told me it was incredibly unlikely that i had cancer (i'm 44), but there it was.  diagnosed exactly a year ago today.  what a year.  healthy now, i'm happy to say.  anyway, just wanted to mention.  i've had multiple docs now tell me that more people in their 40's are getting colorectal cancer - though it's still statistically very unlikely versus hemorrhoids given the symptoms.  but as you say - check with your doc if there's blood somewhere it shouldn't be...
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46v0yt	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7267	i am a ten year colon cancer survivor.  everyone's experience is different.  your doctor or nurse will be able to tell you more what to expect from your kind of chemo. here's my advice.  ask as many questions as you need to until you understand.  get up  and get dressed every day.  this is a time when you have very little control.  find someone you can tell the scary stuff to.  mine was my mom because i didn't think my husband was up to it.  he was going through his own hell. i told him yesterday that i had considered killing myself. ( i had had a stroke too and was afraid of another) try to find something worthwhile to do.  i volunteered at a sr. day care center twice a week and they knew some days i might not be up to it.  if someone tries to tell you a cancer story about someone they knew who had your kind of cancer.  stop them and ask if the story has a happy ending because if it doesn't, you aren't up to hearing it.  it doesn't have to sound mean and it works.  i saw a therapist during my treatment (6 mo) who specialized in oncology.  if it hasn't been offered, ask about it if you think it might help.  it'll help.  i know you are scared but try to stay positive and surround yourself with positive people.  someday you'll be giving advice on how to deal with this very situation.  feel free to pm me any time.
t3_1q9b4d-t1_cdaibq9-cdantkn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i found out i have stage 4 colon cancer this past february. i'm 24 years old. i've been doing one of the hardest treatments there is, it doesn't make you lose your hair but its just sickening. one of the drugs makes it so that i'm very cold sensitive and get horrible numbness and neuropathy for about 5 days. some of the neuropathy sticks around though which is why they took me off the drug, they don't want the tingling in my hands and feet to become permanent. it also makes you horribly nauseous for a few days and i have to wear a fanny pack around my waste for 46 hours that has a pump inside that i take home with me. i don't have it as hard as others but chemo is pretty much just pumping poison into your body.
t3_4k8ncz-t3_4k8ncz-d3d8djy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8029	my dad died from colon cancer when i was 22. we had a very complicated relationship, and at the time of his passing, we hadn't spoken in a few years.  sometimes i think we'd probably understand each other better now that i'm older and a parent myself. i'm not sad he isn't around, because he wasn't really around when he was alive. i hope he would have at least made an effort with my kids, but deep down, i think it probably would have been exactly like my childhood, and my babies don't deserve that.
t3_em585-t3_em585-c195vxa	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7989	i went though the same thing 10 years ago with my father. diagnosed with colon cancer and fought it with everything he had for 3 years. i didn't really understand it all when i first found out about it at 14 years old. i slowly learned more and more about what he was going through up until he passed away just before my 17th birthday.  anything you need to say...you need to say it now...even it is just to tell him you love him. i wasn't given the chance my brothers and my mother had to speak to him due to he was too scared to let me know how bad it was seeing as i was still just a kid; i came home to my father in a drug induced coma to ease the pain of him passing. i'm still bothered 10 years later from it all, but i've done the best i can to be half the man he was to me. i wish i could have spoken to him before it became one-sided, but i can understand how hard it was for him to leave his child behind to become a man. i had to tell him that i was going to be fine...that i loved him for everything he did for me and for how hard he fought...but it was okay not to fight anymore. these are things you need to get off your chest before you cannot anymore. what i was told was going to be three weeks of suffering, only turned out to be three days. make the most out of your time left together.
t3_412yij-t3_412yij-cyz982v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	first you have to realize that rectal cancer first spreads to the liver. while it may seem bad now, it's good that it was found now rather than it spreading any further. i went through the same diagnosis a little over a month ago and yes it is terrifying but people do react different ways. your dad just might want some alone time. just let your parents know that you will be there for them through thick and thin.  be sure to accompany him on important doctors visits because they can be quite taxing mentally. get a couple of consults and opinions from different doctors is probably the best advice i could give.
t3_1mq7qq-t3_1mq7qq-ccbl8i7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last checkup with my gp was about six months ago.  i get my lipid/cholesterol panel taken to make sure my diet is doing good things and not bad things.  i see a cardiologist every few months to keep an eye on my heart due to life-long hypertension as well as some symptoms that we haven't sorted out yet.  i see a few other specialists for some chronic issues, and that's it.  for years i didn't give a shit about seeing a doctor because the pediatrician i saw when i was an adolescent was an incompetent hack and i wasn't allowed to find anyone else.  last year i started to give a shit about myself, though.  i never thought i'd be getting a doctor's fingers up my ass or getting checked for colon cancer at such a young age, but i did because i had concerns and i didn't want to put them off for years anymore (all clean, by the way).  i've never been admitted to the hospital without being there for a scheduled surgery or procedure.
t3_4paso6-t1_d4jue2b-d4jusmv	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am sorry to hear that but i'm glad you're prioritizing your health. my father put his colonoscopy off cause he was scared and ashamed to do it. then one day when he was about 54 he noticed blood in his feces and it didn't go away for many days. so he scheduled a colonoscopy and they found he had stage 3 colon cancer. they ended up having to remove about 1 foot of his descending colon. thankfully they did not have to remove any portion of the sigmoid colon or rectum, otherwise he may have had to use a colostomy bag for the rest of his life. he is 61 now and cancer free! the dumbest part is he is a physician and he knows all about the risks, but no one is immune to fear.
t3_1kslld-t3_1kslld-cbsd0p2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	did it really need the "i have colon cancer" bit at the end, with bits of his hair shaved off? have some compassion for people that have had their lives destroyed by cancer for god's sake. it's not as if veggies are immune from colon cancer. in fact some studies suggest that while cancer is generally lower in veggies,[ colorectal cancer is actually higher](http://ajcn.nutrition.org/content/early/2009/03/11/ajcn.2009.26736m.abstract)! this was a pretty disgusting finale to an otherwise funny video.
t3_1ff2dz-t3_1ff2dz-ca9oto9	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad has stage 4 colon cancer that metastasized to his liver and lymph nodes too. he is 69 and is considered to be in remission. the doctors gave him approximately 5 months to live (with chemotherapy) after the mass was removed. he took several different types of chemo, but none really worked. he is now taking avastin. it seems to work really well. depending on where tour boyfriend's father is located, he could receive the experimental treatment tace. my father is in georgia, and i do not know if it is available in other places. anyway, this works by injecting little pellets into the liver and "pulling" the growths off. i believe this was the game changer of my father's cancer. there is also an experimental drug that disables the protein cd47 in the cancer cells to tell it not to attack the healthy cells. the group that is putting cd47 on is located at stanford university led by dr. irving weissman. if you have any more questions, feel free to reply of pm me.
t3_3ybcz6-t3_3ybcz6-cyc5660	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	this hits close. my dad recently got diagnosed stage 4 colon cancer spread to liver. doctors said its too spread to perform surgery so all there is to do is chemo to try and keep it at bay and hope that it extends his life as much as possible. he just began the treatments, had 3 so far and has been having a real hard time with it. anything in particular that helped you go through the chemos?  i live in another continent and have to go home in 2 weeks and im scared shitless this will be the last time i see him.
t3_3srpwf-t3_3srpwf-cwzuzas	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi there!   i have colon cancer too. i am no doctor but i have gathered quite a bunch of experiences... what my doctors told me leads me to think that these few days do not interfere with her outcome. don't beat yourself up about it.   i wish you all the best!
t3_1cav1h-t1_c9eub0w-c9eyydn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	colon cancer runs in my family so when i found blood in my stool i was relieved to find it was just an anal fissure.
t3_2eyspw-t3_2eyspw-ck4gkxj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6782	i have had 8 colonoscopies in the past five years. i never prep well but holy shit is conscious sedation amazing. hopefully only have one left to confirm i have no colorectal tissue left and therefore require no more cancer screening.  i always spend copious amounts of time grooming the night before/morning of. i don't know why. i probably have the nicest butt either of my gis have scoped. but still. better ensure it is pristine.
t3_4jngdf-t3_4jngdf-d3exvr7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom, sisters, brothers, and i lost our father to stage 4 colon cancer in august of 2008. he battled it for 3 years after having all kinds of surgeries and his voluntary stopping of chemo/radiation. he kept a straight mind up until the last couple months, even though the cancer had spread to his lungs, his bones, kidneys, and finally his brain. we were afraid to lose him. he literally rescued my mother from a terrible childhood that i can't even bring myself to speak of, whether or not anyone knew who i truly was on reddit. anyhow, he rescued her from a life of hell. he was 30, she was 16, he married her and took her away from that hell-hole. granted, this was 1978 and it wasn't frowned upon for a girl to marry a man nearly twice her age. but, she was so afraid to lose him. i was afraid to lose him. the moment she said, "it's okay. you can go now," he kissed her (after being in a coma for 4 days) and told her he loved her. i tell you that to tell you this:  for my entire life, i knew my father was sick. not a single soul believed me. i mean...when i was 4 i asked my dad every day what was wrong with him, but he always said, "nothing". granted, nothing actually looked wrong with him...it was just a gut feeling i had always had. i knew i'd lose him while i was young. he never went to the doctor until he had a heart attack and the doctors at the hospital insisted on a follow-up. the cancer had put stress on his heart, then bam. stage 4 cancer. at 65 years old, i was 23, he finally realized she was going to be okay without him and let go.  death isn't pretty, not by far. i hope (pray, if you don't mind) for you peace and comfort, and i'm sorry for your loss. i was broken into a billion, million pieces after losing my father...i can't imagine losing my mother. i'm so sorry.  edit: he smoked for 50-some-odd years. out of those years, the only time he didn't smoke was while in his coma and the last 20 minutes of his life that he was awake. 5:16 am will forever haunt me. i still wake up at that exact time most mornings for just long enough to see that it is, indeed, 5:16 am.
t3_45jf8t-t3_45jf8t-czyjosk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6764	my mother had stage 4 rectal cancer.  she was doing chemo and radiation at the same time for it, unfortunately those weren't helping her.  she asked her oncologist for a change and went to only chemo and a different cocktail and she was good, a lot of complications but shes five years free from rectal cancer.  a year after having the tumor removed the cancer metastasized to her brain, she had cyber knife surgery done and she's been free from brain cancer for 3 years.   there is hope, be diligent but also respect her wishes.    i don't have experience with cancer in the liver and i hear that having any part removed is very painful but the liver regenerates which is a plus.    as i said though, you have to be tough and soft.  my mother was going to give up when the first round of treatments weren't working, she said she felt as though she could feel herself dying inside, i pushed for her to try again and she's still here.   i hope that your mom pulls through too.
t3_31mlrn-t1_cq2xxpm-cq2yc5g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6759	good, i don't want to be awake!  glad i get results right away.     i am nervous -  there is no family history of stomach, intestinal or rectal cancers. however; my mom has had 2 different types of cancer (breast and skin), and 2 benign tumors (uterus and brain).     the dr hasn't said anything about cancer (he only asked if there was a history of colon cancer), but still....
t3_4gcgiq-t3_4gcgiq-d2gofiz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7721	im sorry. i know this is scary.  fwiw my mother survived two bouts of colon cancer and dies of something else at age 96.  its probable that if it is cancer its very early and can be successfully dealt with.  i hope this helps a bit.  my mother resume playing tennis after her fist bout (age 72) and had an easy recovery after her second bout -age 83.  my mother  lead a very healthy life but got cancer anyways  so while your dad's somewhat unhealthy life may not have helped his situation it also may not have cause it.  prepare to be told that he needs further treatment but i think you can be cautiously optimistic about the long term prognosis.  it is scary-hang in there and update us.  feel free to pm me
t3_2kgim0-t1_cll3rzz-cll60ck	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7544	i eat 6 in one day (not everyday but its been like 2-3 times a week for about a 3 weeks now) plus half box of those demonic outshine no sugar added fruit bars i just discovered. colon cancer here i come!
t3_2zepja-t1_cpiddbi-cpih8gf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6745	i miss corn, nuts and popcorn. i have an ileostomy too thanks to colorectal cancer but the ostomy is temporary. i get it reversed in late may. i'm amazed by your wonderful attitude! i have not handled it that well. my boyfriend has been amazing and he's totally fine with it but i feel so self-conscious. i can't wait to say goodbye to my stoma.
t3_14ju53-t1_c7dqweq-c7dsa1e	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7958	uhhhh....my father had stage-ii colon cancer and he didn't have to undergo radiation or chemo. he had a competent surgeon who 'cured' his cancer in one operation. he had cancer, then several hours later, he didn't, and after 5 days in the hospital, he was home. he just celebrated 10 years completely cancer free!   and, when he was diagnosed, he immediately refused even the idea of chemo or radiation as it wouldn't have allowed him to die with either dignity or on his terms. he's also a retired 101st airborne paratrooper and korean conflict veteran, so that puts his stubbornness somewhat into context.
t3_16tezg-t3_16tezg-c7z6981	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i thought i had skin cancer, but it turned out to be maybe actinic keratosis or something else, they weren't sure, but they knew there was nothing really bad about it.  i thought i might have cervical or uterine cancer because of excessive bleeding, but it turn out to be fibroids, and i was tested for colon cancer because my dad died of it, but my colon was extremely healthy.
t3_15cgr8-t3_15cgr8-c7l9hoy	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage i rectal cancer early last year, just after starting atkins then keto. i remained on keto during treatment and i believe it helped.  when i had the pet (positron emission tomography) i was injected with a positron emitting form of glucose. the tech said my tumor "lit up like a christmas tree light on the scan. i had been pretty much starving it for a few months before that and i continued to do so afterward.  i've also read that insulin encourages tumors to grow and spread (metastasize). by having a low glucose level i also had a low insulin level. *what's not to like?*
t3_2hzn78-t3_2hzn78-ckxfraa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this didn't happen to me but my best friend. his parents told him when he was 20 that his father wasn't his biological father due to being infertile after having colon cancer and that his real father was just a sperm donor. his parents thought he would be upset but he was okay with it, and now he understands why he is so different from his older siblings.   i mean, your parents are your parents. nothing can change that.
t3_1yxbv0-t1_cfor2sz-cfosxe1	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	so, colon cancer really sucks at having any initial symptoms.  this is why they encourage everyone over 50 to just go get checked.  this didn't/wouldn't help me at all, i was diagnosed at 33, and it had evidently been growing since i was about 19.  i was getting ready for a half-ironman, running, biking, swimming, etc..., and i passed some blood.  it freaked me the hell out, so i didn't tell anyone at all.    a few months later, i passed some more blood, called a doc, who then, after asking about my age and family history (none) told me not to worry. whew!    a few months later, i passed blood yet again, and told the doc "i passed a bunch of blood this morning and i didn't have an...*interesting* night last night, you need to check me out."  i went in, they finally did a colonoscopy (not nearly as bad as you think they are going to be, trust me), and that's when they found the tumor, just a few inches in, and by the next week i was in radiation and chemotherapy.   i always recommend people to go to the damn doctor if something feels off or something isn't right with their body - a hundred visits where it is "just a splinter," or "just a cold" is totally worth them catching something early. trust me.
t3_3mgp3f-t3_3mgp3f-cvf08pn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had uncomfortable digestive symptoms for a year or so that couldn't be explained. her doctor ordered a colonoscopy and discovered colon cancer. she quickly had surgery and recovered well.   she decided that it was important that my dad be screened just in case. turns out he also had colon cancer. six months after my mom's surgery, my dad had a portion of his colon removed as well and recovered quickly.   after recovery, my mom still had the same initial symptoms. it turns out she was lactose intolerant. since both parents had colon cancer and no tell tale symptoms, my mom decided i needed to be screened as well.  so my mom becoming intolerant to lactose later in life lead to me getting an otherwise completely uncalled for colonoscopy at the age of 27. :(
t3_1keyou-t3_1keyou-cboescl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	keep positive and you will beat the crap out of that cancer. i had stage iv metastatic colon cancer and after 2 surgeries and 14 rounds of chemo i am cancer free!  chemo sucks, especially later on but keep going no matter how shitty you feel. you will win.
t3_1yxbv0-t1_cfot2pk-cfqjdek	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6541	good question.  (sorry it took me so long to respond, it's chemo week and i've been sick as a dog)  it was probably like a few teaspoons of bright blood, not much more than that, but bright enough to scare the hell out of me.   it turns out that this is relatively rare - usually blood from colon tumors is "occult" (no, it's not witchy, it's hidden).  this means you don't see it, it just mixes in with your crap (literally).  my tumor was actually a rectal tumor, so it was just an inch or two in from the exit, so the blood didn't have time/space to mix in.  it was freaky as hell to see.  my recommendation if you see any blood is to go to the doc.  most of the time it's not this bad, it's usually something like hemorrhoids, but by god, better safe than sorry.
t3_162mhu-t3_162mhu-c7sn9i5	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with colon cancer in aug 2010.  i had a foot of colon removed and 4 months of chemo and i was told it is likely ok now.  6 months later i took a follow up cat scan and had a huge tumor in my liver, inoperable as it was wrapped around my hepatic junction.  i was given a year, maybe two if i fought, so i fought.  6 months of chemo and a month of radiation and the doc tells me my bloodwork looks better than some without cancer and he thinks the tumor is dead, so he runs a ct and i go in a week later expecting good news.  i didn't get good news because 2 more spots showed up on my liver.  i run a pet scan but due to the recent high dose radiation, the results are inconclusive.  i get a liver biopsy, and that comes back as cancer free.  that was last week.  i know the biopsy could have missed the spot it was shooting for, so i wait and i will follow up.  i have it in my head that this disease will win someday.  sometime it will show up where it can't be removed or killed.  but...it isn't someday yet and i plan to enjoy my life until someday shows up.
t3_3oiy47-t1_cvxs4o3-cvxstjv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you man. i was sick the last time my dad went to go visit my grandfather, and i was also really into diablo ii (it was a few days before diii came out) so i didn't go with my dad, as we were gonna go see him next week anyways and i didn't feel good. my dad said he was doing really good that day (he was fighting some rough colon cancer or pancreatic i dont remember) and i was feeling confident. day that diablo iii came out, i get a call that my grandfather died. i spent that whole night playing d3 to take my mind off that. it's a shame because i love that game but i can never play it again. and my grandmother died on my birthday the following year :/. i really regret not getting to see them both times
t3_1k2kdh-t1_cbkr843-cbl0spv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer in 2011 and she is doing well! i'm glad your mom is doing good, it makes life just that much better having them around!
t3_1q4obm-t3_1q4obm-cd9v7mx	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father passed away last year, before that he was fighting colon cancer for around 10 month. during the last 2 months cancer has spread to his spine and he was paralyzed below the waist. i was 24 back then.   when he was in the hospital and i watched nurses took care of him i was thinking no way am i be able to do this, so when doctor came in and talked to me and my mom about taking him to the hospice care, i thought it would be good a thing. you know, not just because i don't want to wipe my father's but, but also because i thought i wouldn't be able to provide as excellent care as trained personal would. my mother, however, insisted on taking him home, and i could see that my father was leaning towards it as well, even though he didn't want to bother us that much.  we took him home. he can't walk, he can barely turn from one side to another, you need to give him drugs, you need to make sure there are no bed sores and so on. a lot of things to keep in mind. my mother had a job, i was doing my masters in life science. we certainly could not afford any caretakers. my schedule was somewhat flexible so i was able to spend a lot of time at home, and then i would go to work and my mother would take over. we did everything we could on our own, though my schedule was basically...get up at 7 o'clock, make food, take care of drugs, wash my dad. then go to work and come back around 1-2am, sleep until 7am and then it starts all over again.   there is no way around it, it's tough. the thing is, he's your parent, if you can't change his diaper, then who will. you think, you can't do it, but the thing is....you will. yeah, it's not pleasant, but many things in life are not. life puts us in a position to do things and i feel like you wouldn't have much of a choice. i think we underestimate our abilities to do things for the people we love. i certainly found out a lot about myself. i wouldn't worry too much about all that stuff...it's certainly not easy, but very rewarding.  at the end, i was extremely happy that we took him home. yes, we went through hell and back to take care of him, but it was so much better than to send him to some hospice care clinic and then regret it for the rest of our lives. i still regret a number of things i did or should have done and should have not done or whatever, but at least i know that in terms of my father care i did everything that i thought was possible for him. i didn't back down, i didn't put on someone else....i did it.   now every situation is different. i basically lost 3month of my masters and had to graduate half a year later (small price to pay if you ask me), but at least i was getting paid throughout. some people don't have the same luxury. in some ways i feel like this disease is harder for people around the person...i think if you can afford it (both money and time wise) you should probably try to do as much as possible for your mother. don't doubt yourself, the fact that your are even thinking about it, means that you will do what's needed. you will not like it, but you will step up.
t3_16hynw-t1_c7wy7kn-c7wz7nc	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	the incision is completely healed now. it took alot longer than expected though just because it opened up as soon as they took the staples off. so, no words about surgery yet? for my colon cancer, i had to go for surgery then went for chemo. my case was a full blockage to the point that i could not pass any gas at all. i didn't know i had colon cancer until after they took the tumor out. it was an emergency surgery and luckily, everything went well. i'm sure you'll be ok. just hang tight. it's not gonna be easy, but seeing how tough you are, i'm sure you'll win your fight just like i won mine...  oh and by the way, i just talk to my oncologist and surgeon today about the pathology result. the spots they took of from my liver were not cancer... all 5 of them.. i am so happy right now. i'm telling you this just so you know that everything is possible. i lost hope the 2nd time they told me i had cancer but i fought really hard for the sake of my family. i really hope that everything goes well for you too.
t3_1rj7h1-t1_cdpgih1-cdpt0a4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6766	hey, i hope you didn't take any of what i said personal. i was just trying to offer some honest-to-god feed back.  ive been doing stand up on-off for the past five years and i love it. i'm just trying to pass on the things i wish i'd learnt earlier. you have a voice, a good style. keep pouring all that shit in your heart out on stage, its the only way to improve and find out what works. i've found that most people who start out struggle to be honest, so you're lightyears ahead of them. don't worry about writing things down too much. it can only take you so far. but if you're lacking in stagetime, keep a journal. you can come back and find material from yourself later.  now, regarding that thing in your butt. i had a friend beat colon cancer last year at 26. you got two things going for you, you're young and you have goddamn medical science in your corner, and its the motherflippan undisputed heavyweight champion of kicking cancer right in its stupid, arrogant balls. you've got a squatter in your ass and it's time to evict that motherfucker. fuck squatter's rights. goddamn hippies.  this fight ain't over til you win it, alright?  finally, have you heard tig notario's live album? i think you could draw a lot of strength from it. tig is in my top 5 all time comics. if you pm me your email id be happy to buy it for you.
t3_9zrys-t3_9zrys-c0f6y7h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5065	i remember this guy i knew who got colon cancer  he wrote an article for the paper basically saying, yeah, i got cancer, but i'm gonna fight it, i'm gonna win  long story short, he was dead in like 3 months.
t3_3it21s-t3_3it21s-cujnvo3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	a follow up question:  i have read and heard about colon cancer and that it's potentially a rapid killer if left untreated.   the doctor lead me to believe that the tested polyp was in very early stage. and that having the surgery right away would be the best way to prevent it from spreading/getting worse.  my question is what is the likely time frame for this to develop if idon't have the surgery?
t3_2lilkl-t3_2lilkl-clvft6k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7508	it was an er doctor that diagnosed my mother's stage 4 rectal cancer as a hemorrhoid. it wasn't a hemorrhoid. don't trust anyone who hasn't or won't run any tests.
t3_2kxxod-t3_2kxxod-clq4h4q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6843	get a colonoscopy!  after he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer i got mine done at 35 years old.  he literally saved my life!  i had 9 polyps, 7 if which were pre cancerous.  they told me if i had waited until the recommended 50 years old it would very likely had been too late.  dad died a few months later but his exact words to me towards the end were "knowing that this saved your life makes it all worth it to me"  he definitely didn't deserve what he went through those last few months...
t3_3ycyhm-t3_3ycyhm-cycjy08	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i can't donate to breast cancer research anymore because it means i don't support colon cancer research.  i can't say "i like coffee" anymore because it means i hate tea.  i can't walk in a straight line anymore, because it means i will lose my ability to step to the side.  because in our world everything excludes its opposite.
t3_1llu2u-t1_cc0jrgy-cc0s9mm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7885	i have stage iv colorectal cancer (i'm 31). this means that there is no cure. median life expectancy is 29 months and only 10% survive five years. i just graduated from medical school, but i can't do anything with my md, because i haven't done a residency and i probably won't be able to, given my life expectancy.  i'm telling you this because sometimes you need to take a step back. i did this far too rarely before i got my diagnosis.  to me, you should savor this day. you had a cheeseburger, jerked off, and took a nap. that's a pretty good fucking day in my opinion.
t3_1fmy47-t1_cabzgu1-cac2ns3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am not complaining about kela. as i said previously i would like to live and contribue to this country because in all, this place is rather fair and least shitty from what i have seen in my lifetime.   but in terms of public healthcare, from what i have experienced having lived in other countries, i would rate kela the lowest as it's just basic care. i have had also not so great experiences with kela, as well as what i have heard from others (i.e. my friend not being diagnosed/treated for colon cancer properly). i am happy that everyone can get basic healthcare..but as i can get private service, i do so. you get it now?   you seem bitter man.
t3_2yjrs3-t1_cpakisq-cpakof3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6627	sadly, both of john's parents passed away from cancer last year. it's just john's two siblings now.  i saw him at my aunt's funeral, and he had lost a ton of weight. he said he hadn't eaten because his stomach hurt (we all presumed from stress - he's been caring for his wife).  it was colon cancer and he opted not to treat it. i think he was just done at that point, having lost his son and his wife.  he was ready to go.
t3_230l8q-t3_230l8q-cgsynnt	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6262	i am in about the same boat.  i was diagnosed with colon cancer in the fall of 2010.  we found it had spread to my liver in 2012 - inoperable.  i still work every week day and feel great.  i take chemo and it sucks but i am here for my family, so i do it.  don't get hung up on time.  colon cancer can be slowed down and there is a lot of seriously cool medicine in trials right now.
t3_xuw0c-t3_xuw0c-c5pumeg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have very long hair that i usually tie back into a pony tail. i picked it because i wanted to do something for cancer patients when i found out that my grandpa had colon cancer. i've always had nice black hair and i donate it as often as i can.
t3_3ox65i-t3_3ox65i-cw1afzy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been following tb for about 2 years, give or take. when he announced he was afflicted by colon cancer i could do no less than admire his strong will towards it. he had his chin up the whole time, never once doubting that he could get through it. this is different but i know that he still has the courage to move ahead, no matter how hard it is. he left a legacy to an entire generation of gamers. he pushed consumer culture and empowered customers and content creators. he introduced people to their favorite games. however, i can't imagine how hard it must be for his family, my best wishes go to them.
t3_3odbxm-t3_3odbxm-cvwgk9z	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'd look for a way i could give it to my mom and close family asap so that the least amount is taken away when i pass away.    (for context, terminal stage 4 metastatic colon cancer with a mutation. currently on extended chemo until my body can't handle it or it becomes ineffective).  i don't have a lot of money as it is, but i have all my student loans paid off and no debt, so i feel good about that.  the people i love have been and will be going through enough, i don't want to leave any additional financial burden when i'm gone.
t3_1rwvz3-t3_1rwvz3-cds2sy1	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm 21, my dad is 61 and is the one who had cancer about a year ago. just telling his story.  my dad started noticing something when he would start sweating and he wasn't hot, he was actually really, really cold all the time. he would sweat so much that he couldn't sleep at night. no coughing though. little things would make him so tired, sometimes he would lay in bed all day. he wasn't hungry at all. he had stopped smoking marijuana (which neither i or any of my siblings even knew he did until my mom told me and my older sister) a couple of months previous to all of his symptoms starting up, so he thought it was from withdraw but it just go so bad after he lost a lot of weight that he finally went to get it checked out. it took the doctors a while to diagnose him because they kept checking his colon (first time my dad did that in his whole life and very reluctantly), gallbladder, they even came down to the conclusion that he had tuberculosis because he is from mexico and the virus had been introduced to him as a child through vaccination (that big circle scar that a lot of mexicans have on their arm). it made sense to me as a nursing student because a lot of the symptoms added up and they did a lung biopsy but everything was normal. he was sick with symptoms for several months, 3, maybe 4. when they finally checked for cancer, he ended up being diagnosed with stage 4 hodgkin's lymphoma. the doctor said that if you are bound to get a type of cancer, that was the one to have because it was the one with the highest survival rates. my mom says that my dad swears til this day (because my dad still doesn't know that we know that he smokes marijuana) that stopping smoking it is what caused him to get so sick because he's really a very healthy individual at 61. he still works in an outside job with the elements in all seasons here in texas as a grain elevator operator.  my mom encouraged him to start smoking again while he did chemo and she also made him a pot of this special tea that she got from somewhere deep down in rich, heavily forested mexico, or south america, and he would drink it daily even though it tasted nasty. the marijuana really helped with his appetite and that, combined with the tea that my mom swears by and gives to anyone and everyone she runs into with cancer, is what gave him strength to overcome it. that and for the months that he was not working because of his cancer treatment that he doctor took him out for, he kept working around the house. my dad hated not being able to work and we hated it too because he was so grumpy all the time lol :) just glad my dad is fine again &lt;3
t3_2ztnml-t3_2ztnml-cpmc9jm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8084	i wouldn't say this made me grow the fuck up, more like it made me a different kind of adult; my mom being diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer out of nowhere. she was never a person to get yearly checkups until one day the pain she was trying to soldier through became debilitating. my dad didn't step up like i thought he should've for his *wife* and it altered my view of him which really upsets me. she's in chemo now and fighting it but it has changed me forever.    moral: get your yearly checkups. no one likes fingers all up in their private business but it needs done; grow the fuck up.
t3_4h5fop-t1_d2nj2nb-d2nj8ho	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	he lost his mother to colon cancer in 2013. that doesn't excuse his mistake. but as someone who lost his mother at around the same age as dak to the same disease, i feel for the guy. deep down he's a good dude. just made a very dumb decision.
t3_1qoq2a-t1_cdeywxl-cdez1z4	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6589	&gt; or that i have terminal colon cancer  on the other hand  a regular checkup would have caught that cancer when it was treatable and you could live a long and healthy life.
t3_vhv1l-t1_c54w8a6-c54x06q	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my wife had colon cancer at a 32. she was originally diagnosed with stage 2 cancer (would require chemo, surgery and radiation, basically giving us zero chance of ever having a baby naturally) at stanford, but after reading the reports and analysis we decided to get a 2nd opinion.   long story short it was only stage 0 cancer and all she's needed surgery. it's been 3 years since and we have a wonderful little 2 year old son (he was frontpaged as discovering his shadow a few months ago)  one thing that i learned from going through that process, is when you're dealing with something like cancer, it's tough to ride that emotional rollercoaster b/c the bad news hits you really hard, then you get good news you're up high then you fall down hard with more bad news. so i think this couple is used to not letting the highs get too high and the lows get them down too much.  congrats on being cancer free, as the husband of the cancer survivor give your wife a huge hug for me b/c it's just as tough on her, as it was on you if not tougher. there were times when i had to think, okay what do i do when she dies? no one should ever go through that pain.
t3_1ie03a-t3_1ie03a-cb3r3tp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you have life insurance, don't bother, it'll invalidate it.    cancer came into my life with my mom, i watched her die slowly from colon cancer at 42 (i was 12).  that was followed by my grandfather a year and a half later (glioblastoma).    i was quite depressed through my teens, attempting suicide a few times but always chickening out.  i literally pulled the trigger when i was 18 (thank god the gun went off as i was lining it up for the shot).  that was my first major surgery.  then when i was 30 cancer got into me for the first time.  to say i haven't thought about killing myself since then (i'm getting ready for my third cancer surgery end of august) would be a lie, but having already survived suicide and seeing the other side, there's no way anyone should give up.
t3_1pihx1-t1_cd2ufgt-cd36iwb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7436	found a solid poe:  &gt;retired22 • a day ago − i am a cancer survivor for the last 12 years &amp; i have a very strong feeling that herbs &amp; supplements are what kept me alive! i did not know it at the time,i just used aminos &amp; herbs for general health.when i was diagnosed as having rectal cancer i had radiation treatments to help destroy the cancerous tumor that had developed. the doctor at the clinic told me that i was fortunate in that the tumor was in remission;for whatever reason,it had stopped growing! later on, after successful surgery that removed the tumor,the surgeon who operated on me remarked that he encountered a lot of scar tissue around the tumor he had removed! it is my guess that the supplements that saved my life were arginine &amp; ornithine which i still use!  this has to be a troll, right?
t3_1ujzwn-t1_cek0vq4-cekjhw3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7375	sigh, i understand. i hope they find out what is wrong with me soon cause it drives me crazy, i feel sick most of the day. i had pasta yesterday after about a year and i feel sick sick sick. i hope i can blame the gluten for that, all sort of diseases go through my mind and because my mom had colon cancer i am scared as heck until i find out what is causing all these symptoms. thanks for your thoughts and advice!
t3_3yozrm-t3_3yozrm-cyg3k3m	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7601	my boyfriend in high school was 17 when a colonoscopy turned up with polyps in his colon; he had to have it removed completely.  he had a colostomy bag for a month or two, which i had the pleasure of changing for him (i was more than willing to do it, it was just very hard to keep my composure sometimes what with the stoma sometimes sputtering, and of course the smell).    the point is, he had no idea it was that serious, and he's very lucky that they caught it early on.  honestly not sure what made him get the scope in the first place, but i do know colon cancer ran in his family.    forget about being embarrassed.  advocate for yourself and seek help now.
t3_2ps4bp-t3_2ps4bp-cmzoz6j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well the past year has probably been the worst year. in february i got viral meningitis. in april i had to have emergency surgery. in may i found out that i can never have children. i lost a few good friends to suicide. in september my mom was rushed into emergency surgery for a 5lbs mass in her colon (which caused her large intestine to perforate) and friday we found out that she has lung cancer.   it has honestly been awful but some really amazing things have happened this year too. my mom and i both survived our crazy medical shenanigans, i got accepted into an honors engineering program at a tier one university (going back to school at 27 isn't that awesome haha but i'm doing it) and most importantly my family gets to spend christmas together - even though it may be in a hospital room at the cancer center. things seemed dark at times, soul crushing, world collapsing dark but we made it through. if you are going through a hard time just remember that the only thing you can do is take the next right action and sometimes that next right action is telling your loved ones you care or snuggling up with your dog and crying. as long as you always show up the next day and do what needs to be done you'll be just fine.
t3_2y5isw-t3_2y5isw-cp8eup3	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer with mets to liver in 2012. i had a couple surgeries, radiation, chemo... i found smoking during my chemo helped me tremendously.  i felt very nauseous and had zero appetite and i was prescribed expensive pills that were supposed to help but i could barely swallow the pills without throwing them up because of extreme nausea and when i kept them down they didn't help.  smoking gave me an appetite and cut the nausea so not only could i eat but i kept it down.  the best thing was smoking took my mind away from my constant ill feelings and suffering that the chemo caused. i tell people that the chemo was worse than the cancer and when i got high i was able to forget how crappy i felt... i am a big-time supporter and have first-hand experience that without weed i would have unnecessarily suffered.  pot is illegal in the state i live and i guess i'm a criminal but i'm proud to admit it.
t3_2pdls3-t3_2pdls3-cmw18zn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a hypochondriac. i have been dying of at least fifty different kinds of cancers for most of my life.  at age thirteen, i had a bout with haemorrhoids. i was stalwartly convinced i had colon cancer and would die, that was until i didn't months later. this would probably be the first major health-related panic attack i had.  the same time, i entered puberty and had a few changes you'd expect. i noticed my penile shaft for the first time; i thought i was suffering from peyronie's disease, or a hernia pushing the urethera out. later i suspected i had penile cancer, and that i was to die shortly once again. my fears were later vaporised when i watched porn for the first time and noticed identical features on the male model.  at age fifteen, the abraham cherrix story was on tv, and they mentioned lymphoma. i felt the side of my neck; big mistake. there was a lump there. for three years until my next physical, i was convinced i had lymphoma. i googled lymphoma cures. i told everyone at school i had lymphoma and was going to die, which led to severe bullying. my fears this time were assuaged after the doctor told me the lump in question was simply "shotty" and was not a tumour after all.  in 2007, i had slightly abnormal blood test results. *oh fuck*, it was finally happening. i had cancer for sure. now i had numeric proof; abnormal blood test results. for almost a year, i had once again told everyone i had cancer. this time it was colon cancer once again; my iron levels were below normal. to my great relief once again, this was revealed to be mere thalassemia trait, and i was not in fact bleeding internally from undiagnosed colon cancer.  in 2008, i needed an eye exam. after noticing some white in my iris in a prom picture, i knew i had retinoblastoma. the terror leading up to my eye exam was intense, as that fateful day would surely be the day i learned i was going to die. the eye doctor didn't find retinoblastoma, but did educate me on how it was only found in children.  the most serious was when i was about to graduate high school. after a few episodes in january 2009 of me "jerking awake" mid-sleep, i came to the immediate, irrational conclusion that i had been suffering from a sleep-interrupting brain tumour. what immediately ensued was a period of dizziness and thinking i was losing my balance constantly. after a few google searches, i was led to the "diagnosis" of a diffuse intrinsic pontine glioma, a deadly brainstem tumour that causes similar symptoms. mind you, this is a super-rare tumour that 300 *ten year olds* get per year. it wasn't even in my age range. that wasn't enough to assuage my fears; until august, when i finally got the courage to see the doctor, i had spent every waking moment googling brain cancer cures and information about brain tumours. when i say every moment, i mean *every moment*. all non-school, non-job time was spent parked in front of a computer, googling cancer. this added up to about 12 hours of my day just reading about cancer. i didn't want to sleep in my bed either for some reason; much to the consternation of my parents, i spent 6 months sleeping on the living room floor, couch, and outside on the hammock. all the while, i bemoaned the "fact" that i was dying, suffered intense dizzy spells, headaches. i was fully convinced this was finally it. when i went to the doctor this time, he ruled out a tumour with a five-minute test called a fundoscopy, where he checked for swelling in the back of the eye. almost instantaneously, the dizziness stopped, and i walked out of the doctor's office that hour feeling the best i had felt in six months, elated that i would live to see another day.  it didn't end there. in 2010, i had my first kiss with another guy. instead of enjoying it, i returned to my car to spit it out into an empty pepsi can repeatedly. after all, he had to have had aids, and i was going to get it through kissing. for months i knew i had aids. it was inescapable. the worst part of all, i couldn't tell my parents because of how i got it. i paid out of pocket for an expensive aids test nobody else to this day knows i got; the results were negative. compounding the issue, the nurse at the lab told me i wasted my money when she learned i was a virgin and had only kissed another man. not only that, but she berated me for being "80s homophobic", which didn't help things.  in 2011, i had haemorrhoids once again. this time for three months. you guessed it; colon cancer. was the doctor in 07 wrong? did i have it after all, and did it finally catch up? well, they let up after 6 months, and so did the thought of cancer. during this time, my grades at school slid tremendously, as all i could think about was colon cancer.  in late 2013, i woke up one morning unable to hear out of my left ear. this was an acoustic neuroma, of the rare cancerous type. again, i was fully convinced i was dying. i sought help from the acoustic neuroma association, and even talked to people who referred me to the house ear instituite, who i was ready to call with the news that i had an acoustic neuroma (despite never even seeing my pcp). i decided to go to my gp first though, and scheduled an appointment. the morning of my gp appointment, before even going, my ear had unblocked itself for the first time in a month and i could hear again. the gp diagnosed me with eustacian tube dysfunction and sent me on my way, once again cancer-free. at the time i was job-searching, and had even put my search on hold for an entire month while i spent *every moment* once again googling brain cancer cures.  the ride will never end. for the rest of my life, i will be dying of something. this contributes to a fear of doctors i have. i don't even get physicals or tests anymore because, why do i even want to know if i'm dying of something? what good will it do? they can't cure it, and i can't live with the thought of knowing i'm dying. i've done it tens of times before. i'll never be okay with having a terminal illness. whenever that day comes, it will hit me like a freight train, and ruin every last minute of what i have left as i lay in bed, miserable.   i think the one positive thing i can take away from this is, i've been through "dying" enough to know of the true fragility of life.
t3_3emc4y-t3_3emc4y-ctgi95g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6655	my stepfather died 3 days ago in our home after fighting stage iv colon cancer with mets in the liver and lungs for 15 months. he lived 20 days after the oncologist told him that his liver was too damaged to undergo another round of chemotherapy. i wouldn't say that he "hung on" until he saw all of his family, because he didn't, but he also had said several times that he didn't want people to see him as sick as he was; he didn't look like the same person.   i (stepdaughter) had literally just left the house, his son was asleep as was my husband, but my mother was beside him when he took his last breaths and i will always believe that is how he wanted it. right before i left, i was looking at him and thought i saw signs of skin mottling (marbled meat-like appearance indicating that blood is leaving the extremities) but i wasn't sure what i was seeing as he was very discolored from the liver damage already.   he was tired of fighting and i don't blame him. he went through hell. he was only 48.  could he have lived longer? maybe. doubtfully more than a few days, but maybe. i can't tell you how many times we all checked him to make sure he was still breathing because he looked dead while he was sleeping - eyes half open and mouth wide open.
t3_2ghxky-t1_ckjc4ii-ckjcnkm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6526	i don't know.  i swabbed a little wand thing and put it in the saline buffer.  i assume it was a colorectal cancer screen.  i don't think its worms.  i've had this before when i drank 2l of diet coke a day and sat for ~6-8 hours a day + and sat on the computer.  bloody stool, constipation, mucous.  probably dehydration and whatever else the fuck is in coke / a shitload of aspartame.  once i stopped the diet coke every day it went away.  this time, just because of being on trt, i thought it might be something else.
t3_1flfbx-t1_cabv5fg-caca918	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was also diagnosed with stage 3 colon caner last year, at a young age. i did radiation and chemo, and had a couple clean pet scans. as of a few weeks ago, it came back. the doctors thought it was just scar tissue causing me some problems. its very heart breaking to go into surgery thinking you are cancer free, and then to come out of surgery and be pronounced stage 4.
t3_476537-t1_d0ah4xh-d0aj2ua	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	your correct, but- although uncommon and unlikely it is not impossible. i was in a similiar situation, and went to see a trusted colorectal surgeon. he immideately said its one hundred percent a reason "to get the pipe". he said lately he has been seeing youger people with colorectal cancer more often, and that the procedure is so safe and quick its stupid not to do it.   turned out i did have one (benign) polyp and some hemmeroids. when he finished the colonoscopy, he goes "your good. if the biopsy is concerning ill call you, otherwise see you in three years". im now much less stressed- no phone calls from him. good sign.
t3_227aae-t1_cgk8oqb-cgkkeaz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	don't worry, no one's doubting you--he was making a (maybe poorly placed) joke based on this (originally from /r/thathappened): http://i.imgur.com/h3ecflk.jpg  hope everything's going well for you and your mom now! i know how tough it can be; my father died of colon cancer just last year after a year-long battle with it, but i agree with your sentiment (that talking about it openly and joking about it makes it a lot easier).
t3_2m1mmp-t3_2m1mmp-cm29ul2	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8616	hi, we have very similar situations! i'm 29/f but i was diagnosed with stage iii colorectal cancer a month after my 25th birthday.  it sounds like we've been through a lot of the same crap (i like all the poop and butt jokes we get with this cancer).  no insurance when i was diagnosed, healthy lifestyle, doctor not expecting cancer because i'm "too young."  i've had two temporary ileostomies, and finally had surgery for permanent colostomy in august.  i did the folfox too, with radiation, and am currently doing proton therapy and oral xeloda.  it's been a long four+ years fighting this now.  i know feeling isolated can be big problem going through this.  i found it hard to find others my age going through the same things.  i didn't think to come to reddit for support until this year.  if you feel you need to vent in the future i hope you'll either post here again or send me a message!  all the gross fun stuff that comes along with colon cancer that you might not want to share with others, it won't bother because i've been through it too:)
t3_2q4ewn-t1_cn2wook-cn30om4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7724	hey, it's healthy. and if anyone tells you they don't rub one out they are lying haha! sorry to hear about the relatives. my uncle is a colon cancer survivor, and my aunt has a brain tumour. my grandma survived colon cancer, but she was also diagnosed with acute leukemia later in lifetoo. she still made it into her 70s, and it wasn't what killed her, it was a stroke. smoking is so bad for people and i don't know why people smoke, knowing full well that there isn't anyone nowadays that hasn't been affected by cancer in some way. take it day by day :)   i came to terms with death when i was really young, so it isn't even a passing thought for me, and i am almost 40. there's no use worrying, because it's coming, so i don't worry about the what if's.
t3_30yslx-t1_cpxla8o-cpxmjnt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;his running was probably an attempt to compensate for that.  my brother's ex-girlfriend's roommate's boyfriend(ah, shades of ferris bueller) used to(and probably still does) eat nothing but cottage cheese. colorectal cancer runs rampant in his family and he is convinced that cottage cheese will keep him safe.   needless to say, he looked like shit because of poor nutrition, and he was hard to be around because he was always fucking farting. and it smelled disgusting.  he should have been eating fibre, with a balanced diet, but nope.
t3_1ovgip-t3_1ovgip-ccx4pdg	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have been overrun with candida three times this year alone. once right as i was diagnosed with stage 3b colon cancer in january. then again around july, and again right this very moment. presents itself in fucked up stools, as well as a rash on my backside that only diflucan can touch.  i've been researching the link between candida/fungus and cancer, as well. i'm very interested in it. i know it occurs in immuno-compormised people, as chemo did that to me, but there seems to be something there, at least for bowel cancers. i'm interested in this and balancing the ph of the body.
t3_40rfnm-t3_40rfnm-cywhg8x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7549	my dad told me he had colon cancer and asked if i would consider helping him commit suicide.  i told him i couldn't do it.  he then said his backup plan was to pack up a few things and drive to a wooded area outside the city to die.  the next day he was gone.  and then 3 days later he returned.  when i communicated my disapproval (blew my stack) he was shocked.  apparently he had begun having episodes where he would do things and then forget he did them.  he's much better now.  oh, he didn't have cancer either.
t3_1rrwe3-t3_1rrwe3-cdqe2uj	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2010. he has had many treatments and it has come back and gone many times already. he has had to quit his job as a butcher and is now nearly bed ridden everyday. he's 62. i work 2 jobs and i'm in my senior year of high school. i work both jobs just so my dad doesn't have to drain his funds while waiting for disability. on thanksgiving he made me cry for the very first time. he takes 6 different medications for numerous things. i don't usually help him take his meds because he's usually normal every single day. well not on thursday. he began cursing at me, talking nonsense, mumbling and shaking. this is the nicest man you would ever meet. that night i had to call 911 and was having a breakdown so badly i had to have my girlfriend call for me. he's doing better now but that night made me realize how his life is slowly slipping out of his control and he's becoming more dependent. it tears me up inside knowing he may never be the same dad i've known all my life.
t3_qgsj9-t3_qgsj9-c3xl6zk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandfather was diagnosed with leukemia when he was 40... he didn't tell anyone until he was around 70 because he had to get knee surgery and they were worried that it might affect his cancer.... and he didnt want to worry anyone. 10 years later, he got skin cancer, prostate cancer, and possibly colon cancer. all the meanwhile with a bad knee. some people found his body washed up on shore... he apparently drowned in the ocean during a morning swim.  i still remember one of the last times i saw him... i was staying at his place and came home late one night. it was 12 am and there was an 80 year old man up watching tv. his face never conveyed emotion well but i could tell he wasnt doing well. i asked him why he was up and he replied "bad dreams..."  that bastard survived auschwitz when he was 13 and saw his family slaughtered with his own eyes. we always had a joke about him... the nazis couldnt get him, cancer couldnt touch him... but the ocean was his demise.  as sad as i was, his death represented his success in life... overcoming genocide and death and growing old enough to raise a family. when he was in auschwitz he probably thought he wouldnt survive to raise a family. when he was 40 he was told he was never going to see his grandchildren. he overcame more than any human i know. his life puts things in perspective. i will never know what it means to have a hard life. it is important to look at the success of the individual and their deaths will  be easier to handle.
t3_1kdjqd-t3_1kdjqd-cbnxuyw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	.... i don't understand this at all. it says to avoid routine colorectal cancer screening. cdc says to do non-invasive fecal occult blood testing once a year. a stool sample to check for blood within a certain age range. you only offer a colonoscopy every 10 years. to avoid it more than that? lipid profile tests are ordered once a year during your physical. most disturbingly, it says to avoid mammos and to indulge in "breast thermography." i had to google it because i never heard about it in the hospitals. it's a quack alternative medicine without any scientific evidence. this whole article does not belong in this subreddit.
t3_32qbk5-t1_cqe5r3y-cqeb26t	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this absolutely terrifies me but i think it probably could have happened because treating two rounds of cancer is more costly than just treating the lungs and colon at once. i'm not a doctor, but i assume if treating two things at once while it's early is cheaper than treating two things separately at higher stages.
t3_1mpckc-t3_1mpckc-ccbdq2g	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	not me but my dad had his removed when he had a semi-colectomy for his colon cancer (got tested at 58, died at 60 2 sunday's ago, but survived 6 days long enough to become a grandpa via me and my wife.).  he didn't seem to complain about the appendix given that the colon was giving him more trouble.  interresting that the appendix was really inflamed with the cancer going on down there.  my mother actually mentioned to the surgeon before, can you just take his appendix out?  dr. said no, but once he got in there i guess it looked inflammed.  somewhat interresting to me that both situations there was out of the ordinary things going on in the region, and the appendix got inflammed.  my wife had her baby 3 months early (again 6 days before my dad passed), while baby is safe for now, i just hope that you can at least look forward to a smooth pregnancy.  on the plus side, at 15 weeks, you likely will be mostly healed before any "kicks" are felt!  just keep thinking to yourself, all this pain will make a great story someday, although i know it is very hard to appreciate that when you are in pain.    please take care.
t3_49crq3-t3_49crq3-d0rbqi5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7422	i went through the same thing about 8 years ago. was told i could have all kinds of things, from colon cancer to ... i can't even remember what. god, the prep for the colonoscopy ... ugh. (and they never did figure out what was wrong ... my issues cleared up on their own a few months later, but it was frustrating to go through all that and not know)  sending good vibes for good news (or at least something manageable). feel better soon!
t3_eq8wh-t1_c1a2qm5-c1a3vvu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i haven't either, i'm 25. i hadn't really experienced any death until i was 19. i was a freshman in college and had been hanging around some 20 and 21 year olds that were a pretty tight group. i went to the bar with them one night (they could sneak me shots) and had a great time. the next weekend i found out one of them had been on his motorcycle and was hit by a drunk driver. i went to his funneral with my friends, but it was a closed casket for obvious reasons. my grandmother died when i was 20 and she was cremated, so i never saw her body. my grandfather on my dad's side died last novemeber and i wasn't able to attend the funneral. my grandfather on my mom's side died dec. 3rd of this year and i, again, wasn't able to attendthe funneral. although, he was cremated as well, so i wouldn't have seen him anyways. i feel like an ass not being able to attend my grandfathers funnerals, but my parents moved me from canada and we ended up in texas while i was in highschool. they agreed to pay for my college education which i am so thankful for, but only at an instate school (understandable). i graduated a few years ago and got a job down here in texas that's good, but not great. i couldn't afford the last minute $1600 plane ticket either time.   sorry to ramble about this. i don't think i've dealt with my grandfather's death from earlier this month at all. i cried the day i found out, but haven't really thought about it since. and, i just got news that my uncle's colon cancer has spread and he's not doing well. i don't think i've completely grasped death yet, i've been so sheltered to it just through circumstance. i'll stop rambling now.
t3_3en8wb-t3_3en8wb-ctgryqy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.765	it's also possible that there is a tumor in the lower bowel which isn't closed and is leaking blood. i had rectal cancer and this was the symptom. to determine this requires a fecal occult blood test.  btw, i'm cancer free now, as it was stage i and treatment succeeded.
t3_3ddcou-t1_ct41gqr-ct4ramr	colon_cancer	relevant	0.658	i've had colon cancer and birthed two babies without anaesthetic.  gall stones for the win.  i thought i was having a heart attack.  nothing made it feel better, no position was more comfortable than any other.  i just had to wait it out until the attack passed.  horrible.
t3_4ulg3u-t3_4ulg3u-d5qsgku	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	crohn's doesn't run in my family, but colon cancer does.  this might sound weird, but i'm actually kind of glad i have to get colonoscopies so frequently. colon cancer is very treatable when caught early and we have to be scanned so often that it's basically impossible to get colon cancer and have it go unchecked. so of course i hope i don't get it, but i also don't really worry about it anymore. now at least i'll know early.
t3_2lreic-t3_2lreic-cly0ukm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6131	my friend/family member patrick. he was a hell of a paramedic and at 25 was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer. he has 2 pku kids, and his wife is a teacher. that motherfucker loved life and refused to let life shit on him no matter what. he worked his ass off every day as a paramedic until his body couldn't anymore- he was out saving lives while certainly in the back of his head, he was losing his. he never ever let cancer fucking own him. he was patrick until the day he died and his last wish was that his family knew how much he loved them. he was a fucking hell of a human being and his funeral rivaled those of heads of state. he died at 29 last weekend.
t3_1q372l-t3_1q372l-cd9ai14	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i understand so much of what you said. hopefully you're feeling a little less alone. here's my story..i've posted some of this before, but i don't think i've ever posted it here. i'll probably get a little long-winded, sorry about that.  i was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer in july. i turned 31 two days ago. i'd been having abdominal pain off and on for a couple of years. even went to the er a couple times. first time they said it might be an ovarian cyst, second time said "take some ibuprofen" and sent me home. about a year ago i went to the bathroom, turned around to flush, and the contents of the toilet were completely red. freaked out, went to the er...they said it was probably just an internal hemorrhoid, i followed up with my family doctor who said the same thing. after that i would sometimes notice streaks of what i assumed was blood in my stool but since my doctor wasn't overly concerned i really wasn't either (he'd just told me to let him know if the "toilet filled with red" thing happened again). this spring i was super tired all the time, had no appetite, and in april the pain got significantly worse, kind of wrapping around from my abdominal area into my back. walk-in clinic said it was a muscle strain, a few days later when it wasn't any better i went to my family doctor. he did bloodwork &amp; found i was severely anemic and was going to schedule a ct to look at my spleen. the next morning it hurt just to breathe, i went to the er (a different one from the previous visits), they actually did something (bloodwork, x-rays, and a ct scan) and i was diagnosed with diverticulitis &amp; hospitalized for a week for iv antibiotics and a blood transfusion. pain continued, follow-up colonoscopy in june found a blockage, biopsy showed precancerous cells. doctor recommended a colon resection even though it wasn't cancerous yet due to the size of the blockage &amp; because i do have a family history of colon cancer (an uncle had it in his 40s). during surgery he found a cancerous tumor on the other side of those precancerous cells. my pain was right where the blockage was. tissue was starting to attach to my spleen. luckily not the tumor itself, and they didn't have to remove my spleen but my 2 1/2 hour surgery took closer to 5. i'm halfway through chemo. the neuropathy &amp; cold sensitivity sucks, i have trouble eating and drinking every other week because everything tastes bad. i feel somewhat normal for 4 or 5 days, like i get to live my life...and then it's time to start the chemo thing again. thanksgiving is my favorite holiday, my schedule had it being a "good" week, until i had to postpone this week's treatment due to low platelets and i'm so disappointed. i can't wait to have this part over with. i just keep reminding myself january will be here before i know it and maybe i'll get to feel "normal" for more than just a few days at a time (and drink a large coke from mcdonalds!)
t3_3f73dx-t1_ctmihpg-ctmixny	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yep and he is battling cancer right now i hope hes doing alright. he has rectal cancer now apparently. hope hes doing ok
t3_du6y0-t1_c12yi5o-c1310ve	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.782	good luck! i hope it went/is going well.   i will keep nagging my dad. it just has been really hard to get him to go, especially because he lives abroad so i've been trying to convince him over the phone.    he keeps saying that if they find out he has cancer he just wants to be put of out his misery and it won't matter. and i keep saying, colon cancer is often preventable! especially if they find and remove polyps in there. his fear is really irrational, in my eyes. and it's frustrating because he's otherwise very healthy but we have no idea abt the health of his colon. i see it as a sort of generational/cultural mentality.
t3_11eas0-t1_c6ntsof-c6okxri	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.517	t_t /hugs  i was considered borderline btwn uc and crohn's for years. i had to do a pill endoscopy to confirm uc. i got my ileo because i have built up antibodies to tnf blockers.  i can't complain about that since i was in remission for a solid 8 years. also my pathology from my colectmoy showed no crohn's so *knock on wood* it wont develop later in life.  however, they did pull out 4 pre-cancerous pollups that formed in a month's time from my pre surgical colonoscopy.   my gi said to me when i saw her post op that it was good that i got the surgery because i probably would have developed colon cancer by the time i hit 35.   since i was on steroids/immuno suppresents/work schedule i will be doing each surgery 6 months apart.  that and i need to loose weight because i blow up like a balloon on steroids. they don't want to make my jpouch if i'm still too heavy for it to be done right. i am normally about 140lbs and i am currently 192 down from 200lbs at surgery.   the next surgery is in march tentatively.  and then the 3rd one will be sept 2013.   i did get mini non drainables that i don't have to tuck into my pants..i had to change it two times at work before i put on my full sized on for bed time.  the stem cell transplants look promising. however, hopefully there will be a decent study out on soon. so that more doctors will begin to use it.  right now from my understanding it is still considered "experimental" and will be a bitch to have insurance cover it.
t3_1rwvz3-t1_cdrqddc-cdrsx38	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my brother is going through that fight right now. stage 4 colon cancer at 30. it spread to his liver, lungs and bones. the doctors are still optimistic. i am too.
t3_4b710w-t1_d16t8y5-d16vtw3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	damn, i was watching him when he told his audience colon cancer was discovered but healing chances would be high. then i read his, turns out he doesn't stands a chance...
t3_1ifv7d-t3_1ifv7d-cb47fcq	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my granddad developed colon cancer when i was 7.  beat it by the time i was 9.  skin cancer when i was 10, beat it by the time i was 11.  i thought he was superman, and i often took him for granted.  i used to joke with friends that they should give his blood to aids patients because he'd probably cure that too.  we lost him to a resurgence of the colon cancer which had metastasized in his lungs.  i was 23.  he had been cancer free for so long that he stopped going to his regular screens.  the day after he was diagnosed, my gramma had a stroke.  he stayed by her side for two and a half long years, staying strong for her while he quietly battled the cancer that was destroying his body.  my sister said that when he died, he was terrified.  he was delusional and thought his family was trying to kill him.  the morphine was a blessing, it helped him pass quickly.  my gramma's still alive, paralyzed on her right side and living with my parents.  she, and all of us, miss him every day.  when your dad beats this cancer, make him stay vigilant.  make sure he gets his regular screens.  i would do anything to have my granddad back.
t3_1xadg6-t3_1xadg6-cf9zwd3	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6593	my father was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and decided to make use of the hospice program. he made it a point to go out and do all of the things he loved with my mother and i in his final weeks of life. he was clearly pained, especially towards the end, after the chemo and surgery and radiation, but it didn't stop him taking me out hunting, and fishing, and camping, and enjoying the world that he loved so much. he shared with us the places and things in this world that made him who he was. he took us to a pond in maine (where his ashes were to be scattered) and under his guidance, i caught my first salmon on a fly rod.  when he was dying, my mother came and woke me up, it was around 4 in the morning.  he'd had massive seizures which had dislocated his jaw. i ran to the bed and crawled up next to him. i kissed him and held him and stroked his thinning hair back from his head. "don't be scared, its ok to let go daddy, i love you" were the last words he heard on this earth. and i lay like that with him until he was no longer breathing.  i was 5 years old  he was cremated and his ashes scattered in ponds, forests, rivers and streams; the places that he loved to be. after he had died, among his effects was a poem he had written for me. in life he was a man of few words, but the content of that poem still haunts me. in it he described all of the things that we did together in his final days, and tells me that when i do those things, he will be there with me. which i suppose is why i spend so much time outside, trying to get closer to the father who had to leave too early. i recently went to a secluded pond in maine  where he spend a lot of his younger life and where a portion of his ashes are scattered. it was bound to be an emotional trip, but being in the last place i can remember fishing with my father effected me far more than i had expected. i grew up missing him, wishing i could do things with him, wishing he could witness my accomplishments, hoping i make him proud... but in the light of dawn on an early summer day catching a salmon a fly rod (like i had done with him all those years ago) the reality and weight of the final lines of his poem, his true last words to me, sunk in.  "i can no longer walk beside you, but think of me, and i'll be all around you"
t3_kgf5i-t3_kgf5i-c2k5m1f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my father died of colorectal cancer when i was 13. before that, he was a carpenter who didn't take shit from anybody.  he used to ride a motorcycle to work, but he ended up having to sell it to pay rent. he collected little statues of dragons, and drew pictures of horses and unicorns. he liked his trees and his beer but he never let his kids see it.  he was a good guy.
t3_1p3z6r-t1_ccyusvp-ccyzkcy	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with colon cancer about 8 weeks after i noticed blood in my stool.  i consider myself lucky in that the tumor was so low (in the rectum) that the blood was noticeable, as i had no other symptoms such as bloating, abdominal pain, quick weight loss, etc.  i had the tumor removed, but it turned out to be a t3 with some tumor deposits on the fatty tissue of one node (stage iiib), so i am wrapping up radiation with chemo pills now, and in about 8 weeks will start folfox.  i'm 45.
t3_2i5xe4-t3_2i5xe4-cl3abok	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7556	i am so sorry to hear this. i was diagnosed with stage iii colon cancer in 2007 at age 36. i have met many friends on my journey and lost too many.
t3_2ik9m0-t1_cl36n4z-cl36ux9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am not 100% but iirc he was diagnosed with a type of cancer a few months ago. i wanna say brain cancer but i could be wrong. i do know it is quite serious.  edit: as i said i was not sure about they type of cancer but as everyone is pointing out. he has colon cancer.
t3_17h7qq-t3_17h7qq-c85o85a	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7384	i save it for the first date, because i feel its private enough to warrant being forgiven for not saying something about it. and on the first date she can then decide if its worth it to continue.  for me i had a successful colon cancer surgery. but it has caused allot of problems for me to now live with. namely running to the bathroom after eating something, or just general cramps throughout the day.   though i say this is what i do, i have yet to put it in practice. it just seems reasonable to me is all.
t3_41v46a-t1_cz5iceg-cz5mshl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	at five years after, you have as much chance of getting the cancer back as anyone else who's never had cancer.     for me it was colon cancer and the initial diagnosis from the colonoscopy was that the tumor was a stage two possible stage three from its size.  after surgery and the lab going through the lymph nodes, it was downgraded to a stage one.  that means i didn't need chemo or radiation therapy, just five long years of getting my blood taken... a lot.  i'm now at six years clear and i have no fear that it's metastasized and moved to another organ in my body.  i still get my blood taken to check my t-cell count and every three years for the rest of my life i'll be getting a colonoscopy, but the fear is gone.  so talk to you oncologist, they can tell you if it's safe for you to give blood again if you still have fears about it.
t3_15y5x6-t1_c7r3bdv-c7r3n41	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	could not read without feeling like you were angry and yelling at me the whole time. but also, this has been happening since i was around 12, i am 17 now. i highly doubt that it is some time of rectal cancer and more just my awful digestive system.  edit: thanks
t3_3fqzry-t3_3fqzry-ctr5el1	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5111	"cancer isn't a joke, felicia!"  i was getting pretty fed up and was ready to say "bye" to felicia.  she grinned.  stupidly.  like felicia does.  "yeah, but i mean, c'mon.  your cancer saga sounds more like snl than icu."  "ugh, can we just drop the subject?" i asked.  pleaded.  wished.  "i guess... oh look!  hey linda--you need to come hear this story!" felicia waved over one of our good friends.  damnit.  "hey felicia, hey bill.  what story do i need to hear?"  "bill here had cancer! had!"  felicia looked ready to explode.  i wanted to explode her like a zit.    "had cancer?  well at least it's gone, right? had?" linda asked.  my life.  woe is me.  "yes, i had cancer.  and it's gone now.  can we drop it?"  "bill.  tell linda the story.  please please please!"  fuck me.  "if you'll shut up afterwards, i'll give her the highlights.  but you have. to. shut. up. felicia."  "ok ok ok.  i'll shut up.  just tell her!"  i shifted in my seat.  why me?  "well, linda.  i found out last week that i had inoperable rectal cancer.  just cancer everywhere in my rectum.  i'm not trying to be cheeky--it was pretty bad.  pretty bad as in i was supposed to die by the end of the month.  so, you know that diet i was on?  well, i thought i was going to die anyway, so i threw the diet out the window and went to taco bell.  for 6 days in a row.  then yesterday, day 7, i went back to taco bell even though my insides felt like two hobos fighting over the last raccoon steak.  i ordered my usual: two chicken quesadillas, three hard-shell tacos, three nacho cheese doritos locos tacos, and two large baja blasts, no ice.  and the coup de grace?  fire sauce.  enough fire sauce for eight relatively large-sized men to take a bath.  i made it to doritos loco taco #2 when the hobo fight reached the climax and one shoved his rusty shiv straight into my colon.  i bolted to the bathroom while a gentle stream of orange-ish liquid seeped out of my desperately clenched butthole.  as soon as my cheeks hit porcelain, i unleashed a barrage of hellfire not seen since that part of 300 when they shoot all the arrows.  i swear, it felt like someone was smelting steel in my innards.  30 minutes later, i came to grips with the trauma that just occurred.  i was spent physically and emotionally--so much so, that i couldn't even bring myself to wipe up.  i just stood and turned around to bear witness to the chaos that i caused to the innocent toilet.  and to my surprise, nestled softly amidst the rainbow of taco bell ejections, i saw chunks of pink.  i scooped up my findings and shuffled to my car.  could it be?  i raced to my oncologist and shoved the masses in his face.  he confirmed my suspicions:  the pink masses were my cancer.  and after a brief examination, the doctor relayed the good news: the fire sauce had scorched-earthed my asshole.  no cancer in sight.  he did mention that i'd need a colostomy bag, asap.  but i was cured."  linda's mouth, at this point, had opened and closed several times.  opened in astonishment and closed in hopes of holding back vomit.  "and that's how taco bell simultaneously destroyed and saved my ass.  happy now, felicia?"
t3_4h05ww-t1_d2mgo27-d2mlgpv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7489	i sadly lost a relative to this 2 years ago. couldn't afford routine healthcare. took breaking a leg to find out she had stage iv lung cancer, she died within 2 weeks of the diagnosis. it honestly terrifies me.   my mother had colon cancer at 28, which is incredibly young and rare to have happen. if your parent has colon cancer, as the child you are supposed to get a colonoscopy 10 years prior to their diagnosis date to ensure you don't have any polyps, etc. that would have been when i was 18, i am now 24. thanks to obamacare, my state (wi) was forced to basically accept me on state healthcare because of my income level, but because this state rejected the federal overhaul, the state was backlogged and i wasn't granted the actual privileges of healthcare until about 2 years later. i called around to find a primary care physician based on providers that accept health insurance because i need one for a referral. the soonest i can get in to actually establish a pcp is in february of 2017. nearly a year.   every day i wonder if i might have polyps. if there is something there that needs to be discovered. colon cancer is one of the most treatable cancers if caught early, but i will likely never know until i die of it. people say i am ungrateful when i say american sucks but honestly i find it disgusting we live somewhere where they'd rather have us die than be proactive about our health. its all so depressing.
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqexrwx-cqfg4jw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5067	which drugs did they put you on?  i was diagnosed stage 3 rectal cancer at 44 yrs old.  after a month of chemo &amp; radiation had a lower anterior resection (lar) and currently have a temp loop ileostomy.  2 more chemo cycles left for me on the folfox chemo cocktail.  they said due to my age they were going to treat it aggressively and i'm just curious to see how it compares to yours.
t3_p4zaz-t3_p4zaz-c3muwzw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5147	my dad was born in 1951 with no bones in his ears, making him completely deaf. well, they fixed that and so he learned to speak without the kind of...slur that some deaf speakers have.   when he covered his hearing aid it made a quiet, "woooo" sound. he told kids he was talking to aliens.  i don't know when he got false teeth, but i'm guessing it was in his 30s. he told me that they made him chew bubble gum to strengthen his gums. he ate kfc instead.  he taught himself to play rhythm guitar, and [wrote his own songs.](http://www.youtube.com/user/petechaney/videos)  he told me that he went across the states on a motorcycle, and i've seen a few pictures, but i don't know where he's been.  [thomas barefoot](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/barefoot_v._estelle) was living with my dad when he was arrested for his crimes. my dad didn't know, and being a nice guy, he let thomas stay with him when my dad's friends told him that he needed a room. when the cops asked my dad about him, dad gave him up immediately.  he was in a motorcycle accident that *really* fucked up his back, making him a kind of hunchback in a way.   he got salmonella from some bad fried chicken and lived through it.  he collected vws, and participated in car shows. here's his baby- [1965, bossbug dunebuggy](http://i.imgur.com/kwpsi.jpg). he bought it pennsylvania and practically rebuilt it. you can see him in the back with the darkened glasses. we also owned a beige, 69 beetle, red 72 karmann ghia, and a red 72 bus. all of them still run.  he was diagnosed with skin cancer, and had the lumps taken off several times from his forehead. he had stitches across his forehead, so i called him frankenstein. he told the owner of the daycare i went to that my mom hit him with a chicken.  he had colon cancer, and was expected to live for two years after the initial diagnosis. he lived for four. he didn't lie and try to hide it from me either. he treated me like an adult, and told me, "anna grace, i know this thing'll beat me, but i want you to remember that i had a damn good time."  through all of this he smoked camels and drank jim beam and taught me that i shouldn't smoke or drink, and i never will. he also smoked pot for the cancer pain, and also told me and i just didn't mind because i knew it helped him.  i miss the old guy every day...  and, if there's a redditor out there who can help... i'm trying to find pictures from the last car show he went to, but the only website i've found has two defunct links... can anyone, maybe, dig up [what was in this old photobucket account?](http://s56.photobucket.com/albums/g194/thingmon/2008%20nacogdoches/?albumview=grid) it'd mean alot to see his dunebuggy covered with vw toys again...
t3_2sn4wa-t1_cnr7q8p-cnrntck	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6555	thank you for responding! you make very good points, and i know i may not get the surgery at all but since my onc said it might be possible in the future i wanted to know the experience of others. i am frustrated at how slowly all my treatments are going and i wish we could speed things up but i know that's not possible. i know many factors go into whether i'm healthy enough, how much the tumors have shrunk, etc but it's still good to understand what i may or may not have to face in the future, especially since many colon cancer patients seem to do it.   i just want to get this crappy cancer out of me as soon as i can, but i know that just can't be the case. i have to be patient especially since my cea levels are down by half and my tumors are shrinking (slowly, but better than the alternative). i suppose this post was not to just get to listen to other people's experiences but to also vent as well about how i wish i could get the surgery to remove the cancer. but slow and steady wins the race in this situation. i hope to be in remission like you are soon, i just have to wait i guess.
t3_2fpq97-t3_2fpq97-ckbo31g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	last time i had a physical, my doctor told me that after all these years, there's no evidence that rectal exams have helped reduce prostate cancer rates, and that he's not doing them anymore unless the patient wanted the exam for some reason.  just fyi.   i was like, "phew because i was about to ask you if we could just skip that this time."
t3_3qov2u-t3_3qov2u-cwh5w3c	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8089	if you are looking into bowel cancer... best to check with the experts... i will provide some background for my father though.  the "poop" test and some blood test was administered after they had already confirmed he had a massive growth in his colon, ended up having half his large intestine removed...   anyway, both the non colonoscopy tests showed up negative for cancer.  after he did the surgery, still negative.  (that was just blood test iirc).  cue one year after chemo, and he has colon cancer that is now showing up potentially in his lungs, but tests negative for cancer still.  they went to do surgery and had to remove half of his right lung, and noted it had likely spread elsewhere.  it was only when they confirmed bone and brain cancer, he finally tested positive somehow...   not sure if it was just his type of colon cancer, but i certainly have my doubts about the efficacy of some of the tests.  as his son i will have to endure a few tests in my lifetime, but a small price to pay vs. getting cancer.  my wife is going through chemo right now... and it is not something you want to go through.
t3_1za3ht-t3_1za3ht-cfsj1jt	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am 51 and last year i was diagnosed with colon cancer (it was caught early thanks to a colonoscopy). successful surgery followed and i am now cancer free. after that huge scare i decided it was time to get healthy again and started swimming after over a 30 year break from it. i am up to 1.5k workouts and over 4 miles a week and i feel better than i have in years. i forgot how much i love to swim and am so thankful for the life lesson.
t3_dvnng-t1_c139l5m-c139mw2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7365	my own mother passed away four years ago. she was diagnosed with colon cancer at the beginning of december, by a week before christmas she was gone. i thought i could handle it ok on my own, i was wrong. please take advantage of any counseling and grieving programs that might be available to you, i did not and i regret it. going it alone is very deceiving, you believe you are dealing with it and you are not, it takes work.
t3_3jpbgu-t1_cus839d-cus8zky	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7551	thank you!  so true.  i have a lot of gastro issues, i get diarrhea often (sorry tmi) with blood, but had a rectal exam (have hemorrhoids, sorry tmi again) and hem occult test and everything came back normal.  i was 150% sure that i had some sort of cancer somewhere in my body.  it was awful and all i could thing about, ha was ruining my life and my relationship with my husband.  if you look at my past submissions you'll see what i was worrying about but all of it turned out to be nothing or something small that is nothing more than discomfort.  i hope you find your way out. i know it's not easy to just stop thinking about what you're feeling but you'll be okay.
t3_47eji3-t3_47eji3-d0cpqth	colon_cancer	relevant	0.746	i was diagnosed with rectal cancer about 3 years ago. as of right now i have enough insurance (wife, no kids) so that my wife could keep her standard of living (enough to pay for the mortgage, funeral expense, etc.).  problem is i am just about to turn 30 and the wife and i are talking family. i am only 2 years out of no detectable cancer is there anyway i can get additional life insurance if we do decide to have kids or am i sol.
t3_2igcim-t1_cl22uc1-cl2entq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5918	as a evidence-based science fan with stage 4 colorectal cancer who had chemo today, i'm excited as hell about this article and i'm asking my wife to read it and let me know what she thinks because i don't think i can stand getting my hope up about another "cancer breakthrough"...  i'm excited and cynical at the same time.  i really hate cancer...
t3_1mq5qa-t3_1mq5qa-ccbmxf9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5911	you are a great man.  i would like to say that my week was alright.  got sick, but im on the upside of it, my gf is not though. she is asleep right now, but has a mega amped up version of what i got.   i found out that my dispatching classes aren't going to start till october, so i'll be squeezing my hardest college classes in at an accelerated rate this year.    i'm helping to throw a surprise party for my friend's birthday after the homecoming game this weekend. i hope he doesn't decide to bail because he's tired or some bs like that. i think he will appreciate it and see that we love that prick.  my uncle is dealing with colon cancer right now, all i can say about that is get your pooper checked when your mileage comes up.  it'll save your life. he is supposed to be in remission but my mom drives him a cpl hours every week to get check ups.  those are all the life problems we got right now.  i love it right now.  i lost thirty lbs recently and my family and friends are here for me.  so no matter whats up my week is good.  you are doing a great deed for human kind!
t3_30r1fq-t1_cpuzxgy-cpv6rys	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6027	yeah i hate cancer it took 3 of my 4 grandparents. my aunt had it she is good now. my dad is currently battling cancer in his colon he had it than went into remission than got it again than again remission. now he has it again. sucks for mr. sager hope he beats it.
t3_17no0w-t1_c87afql-c87bj01	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5988	yeah but they call colon cancer the silent killer *because* it develops so slowly. the symptoms come on so gradually that people assume it is something else, like aging (my mother thought it was early onset menopause). people don't get checked out until it is too late when it could have been easily treated earlier.   my mom was a fairly typical case (as much as that is possible with cancer) and the doctors estimated that her tumors started growing seven years before she was diagnosed. if she had been diagnosed even a year earlier she might still be alive today.   i realize that this is just one case but the doctors/our research told us that her case was very common.
t3_4xj20r-t1_d6g5d9q-d6g7c4f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7952	my mom was really big into the rake healing and was a big proponent of homeopathy. she kept doing this bullshit when she got sick but wouldn't listen to me that a hospital was a better choice. she eventually went when a homeopath that was a former doctor insisted on it. she was diagnosed with stage 4 rectal cancer and died 9 months later.  fuck all that bullshit
t3_28u93n-t3_28u93n-ciejcx7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7547	he's dealing with pain from a surgery he had like 3 weeks ago. his family has a long line of colon cancer and he was off commentary for a long time, even during the first day of mlg. apparently after evo he might give up smash.
t3_1ahlkj-t3_1ahlkj-c8xvpvc	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7903	same type of situation happened with my cousin. cancer nailed him hard since he had no sort of health care or previous check ups in years. at 29 he had a ton of his colon removed and then seemed pretty positive that he would make it back ok. he lasted about 2 more months before it took him out.   it's hard to knock a positive outlook on things, but you can see that truck coming right for you.
t3_1kpcge-t1_cbrrvjr-cbrtdz4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if watching a guy run much faster and with more athleticism than most humans on the planet are capable  is like watching a colonoscopy then i had colon cancer all wrong.
t3_2z0eyb-t1_cpet2az-cpf4mk9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6105	well in the case you do have rectal bleeding, please get checked. i was diagnosed with stage 4  rectal cancer 3 months ago and that was the only real symptom i had for it.
t3_219fks-t1_cgba4ep-cgbdxq7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7597	holy crap. you good now? or are you still getting cancered?  when my grandfather got colon cancer (didn't catch it til stage 4 and he was in his 80s) he didn't fall back on religion i think, in part, because he was at the 'screw it, i'm old, let's do this' stage of his life already. it's kind of amazing that you didn't just cling to religion to get you through. i was even a little surprised at his attitude towards it. when i asked him about it he looked at me like i didn't understand basic math. just this look that said 'of course i don't need that dumb bible. unless it has a cure for cancer in it. which i am sure it does not.'.  what started it? was it the 'i'll pray for you' nonsense getting to you (do your prayers cure cancer? i wager they do not.) or legitimately just the time alone with nothing to do but hurt and reflect?
t3_wr6au-t1_c5g70j0-c5g76hw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	well, from that article we know that there is a lot of benefits to being active, which would probably make it worthwhile. it leaves off better mood for some reason but there is evidence of that as well afaik.  there is;  strong evidence of reduced rates of:  • all-cause mortality  • coronary heart disease  • high blood pressure  • stroke  • metabolic syndrome  • type 2 diabetes  • breast cancer  • colon cancer  • depression  • falling   strong evidence of:  • increased cardiorespiratory and muscular fitness  • healthier body mass and composition  • improved bone health  • increased functional health  • improved cognitive function  on the basis of the evidence available, no one can deny that greater physical activity leads to more pros then cons.
t3_25zyhu-t3_25zyhu-chq2gzb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5761	you will find a new normal. these days will be crazy, doctor appointments, tests, opinions, second opinions. just be the husband you always have been for her. my wife was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer three months after we got engaged she was 25 as well.  probably one of the best things i was able to do for her was give her a quiet place to get away from people throwing plans and prognosis at her.   feel free to pm me.
t3_30b4jw-t1_cpqrygr-cprgov6	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt;i recently met a guy who had ignored the signs of bowel cancer until it was almost too late   this was my grandfather. he had slow-progressing colon cancer...that he ignored for more than 15 years. by the time he sought treatment (he hemorrhaged while going to the restroom - passed out from the blood loss, which is where my grandmother found him), it was too late: the cancer had spread throughout his body. i think he survived another, oh, year or so, before he passed away.   and it was *so preventable*. he could have lived to see his grandchildren grow up, his sons actually make him proud... he could have saved his wife, his sons, his grandchildren, *years* of heartache and grief. he had 15 years to go to the doctor for his symptoms...but no.
t3_1umg4a-t3_1umg4a-cejqnkh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i quit at the end...just 9 days ago. i lost all my weight and then i decide to quit smoking. it has made breathing a lot easier. i'm going to test my new lungs out at the gym pretty soon. i didn't want to quit when i did, but i got bronchitis and then i found out if i didn't have a colonoscopy when i did, i'd be looking at colon cancer in a year. it scared me into getting my body as healthy as i can.
t3_2hbe6h-t1_ckr444y-ckrnu1n	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i lost my dad to colon cancer in 1998 when i was 15. i lost my mom (most likely to suicide) in 2010 when i was 28. the thing that kept me from deconstructing due to the pain of that was having watched my ex-fiance lose his dad at 25 a couple weeks after we started dating.  the reason he's my ex is because he couldn't put into perspective the concept that we lose people but this is supposed to help us better appreciate those we *do* have around us.  i was just another person he let leave his life rather than have to lose another one by death.  death sucks; however, watching someone who is vital and alive choose to die on the inside because of it is much worse.
t3_2navt7-t3_2navt7-cmc8en4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6772	my father died five years ago in july. he was diagnosed with colon cancer in april of 2009 and was dead in july.   i didn't deal with it very well at first. i drank a ton. alone. one night, i tried to hang myself. i lived alone and no one would have found me. i was hanging from a belt attached to a pull up bar in my door frame for what felt like a long time but was probably like five seconds. to this day, i have no idea why i stood up. i just stood up and went to bed.   this past october, i got a memorial tattoo.
t3_2lz42d-t1_clzs2x3-clzzkg2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6096	please go to a doctor soon!  my brother had the same symptoms and he ended up passing from colorectal cancer.  he thought he was just constipated also, but it ended up being the main tumor that was causing the problem.
t3_2r6qfm-t1_cndlypo-cndm8sq	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6103	i know it's no consolation but my father-in-law has just passed the 2 years "all clear" after having being diagnosed and treated for stage 4 bowel cancer with a secondary in his liver (that required removing 3 nodes).  he's had his entire lower colon out and his liver has grown back.  he (and the family) have had a very rough time (bizarrely it was complications from one of his cancer drugs that brought him closest to death) but we are through the worst of it now and he is as healthy as he's ever been.  so please try not to give up hope and good luck :)  and fuck government policies and their inflexibility.
t3_2dtg59-t1_cjsy8by-cjt42at	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am jacks shattered butthole. i give jack pleasure when he is asleep and pain when he is awake. also maybe rectal cancer - i haven't decided yet.
t3_48k705-t1_d0klf3f-d0klhcz	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father got colon cancer awhile back and he had surgery and chemotherapy.  the doctors told him that they think they got the vast majority of it, but for awhile, it really was just take a "wait and see" approach and see if it comes back or not.    he's not cured; he just hasn't had a ~~remission~~ recurrence.  he's in remission.
t3_4ay44t-t3_4ay44t-d158kdn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm so sorry. my dad had colon cancer too. i don't think it's something you can be prepared for or logically think about. just be there for him even if he isn't being himself. take each day separately. i don't think i can help much in this regard but i just wanted to share this story: my dad was diagnosed when he was very far along, he was extremely weak. he went on folfox but his body couldn't handle it and they said theres nothing else and to say our goodbyes. but i said no and i basically forced him to go get a second opinion. they put him on irinotecan and vectibix and he spent two years with a cea number that was in the normal range. then when he had to go back on folfox his body was much healthier and could tolerate it. there are also some new ones approved very recently, one a pill by a japanese company, i forget the name maybe takeda. anyway all i'm saying is make it a fight. don't give up too easily and don't let him either. do your research, go to the doctors with him and don't be afraid to ask questions. my dad lived three years longer than they said he would and got to do a lot in that time. if you have any questions please message me! and again i am so so sorry
t3_1wc0rp-t3_1wc0rp-cf0k4wj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6623	was diagnosed with stage 3 colorectal cancer a few years ago. this photo was taken the day after my surgery to remove the tumor. yes, that is an ostomy bag in the photo. i had a temporary ileostomy for about a year while i finished up chemotherapy and for the surgery areas to completely heal.
t3_4oe76d-t3_4oe76d-d4bsewb	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you on this. my freshman year of hs, my sister was diagnosed with leukemia, i was later diagnosed with type 1 diabetes. most of my hs was a blur, and once my sister was better, the doctor diagnosed me with ptsd and depression. i felt like i presented it differently though; i didnt want to do anything and i had no motivation (which was so unlike me) i kept on with the meds when i moved to college and eventually came off of them. then my mom was diagnosed with colon cancer and so i went back on them again. i have come back off of them, but i still have days where all i want to do is lay in the bed. i try not to do that because i work full time, but it is extremely hard.
t3_1h4nfu-t3_1h4nfu-car5jte	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.613	i have neuroendorine, poorly-differentiated, small cell cancer.  i understand it's very rare, very few diagnosis's for it every year.  it started in my upper colon so there were no symptoms until i had severe pain.  it's spread to my liver and lymph nodes :(  i went to an expert in ucla (as close to an expert as my doctors could find at least). he said it's very hard to tell until after it goes into remission and then comes back.  if it stays in remission a long time, it's very good.  if it comes back quickly, it's very bad.  i asked him what the most likely outcome was, and he said just over a year, maybe two.  well, i'm very scared.  it heartens me to hear about it every time someone survives a long time with a cancer that had a very poor prognosis.  i don't know how you can really help, but it's good to hear encouraging words from people who have been there.  i suppose on one hand i don't mind dying.  but i'm terrified about the emotional impact on people who love me.  especially one special person who has loved me a long long time who means everything to me.  i don't want to hurt them.  hah, this is the longest i've written about it.  sorry about the wall of text.  but i felt if i could pour out my feelings anywhere, it would be here.  so thanks!  *hugs*
t3_3z3qe7-t1_cyjhfki-cyjnskg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had an anal fissure....around this time last year. i would starve myself because i was so afraid of shitting...i still am because every so often, i'll see blood on the toilet paper/baby wipes. although it doesn't hurt at all like it did when i first got it (maybe i got used to it, maybe it's hemorrhoids...maybe it's cancer. that's why i'm so scared to go see a doctor because a very close friend of mine just died from colon cancer after being diagnosed in april this year.), but i'd panic and get suicidal thoughts everytime i'd have to take a shit. it was a burning, white hot pain where i'd get tunnel vision. saw the worst doctor. as soon as they heard that i was taking suboxone, she immediately goes, "well, i just got done seeing a patient who walked out on me because i wouldn't give her vicodin". i explained i wasn't looking for pain meds (the suboxone would prevent them from working anyway), then she had me do an impromptu speech to her intern on what i'd tell people who would consider getting high off pain medications.  then, she didn't even know what an anal fissure was. she had her intern look it up in this green book she was carrying around. read off the description, the various ways to treat it (i have a high fiber diet, i took sitz and epsom salt baths at least 6 times a day, i was already using 1% lidocaine gel. i told her all of this). she prescribed me 1.5% lidocaine even though it goes up to 3-3.5% i believe. this women obviously didn't know what she was doing.  i swear i've only ever had bad doctors who stop listening once they'd find out i was taking suboxone.
t3_sw2eg-t3_sw2eg-c4hnpru	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6677	i started atkins and morphed to keto early last year, when i was 68. also last year i was diagnosed with rectal cancer and i continued keto during chemo and radiation therapy. i never experienced nausea and never lost my appetite. i lost about 60 lbs in the year since. i continue to loose weight (slowly) so i'm still making progress. i'm now overweight but no longer obese.  that said, i recently watched a video from [specialty health](http://www.youtube.com/user/specialtyhealth?feature=watch) featuring [dr. tara dall](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2cr9ddbvhuk&amp;feature=autoplay&amp;list=ulrenchoaepma&amp;playnext=5) talking about how the current practice of late diagnosis of t2dm allows irreversible changes in the function of the pancreas. so there may be no going back to the high carb life which others have.
t3_3fpkbh-t3_3fpkbh-ctqsfzz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6378	**minor mistake marvin**  &gt; - go to bed thinking i have colon cancer because of blood in both urine and feces  &gt; - after sleepless night realize it's because i've been eating beets from my garden for 2 days straight
t3_2kejo0-t1_clkt8hx-clkwn3w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i checked webmd last night because i had a weird itch in my nostril.  i searched a lot and eventually it came back as stage 3 rectal cancer :(
t3_2uzld9-t1_cod4d14-codb6ja	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my grandfather very suddenly fell ill a few years ago.  the hospital called me and told me that he had fallen and hit his head, and he would be fine.  when i arrived at the hospital after a 7-hour drive, they told me he likely wouldn't make it through the night. turned out he had colon cancer and nobody told the family or myself (i was his emergency contact).   apparently they lied about him hitting his head, and had resuscitated him specifically so that the family could say their goodbyes. at least that's what the nurse told me.  my heart broke when i walked into the room and saw him lying there with tubes coming out his face...under his blanket...his arms...his tongue was blue, he was barely breathing.   i took his hand, he squeezed mine. i looked him in the eyes and saw he was aware of my presence...i kissed him on the forehead and he coded.   the nurse barely did anything. she just asked us to leave the room, and he died several minutes before anyone came to revive him.  i knew about the "slow code" long before this happened, but to see it done to my grandfather - the man who raised me and taught me how to be a man - i almost killed the doctors with my bare hands. words cannot describe the rage.   after an investigation was completed, it was determined that he had in fact fallen and hit his head, but when he got to the hospital, they saw in his file that he had positive test results for colon cancer quite recently. for some reason, they assumed this was why he was in the hospital, and started dosing him with morphine and several other drugs, effectively sedating him to the point where he could no longer function. it wasn't known for sure if he died because of the medication, or other means, but they didn't care enough to find out.  no scans or tests were performed on him when he arrived at the hospital.   when i asked why, they told me it was because "he was shivering", and it would be too difficult to get an accurate scan. i asked how hard they tried, they said they didn't even bother scheduling the tests. they didn't even make any effort to save his life because he was old and slightly ill - the night before the incident, he shoveled snow out of his driveway himself before calling my mother and having a cheerful conversation for hours.  because of that incident, i can't say i agree with assisted suicide 100%. i understand the desire and quite frankly do agree that people should be allowed to go how they want, but please..please do not leave it in the hands of healthcare professionals.
t3_3aezv3-t1_csc057a-csc19df	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	thanks for the response.  it's frustrating, because i don't think i'm a hypochondriac.  i can't for the life of me imagine how i could be creating these symptoms in my mind.  i was in the hospital for 6 days for what turned out to be colitis that got really bad because i was taking prednisone for some gnarly bronchitis.  the prednisone masked the colitis symptoms so i felt no pain, up until my colon developed a small hole in it which sent me to the er.    the 4-5 weeks after being discharged definitely sucked a bunch because i didn't know what was wrong with me and wouldn't know until they did a colonoscopy.  i convinced myself i had colon cancer or crohns or celiac disease or something, ended up being okay, just the colitis which seems to be doing much better now.  but the reason i went back to my primary care doctor was because of strange numb sensations happening in my chin/lower jaw, as well as some strange chest sensations.  he listened with his stethoscope by placing it on my chest, and then the area on my chin, said he thought i was just hyperventilating, said he was going to give me a quick drug test and asked if they would find any illegal drugs in my system, i said no, he said well after this test we will put you on a benzo to see if it can't clear up some of these symptoms.  anyway, it's just frustrating.  i don't think i'm making these symptoms up sub-consciously.  they feel very real to me.
t3_2hbe6h-t1_ckr444y-ckrpsr5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6718	i lost my mother to colon cancer five years ago. it turned me into a bitter,  angry person until surprisingly recently. now, last month, my father was diagnosed with a terminal neurological disease. his initial diagnosis was 6-12 months, but now we believe he won't make it through october.  nothing prepares you for it. the only other thing i can think of would be feel worse would be losing a child.
t3_2ky3t7-t3_2ky3t7-clpttdv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8181	not hair related, but about a similar feeling of intimacy.  i was diagnosed with stage iiia colorectal cancer a little more than a year ago. cancer is usually brutal, but cancer in your intestines tends to get pretty messy and embarrassing. my boyfriend has stepped up so much during this time. i use to feel so ashamed of the challenges my illness gave me. i had an ileostomy bag for 9 months and i hated him seeing it. i'd never let him help me and wouldn't believe that it didn't repulse him. i usually had my mom help me with everything, but one time i needed to change it when she wasn't around and i was crazy sick from the chemo. letting him help me with it, though it was messy and gross, was so important. if he was repulsed he didn't show it at all. he was patient and loving, and supported me throughout calling me beautiful and strong. it's only one of many occasions throughout this process that he's really stepped up and been my rock. i'm glad this chapter of my life is almost close, but the intimacy and trust we found through it is a beautiful gift.
t3_1dpb46-t1_c9tnds4-c9tudsi	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6908	i was very very fortunate. my body was just really sensitive to the change in my sigmoid i think. i had more frequent and narrow stool, lots of upset stomachs. i had been anemic for a year with no known cause, it wasn't until i was passing a lot of blood that i really started to worry though. but even when that was happening i was so scared that i didn't want to know what was wrong, i didn't tell my boyfriend or anyone because it was  embarrassing and i put it off for about 6 months until it started to effect my ability to work. i was so stressed about it and having to use the bathroom so often i had to do something. by then it was lots of blood clots and  tissue and mucous, sorry tmi but i'm so used to talking about poop now. haha. i just up and made a gastroenterologist appt, they happened to have a cancellation that day and it just forced me to go. i think the fact that i knew something wasn't right and was very upset at my first gastroenterologist appt helped. i was crying and saying it's just not normal and there  something wrong. she was a physician assistant and said you probably just have hemorrhoids etc etc and i just burst into tears. so she scheduled me a colonoscopy. i know the stats for younger colon cancer  patients. they don't look for it at my age and its usually not found until the late stage. i feel very thankful. i'm sorry that you stuck in this situation. i'm doing my bachelor's degree in speech an  language pathology and had to put off school for awhile because of both surgeries. not being able to do what you want or planned is so frustrating. and there is no problem with venting because cancer is bullshit. everything about it is unfair. feel free to pm me and vent all you want.
t3_21ldiy-t3_21ldiy-cgetoak	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6767	i lost a young friend to colon cancer almost exactly a year ago.  it went undetected until it was stage 4 and she was in the hospital about to die.  it's unfortunate the modern diet is so shit that 30-year-olds have to worry about this now.  i'm all for a non-invasive test that anyone can do at home once every 6 months or whatever.
t3_3elrsy-t1_ctgpi3s-cth567j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5974	he died almost two years ago, he was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2007, and it metastasized. i try to remember him as he always was. he was very strong and only gave up work three weeks before he died, we wished he'd given it up sooner, but it kept his mind off things. he's one of the reasons i want to become a nurse.
t3_6wzv9-t3_6wzv9-c053sjz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6908	here's a somewhat touching paranormal activity.  my mother passed away from colon cancer in january. we spent the whole day in the hospital and she passed around 5pm. i spent the night at my dad's house. i couldn't sleep so i turned on the radio to have some noise in the background and finally dosed off.  i had a dream that my mom was telling me she loved me. she said "remember i love you, i love you, i love you, i love you."  i woke up in mid-dream (it was 7am) and i hear "i love you, i love you, i love you." it was coming from the radio. i've never heard the song before. it was the beatle's song michelle. [video here. skip to:34 mark](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_xl8ytgdakc)  i cried a little because it felt so real, and i felt like there was a warm presence in my dream and as i woke up. maybe it was just a coincidence, but it's still crazy.   it definitely freaked me out when it first happened. but now, sadly, i feel like it was just a coincidence. but that song now moves me whenever i decide to listen to it.
t3_o33pc-t1_c3dzly8-c3e1mmv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i lost mine to 3 different types of cancer at the same time; lung, colon and intestinal. he suffered so damn much but never complained or let on how miserable he was. he's the strongest person i have ever met in my life and these past 2 years without him have been so hard, but i know he's in a better place, fishing every day and watching over us.   i got this about 3 months after he passed to remind me that no matter how hard things get, it can always be worse and if he can be strong, so can i. http://i.imgur.com/c1bk6.jpg (he drew that for me when i was little, the font is nightmare before xmas cuz it was our favorite movie).  my condolences, op. it's hard, but it's a little bit easier knowing that they're ready and accept it. i wish you the best.
t3_243itz-t3_243itz-ch3f0m4	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i basically just do a lot of nothing. i had to move back in with my parents a little over a year ago. i had stage 4 colon cancer so i had to quit both my job and school. i like to read, watch netflix, listen to podcasts, play guitar, listen to music, etc. i am fairly limited in what i can do physically, but with physical therapy i am starting to be able to go out with friends again or go shopping so long as i don't have to drive or do anything labor intensive.  i also spend a lot of time at doctors appointments. i have to be checked every 3 months to see if i am still cancer free. this is a huge source of anxiety and depression for me. i get roughly 2 months of feeling better now that i'm in remission, but most of the 3rd month is terrifying and extremely stressful.   i do get disability which is nice, but i'd much rather be back in college, working and living on my own. trust me, although this life style might sound nice in theory, in practice it is awful.   tl:dr cancer sucks, try to not get any of it.
t3_4h7e2o-t3_4h7e2o-d2puy1k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7572	i went on remade my junior year of high school and for the first year it was like i was a new person. more energy, better attitude, started lifting and put on 30 pounds of muscle (results may vary); but after about a year my body made antibodies against the mouse protein in it so i got switched to humira. my time on humira was not as great as remade, but definitely better than a flare up. with humira i felt like it helped the frequency without helping the symptoms as much (cramping, bleeding, diarrhea, mucus in stool), but i still felt 90% better most of the time. same thing however, after about a year it stopped working for me.   interesting side note: the chorus teacher in my high school also has crohn's disease and was on humira long term. when he was having a routine colonoscopy they found a tumor in his colon and he had to have surgery to get it removed. the doctors didn't say definitively, but there was some strong feelings that humira played a part.
t3_92t7a-t3_92t7a-c0b8due	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the mere thought of blood in a stool is quite disturbing for many people, but this is an issue that affects thousands of people every year. while some blood may be instantly noticeable, there are types of rectal bleeding that may go undetected. anytime you experience blood in your stool, it is a sign that there may be a serious underlying health problem. medical assistance should be immediately sought and a colon cancer screening should be scheduled.
t3_18krrg-t3_18krrg-c8fnfhp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8032	i'll be, probably, the first person to answer this honestly. my father passed away of colon cancer when i was 14. i was just entering high school and going through severe problems with anxiety and depression. my father was my best friend growing up since i was kind of a loner growing up. going into high school i felt like i had no friends and really had no one to talk to. i had to overcome getting picked on and bullied by kids, but for the first time in my life i was forced to do it without my best-friend/father.
t3_309ur3-t1_cpqnhem-cpqy9lc	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with colon cancer stage iii in 2013.  april will be a year since my last chemo treatment.  glad to hear you're doing well.  :)
t3_3kx7bq-t3_3kx7bq-cv1ce3x	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7946	my rectal cancer was caught at an early stage 2, but their best recommendation was to hit it hard early, so that the chances were good for an excellent prognosis. so i got chemo and radiation right away, followed by a surgery that gave me  colostomy bag (which will be reversed) and i'm in the middle of a 5 month stretch of follow-up chemo treatments. so far as they know, i am cancer free now, but very worn down. it's been an ass-kicker, but in my opinion, very worth it.
t3_1eachh-t1_c9yba87-c9ybiw2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mom. i mentioned casually to her "well, since dad got colon cancer and granddad had it too, they said i should get checked every year after i'm 35" and she just broke in with "well, he's not your dad anyway."
t3_3nlfnv-t3_3nlfnv-cvpp8yp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	please go see a doctor and stop scarring yourself into thinking it's something like cancer, i thought i had colon cancer and went to my doctor, he diagnosed me with colitis and told me bowel movements wouldn't be regular for me anymore. sucks but it's manageable. go see a doctor and stay off of webmd.
t3_3nk9j3-t1_cvpe8ho-cvpeslu	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had about of year of gi issues, ever increasing in intensity. i had massive weight loss, a constant urge to "go", and finally rectal bleeding. i was stupid and ignored them all because "people don't get colon cancer this young." it wasn't until i started losing a lot of blood that i even scheduled a doctor's visit. i was hospitalized the next week.  edit to add: they found the tumor the instant they went in there for the colonoscopy. i had a 10 cm tumor just inside my rectum.
t3_2ytt2o-t1_cpdfvzy-cpdkoya	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i guantee you, if i announced i had prostate cancer, my boys would joke about maybe not taking things up the ass. same with colon cancer, just with more farm animals.  brain cancer would probably result in a joke about finally being able to beat me in trivia crack.  if they didn't, i'd be disappointed. and it would make me feel isolated from my friends.  i recently had a friend in the hospital for a massive foot infection that required surgery and a week hospitialization. i joked that at least now i'd beat him on his own pool table. he went home, and i was there two days later.  i won the 3 game series. he claimed injury. i called him a wussy.
t3_2qt77o-t1_cn9kb38-cna5bcx	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt; upon waking i was told i had stage 4 colon cancer and there was no cure.   that is awful. my mom went through the same thing, they performed surgery but couldn't remove anything. however, when she woke up doctors tried to work and find the best solution. she has stage ivb cc but is responding well to chemo, so hang in there! also, about the puking, your doctor should be able to give you some meds for that, my mom takes them. good luck! edit: i see the puking part was a while ago. anyway, hope you're as comfortable as possible. :)
t3_1t408c-t3_1t408c-ce47vd8	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i don't know what to tell you, i am stage 4 and terminal with colon cancer metastasized in my liver.  currently i am working, i worked through the chemo, the surgeries and the radiation.  it sucked but i did it.  i am not you, and you are not me.  i find that work distracts me from the rest of my problems and is cathartic in its demands on my attention and my forced social interactions.  i am going to guess you are just wired different than me, so go talk to a therapist, get some post cancer counseling and join some groups where you can get some different perspectives about your life in the post cancer world.
t3_1qegwg-t3_1qegwg-cdc208o	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	that's awesome. let him know that even though it's cancer, colon cancer is one of the easier ones to beat. my dad was diagnosed with inbetween stage 3 or 4 (they never could quite make up their minds) and was cancer free after his first surgery and needed no chemo or radiation. his was all contained in a small basketball sized mass that his colon has encased and protected it from spreading. he lost all but 6 inches of his colon and the surgeons messed up something on him and he had to have subsequent surgeries for repairs, but he's been cancer free for 2 1/2 years now and going strong. praying for your friend. my dad is a big goofball and if he had thought of it he would have brought the same thing to his doctor. cheers!
t3_3ow0zu-t1_cw17790-cw1ngv7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've been putting this off because i'm so fucking scare, but i seriously need to talk to my doctor. i have no idea, should i talk to my doctor or go to a hospital with a cancer center?  i'd appreciate the reply from anyone. thanks.    e: it's not colon that i believe it is though.
t3_1tfntb-t3_1tfntb-ce7kmzg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5338	i'm terminal.. i have questioned myself why i continue to do treatments.  it always comes back to quality of life vs quantity of life. i find that right now my treatment helps me live a better life.  even though it sucks! i think the roughest thing is dealing with the various side effects from treatment! (i'm still dealing with side effects from chemo that i took 2 months ago!!!! trust me i get so angry at times because of why and how it happened. ultimately i want to live long enough to get a few items checked off my bucket list and have as much time, quality time with my fiancé as possible.)  i just finished my last round of radiation on the 6th of december with the hopes of shrinking my tumor.   i know that it's not a cure,  but it helps because its shrunken my tumor, which has helped with my pain some what.  i'm going to share a true story about my dad. growing up i had no idea that there was anything wrong with him. maybe it's because my memories are faded or because i was so young, i never knew my dad nearly died multiple times while being operated on for colon cancer in his 30s. i'm sharing this because my story follows his in my own special way. genetics are a bitch!  i was diagnosed with the same disorder as my dad at the age of 12, i had my first colonoscopy then and by age 14 i had stage 0 or 1 colon cancer. that's where my story and his differ.   sorry,  i didn't mean to ramble!!!, i'll get to the point of this rambling tale. when was teenager, my dad decided that he was tired of all the poking and prodding and decided to stop getting any treatment other than palliative care. he was on hospice for a year before getting kicked out because he wasn't dying fast enough! that was in 1995, he was again given a time frame of 6 months,  he defied the odds just because he loved life and he loved his girls and he probably had a list of things he wanted to see. my dad passed on january 5, 2005 at the age of 53, just 1 week shy of his 54th birthday.   the moral is you can do what is right for you and still be ok. at the end of the day i'd rather enjoy what time i do have.  if you do choose to stop treatment it doesn't mean your life is going to end right then and there.  even when it was close to his passing, i remember sitting with him crying because i though he'd croak it shortly after getting put into the hospice house. i'll remember his words til the day i die,  "don't worry princess, it's not today. i'm not going today and just remember i'll always love you."  sorry for this massive post, but i hope i helped, even just a little. if you need a shoulder i'm here hypothetically in reddit space. hang in there!
t3_23cpwk-t3_23cpwk-cgvp55q	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6657	i currently have colorectal cancer.  the 6 weeks of pre-operation chemo that i had sucked, but wasn't as bad as i had feared.  i had to wear a pump that put a little chemo into my system every few seconds.  it made me tired and nauseous and caused some sores in my mouth.  it wasn't fun, but since i have an office job, i was still able to go to work each day. i'm off of it now and am waiting for surgery to remove the tumor.  i can't comment on what the follow up chemo will be like yet, and i'm sure that other more aggressive types of cancer probably have much worse chemo effects than i had.
t3_14mvdt-t3_14mvdt-c7ex744	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm waiting back to here results of my colonoscopy to see if i have colon cancer or not.  positive thoughts towards this being the best news of 2012 for me!
t3_46m0nl-t1_d076coc-d0798pq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am a board certified general surgeon, not a second year medical student memorizing bullet points from first aid. i have seen and treated real people with colon cancer. i was trained in both laparoscopic and open colectomies. i can assure you that i did much more than 5 colectomies before, and i have a hard time understand how anyone who is fully trained would have only done 5 previous cases. since you challenged me on this, i found this paper from the acgme showing that the average number of colon procedures for a graduating general surgery trainee (this samples all of the graduating trainees in the us), is about 60. http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/?term=24209640  the treatment for rectal cancer, colon cancer, and anal cancer are very different. i have been trained based on the us guidelines, of which there are a few, but here are the two main guidelines:  nccn: http://www.nccn.org/patients/guidelines/colon/index.html#40  fascrs: https://www.fascrs.org/sites/default/files/downloads/publication/practice_parameters_for_the_management_of_colon.21.pdf  neither of these guidelines suggest that neoadjuvant chemoradiation should be given for colon cancer. i am not aware of guidelines from brazil, portugal, australia, or japan, or whatever else you would like to cherry pick for to support your bias. and it does not matter.   i sense your frustration with your loved one's cancer. but the way you are reacting is not conducive. what you are doing is something that we as doctors struggle with... the patient or family member with too much research but not enough context or background to make sense of the literature. the references to random country's guidelines, a "convenience sample" (i.e. asking people), and references to meetings, are all attempts to empower yourself and belittle the physician, and frankly this is what pisses most doctors off.  and the elephant in the room is that colorectal surgeon vs general surgeon, neoadjuvant vs primary resection, or  open vs laparoscopic... are red herrings and have nothing to do with why someone would die 6 hours after an elective operation. that is the detail i'd be more interested in.
t3_2dfj1v-t1_cjpyaom-cjpydtf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7384	my grandfather had colon cancer and died in the hospital after months of suffering.  i myself have been in and out of the hospital dozens of times over the years due to various health issues (severe asthma when i was younger, appendix bursting, etc.)  please don't tell me i don't understand, because i do ;p  knowing this, i stand by my point.  a robot can certainly provided needed empathy if it actually had the capability to understand why.  when you feel as shit as you do when a loved one is dying and you can't help them, anyone or *anything* being understanding is comforting.  you'll take it wherever you can get it.
t3_3413yj-t1_cqq8abo-cqqdkxz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i met ian mckellan once but he was saying he wasn't him. anyway, after i figured out it was actually him i was geeking out but not bothering him (he was pretending not to be him for a reason, right?)  anyway, as i was about to leave the place we were both at, he was walking in as i was walking out and he grabbed my arm and leaned in to whisper **"i'm gandalf."**  i am a 39 year old man at this point and i instantly turned into an 8-year old boy. for the next three hours i was just so super psyched fanboying it was ridiculous. #truestory  **tldr: ian mckellan told me he was gandalf**  edit: ok, so people seem to think this is as cool as i did and i realize theres probably some more pertinent details to give. i was keeping quiet about this because i figured he wanted some privacy but it was a few years ago so maybe these details dont matter any more.  this was in salt lake city at the humane society. he was sitting on a bench holding a chihuahua. he looked really thin. he was wearing shorts with socks with sandals but they were like house slipper sandals, just a strap over the top.  i was thinking wow, that guy looks like ian mckellan, it really looks like him.  i walked over and asked if he was ian mckellan and he replied in an american accent "who?" and i replied he was the actor who played magneto and galdolf (my pronunciation) and he corrected gandalf* and i was like "oh, yeah, i guess." then i tried explaining him more saying he was a british actor who had done some great work and he corrected "i think he's scottish" and again, i hadn't figured it out yet so i was like "yeah, well i guess he could be." my girlfriend is next to me at this point and she's already figured it out. but im too dense still. so i tell him to have a nice day and continue to go grab dogs and walk them. (i occasionally go to the humane society just to walk the dogs to keep them calm, acclimate them better to humans, and just to make them happy so they're more adoptable)  as i'm walking dogs my brain is still spinning and i realize the only person with an american accent that would correct me about being scottish, not british, would be wearing a kilt. and i also realize the gandalf/gandolf thing might be the result of an actor who really studied their character. that was ian mckellan! so, i'm psyched but it was obvious he wanted to be left alone so i kept a distance.  he did catch me pointing him out to my son but just smiled a little.  and, of course as i was leaving, i already told you about him saying "i'm gandalf"  i was squeeing the whole drive home wondering why he was in salt lake. i assumed there was some post production sound stuff to do wiith the hobbit and slc has some sound studios that do work for hollywood and those were a short distance from the human society.  what i now believe is that he was in town for colon cancer treatment.
t3_pn345-t3_pn345-c3qv22w	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	colon cancer was causing me to lose blood very slowly. i didn't notice it in passing, or maybe i just dismissed it being in my twenties. this eventually led to extreme anemia, the symptoms of which prompted me to get checked out in the first place.
t3_1rde57-t1_cdmk6j4-cdmkypz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8721	i cried reading your story. his act of adopting you was his way of caring for you beyond his mortal life. when my dad was dying, i was a teen ager and immature. i couldn't cope with it at the time and felt guilty later. but after 20+ years i have made peace and i have a great relationship with my father. every year, i visit the ocean and talk to my father.   my dad's final gift to me was to tell me to get tested for colon cancer. he said it very seriously and sternly. my dad had cancer in his 40s and the doctors didn't catch it in time. i went for my first colonoscopy at age 41 (normally it's done at 50) and they found polyps and removed them. i am fine and don't have cancer. but i know that my dad saved my life by losing his.
t3_34du5g-t1_cqtynhl-cqurl8q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	iirc, fatty acids don't penetrate the blood / brain barrier, or at least not much. so fat probably is not a food this tumor uses.  also many (most?) tumors (mostly non-benign, though) have damaged mitochondria and do not use much other than glucose. again, not all tumors.  my own oncologist was not that positive about my low carb meal plan, but neither did he oppose it. as i am now (according to them) cancer-free, it wasn't a bad idea, in any case.  i had a stage 1 rectal tumor and also received chemo and radiation.
t3_4a1nfk-t3_4a1nfk-d0wxbjb	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	first i just want to say how i'm sorry about the hard time you've been going through and what you will be going theough. i lost my dad last april. he had colon cancer but it wasn't terminal. he had it removed and all was well, but his health was still declining. he always had heart problems and it seemed like a lot of his body was giving out. living day to day knowing that one of those days will be last day you might see him alive will destroy you, but honestly, make the most of them. make happy memories with him. it'll help not only you but also him get through this rough time. it would most likely take a small break from school. i had thought i was ready after the summer but i definitely wasnt. take your time to mourn, you'll need it. honestly, it just takes time. when it happens, it'll hit you hard. i felt like i was suffocating when the police came up to me to ask me questions while telling me at the same time my dad was dead. its heart breaking but it's not the end. just remember the love you had for him and the love he had for you and it'll get you through anything. if you want to ask questions or need to talk to anyone, feel free to message me.  edit: i butchered typing this out, just want to apologize for that. never realized how hard it is to type something on the phone.
t3_1r9gve-t3_1r9gve-cdl3wnm	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8185	man, some of these stories are heart wrenching.  i lost my father in 2007, but he didn't kill himself and it wasn't sudden. he had been slowly dying from colon cancer for the past 11 months or so. it was tough watching this great man i knew deteriorate slowly before my eyes. he was so thin and weak at the end, but he was still smiling and had a full head of hair and beard.  i'll always remember the morning he passed though. 11/19/2007. so, the six year anniversary was just a couple of days ago. that's always hard to deal with.  the whole family was at the hospital with him because we knew this was the end. i was sleeping in an empty room down the hall with my brother when my mother came in and told me it was time and asked if i wanted to see him before he went. of course i did. as much as that hurt to accept, i needed to see my father. my younger brother declined and stayed in the room. i suppose he went back to sleep, though i'm not sure.  as i walked down the dim hallway, i could feel my heart begin to hurt, but the realization and denial wouldn't hit me for weeks after. i entered the room and the family was gathered all around him. my father had his eyes closed and he wasn't speaking anymore.  i was given a chair to sit in and i pulled up next to him and held his hand and began to talk to him.  i told him how much i absolutely loved him and how he was the greatest father i could have ever asked for. that i was going to miss him and that i was sorry for being difficult at times. there are some things i wish i hadn't said now that i think about it. saying sorry about not being smart enough, and the usual kid stuff. he winced when i said that, so i've thought that maybe he was trying to talk and say i had nothing to apologize for. it hurts thinking that might have been it and he couldn't say it. i just hope i didn't cause him stress or sadness at the end because of my words.  after i was done talking i leaned in and kissed his forehead and then lifted him up and gave him a hug. that's when he released his two last breaths and passed away.  my father died in my arms, and the strangest thing is, is that i could feel it. this vacancy and force that had left his body. it's really hard to describe. i'm not religious in the slightest, but i've always thought about that.  i agree with some of the other posters. the body is of the person you loved. but it isn't really them anymore. it's just a shell. it's weird seeing that shell, of anyone, but it was especially hard to deal with at a young age, and when that shell is your father.  damn i miss him.  that's all i'm going to write for now. i am starting to get depressed and i really don't want to go down that road.
t3_2cs9da-t3_2cs9da-cjir6a3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6696	sorta same thing happened to me two weeks ago. guy at work was 1 hour late on monday, i call him asking if he would be coming in to work today, he replies "no, im at the hospital. i have rectal cancer." (i think its called that in english). i can safely say i wasn't expecting that.  he was feeling super ill the thursday before and went home early. when he came home he went directly to the hospital where they found out that he had cancer and then he was operated on saturday and given a colostomy.  im no doctor, but i think given that he was operated 2 days after finding out, it is pretty serious. he hasn't said how serious it is, he is talking as this is just a thing he needs to get through and he is back at work , granted he's not doing as much as he was doing before (lifting stuff etc), so hopefully its not as serious as i think it is.
t3_4iovgj-t3_4iovgj-d30f10q	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hi there i have colon cancer since spring 2013. i have been in treatment pretty much ever since. i suffer under the side effects from chemo and yes, honestly, sometimes during bad days i wonder if it is worth it (my treatment is palliative).  but then, there are good days like today when it is crystal clear that i want to stay a little longer. these days and this feeling is predominant in my thinking. it might be in your mom's too. and as long as it is, it is very reasonable to continue treatment in my eyes. i assure you: there can be happiness - and dignity - even in a situation like this.  are you afraid that she does it not for herself but her family? it might be good to tell her that you would not want that. but i'd probably not tell her that you prefer her to stop treatment. it could be offensive. it would be to me, but maybe she is different.
t3_3lahv8-t1_cv4lcil-cv4r0od	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the risk isn't just for women. men, and women for that matter if unvaccinated, can get colon and/or rectal cancer from sex with an infected partner. it's not fair to protect just girls while leaving boys at risk. my son is 6 months old, i have no idea what his sexual orientation is going to be. i am going to be supportive of him no matter what it is. i've seen what forcing a loved one to closet themselves can do and i won't make him feel that way. that being said, i'll be old and uncool and no kid wants to discuss that with their parents. at least i remember being terribly embarrassed about it when i was younger. i don't want to wait until he tells me to protect him if he's gay or bisexual. if i protect him the same way i would a girl, i'll be protecting not only my son, but any partners he has.
t3_1owd6p-t1_ccwbjps-ccwc603	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes. as a matter of fact. i was diagnosed with prostate cancer at the age of 45. i had regular digital rectal exams but what caught it was the psa level in my blood test. fortunately it was caught so early, that i just had the prostate gland removed and i've been in remission ever since. ( 2 1/2 years). i can't stress enough to get examined regularly (once a year) after you hit 40. if i waited till i was 50 or later. it would have been a much bigger deal as the cancer could have spread outside the gland. then i would have probably had to deal with radiation / chemo treatments  and what not.
t3_3dw5c5-t3_3dw5c5-ct9lh8p	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6693	my mother was like, hated doctors, thought they were idiots who didn't know anything. she got rectal bleeding and refused to go to the doctor for over a year until the cancer ate thru a major blood vessel and she collapsed from blood loss. the real kicker? she was a nurse who should have know better.  going to the doctor is scary because you don't know what they will find. not finding something in time to cure it is way scarier.  tell hubby he is ruining life for his family.
t3_1sen46-t3_1sen46-cdwuuzw	colon_cancer	relevant	0.601	i guess some do it differently, but i had chemo for stage i rectal cancer 2+ years ago. i got a port (powerport [tm]) for the chemo injections, so they didn't have to use my veins. it's still in (i'm keeping it for ~5 years) and when i need a blood test, i have the nurse doing the port check take the blood at the same time.  it's basically a small lump in my upper chest. for more info, see [here](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/port_(medical\)).  oh, and it appears to be all gone. but i'm remaining on a low carb eating plan to keep it gone.
t3_1gmiog-t1_calpvl7-cals5ye	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i hate to be that guy but while it is the noble thing to do as you've described, i don't really support the charity picked by humble bundle. i do my fair share of donations to organizations that i feel deserve it more and when i make a humble bundle purchase, i do an 80/20 split between developer/humble bundle instead.  don't get me wrong, they are great organizations, i just have stronger feelings for other organizations and would definitely put it in for charity if it was an organization like doctors without borders or colon cancer alliance but as it stands, i do not feel strongly for child's play or eef.  i appreciate your contributions though. thank you.
t3_4wkg55-t1_d67uss4-d67v6mf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.676	i'm currently in cambodia so that's not really an option at the moment. i could get to an international hospital but the closest one is bangkok. as it only happens occasionally should i head there now or should i relax? or both? if it was from colon cancer would the bleeding be consistent?
t3_45uooh-t3_45uooh-d00fd5z	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	forgive me, this went long.  i've never written it out before.  we always knew my dad would die on his own terms.  alzheimer's runs in his side of the family, and he swore that he wouldn't allow himself to live long enough to lose himself to it.  he made it to 79, and he was proud to the end that he didn't lose any mental function.  when he got colon cancer at 78, he went through the chemo and the rest of it.  but after that, he decided that he wouldn't fight it again.  he wanted to keep his dignity, not die surrounded by machines.  so after the chemo was declared a success, he stopped going to the doctor.  i went to visit him for father's day / my birthday in 2014 and he was a skeleton.  he could barely stand.  he ate, but afterwards threw it all back up.  but he was upbeat and strong as ever.  when i got home, i remember telling my friend:  "i don't think he'll last the year." it felt surreal.  like...i knew what was happening, but i was still in shock.  two days later i got the call from my brother: my sister had made my dad go to the doctor, and the doctor gave him two to three weeks to live.  i collapsed on the floor and screamed and howled into the carpet until i was too exhausted to move.  we all drove back to visit, knowing it was the last time.  he didn't want us to sit around waiting for him to die.  my dad was at peace, and he had the strength to not only face death with a positive outlook, but to support all of us in our grief.  it was obvious he'd been preparing for a long time.    i drove home from that visit crying, knowing i'd never hug him again. i had a trip to germany planned, and he refused to let me cancel it.  so we all skyped daily for the next three weeks.  towards the end, he would lie in the bed hospice brought and listen to us talk.  my brother kept insisting maybe he'd get better - "so, dad, have you tried eating today?  maybe today it will stay down" - but of course he didn't.  it's the little details that stick with me.  we cooked him shrimp when we last saw him.  i remember the butter melting in the pan.  i remember the pot on the floor next to his armchair so he had somewhere to throw up.  his fingers shaking as he lit a pipe.  murder she wrote on netflix - he finished the series in those last few weeks and was really happy about that.  i was in a greyhound station coming back home from the airport when i got the call that it was finally over.  by that point, i'd already grieved, already come to a sort of acceptance.  for a while, i felt worse about not feeling worse than i did about the whole thing.  like...should i have grieved harder?  fuck cancer, fuck it for making him literally starve to death.  and yet...all the way to the end, my dad lived on his own terms.  his will was fucking indomitable, and even though cancer killed him, it never beat him.  it still hits me now and then, but i feel fortunate to have that thought to comfort me.
t3_4ea6tc-t1_d1ybckl-d1ybpz6	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6708	don't know yet, it's papillary and only 1 cm, the doctor says based on his experience it looked to be low-grade--but i asked him the difference in appearance between a low-grade and high-grade tumor and he just said "i can tell based on experience," so it's possible he was just trying to keep me optimistic until the biopsy results come back.  i'm incredibly lucky--they did a ct scan on my colon because i was having diarrhea, lo and behold a spot turned up on my bladder, they thought it was nothing, but after the cystoscopy today they are pretty positive it's cancer.
t3_2nfcda-t3_2nfcda-cmd646f	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	so,  when i was 18 i was diagnosed with colon cancer.  i was really shocked at my diagnoses,  because i had always associated colon cancer with older men,  people who were in their 40s and 50s.  i'm in good shape too.   back then i didn't work out every day,  but i had a healthy diet.  i was 5'11 and weighed 160lbs.  the only explanation doctors could come up with was that it had a history on my dad's side of the family,  as it wasn't present in my mom's side.  i was a bastard child who never knew my dad (no,  i'm not half black).  chemo was awful,  as anyone with cancer will tell you. i had actually waited a while to go to the doctors with my problems,  as i was so focused on school.  i was tired from chemo,  and it was a while ago,  but iirc,  they were concerned that i had ignored it for too long,  and i had let it turn into an extremely dangerous situation.  they feared that it may have spread beyond my colon.   at that point i had guessed that i was a dead man,  and i didn't want to waste away.  my "last day" was a week after my final exams in my first year university.  i had actually decided around two weeks before my "last day" that i was going to commit suicide,  but i just couldn't leave my exams incomplete.  it felt as if i was leaving unfinished business behind. and yes,  i didn't drop out of school,  even though everyone had urged me to,  and part of me wanted the same thing.  i got the diagnoses rather late in the semester,  past mid-terms.  i felt that dropping out for any reason would just be a waste of my work.   i also wanted time to say goodbye to my friends girlfriend and family.    that day,  i spent most of the day by myself.  it was in december,  and i love winter,  still do.  i walked around the woods near my house for a while.  then i went to a fast food place,  and gorged myself on my favourite meal they served.   then i went home and i finished a book about richard nixon while i listened to johnny cash.  even to this day,  i'm not entirely sure why i decided to spend my "last day" reading about nixon,  when there were so many other things i could have done but i did. you guys actually have no idea how much that has haunted me.  i've spent numerous sleepless nights since then wondering why i spent what i thought would be my last day on earth reading about richard nixon. eventually i finished the book.  went to my gun case,  and took out a rifle i had bought to practice shooting,  just a .22 rifle.  for my parents sake,  i decided not use my mossberg.  then i wrote my suicide notes for my parents, and girlfriend.  then i laid down to "rest my eyes" for a bit.   i actually entirely fell asleep,  and i woke up at noon the next day.   my mom had the next few day off work,  and i didn't want to commit suicide with her in the house,  so i put my gun away,  walked downstairs,  and ate breakfast,  as if nothing happened.   a few days later i got a phone call from my doctor telling me to go meet him.  at the meeting i was told that the cancer did not spread to my other organs.  oh,  and a few days after that,  i got my exam marks back.  lowest mark was an a-,  proving that not all bastards know nothing.
t3_3dq847-t1_ct7uydh-ct7v90k	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i honestly have no idea. i've been going from doctor to doctor the past few years and non of them seem to care. my last doctor told me that it was probably just acid reflux disease. i'm at a doctor who specializes in gastrointestinal stuff now and she's been running tests like crazy this week to figure it out. stool samples, a full spectrum blood test, about to get a colonoscopy...she believes it's possibly chrone's disease or possibly colon cancer (grandmother died from that) so hopefully in the next few days i'll have an actual diagnosis for the first time in 6 years. if you want i can pm you if  i find out what it is
t3_45uh1e-t3_45uh1e-d0099i1	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	normally i would say atleast i don't bleed 5 days a month, but since i have colon cancer i bleed every day. so being 6'6 and 350 pounds being ugly and a man is a plus
t3_3l91ef-t3_3l91ef-cv4jtmw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so glad to be back to running!    cruddy run last night because my audio queues bugged out, but i salvaged the run pretty much, was just pretty much in a funk for the whole run and things went slower than they had been.  the important thing i was still running.  w5d1 of c25k next, really excited to be done and get back to b210k!  i actually have 2 upcoming runs:  * this sunday, the annual colon cancer run, signed up because i have done it every year (except 1) since my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer, i am no where near ready for it, but no one else in my family decided to do it this year so i'm going to keep doing it.  * next saturday, its a 4 mile run, which again i' wont be ready for but i'lll just do my c25k run that day and hope for the best.  the great thing its through the zoo, so if i walk, i see animals!  i signed up for this last spring before i quit running. (was about this point in c25k).  so if everything goes well my next run i sign up for will be a 10k, if i can redo my first 10k i ran a couple of years ago in november, great! but i'm going to wait until i'm pretty close to ready for it before signing up.   **edit**: damn i forgot my fenix3 comes today!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! i am so excited!!!!!!!!!!
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfi2w6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	like many others, found a lump in my breast. went through surgery, chemo, and radiation in 2005. unfortunately, now i have been diagnosed with colon cancer, and i'm just not fighting any more. i know this sounds depressing, but as far as i can tell, cancer always wins. it's just a question of how much time you have. i wish the best of luck to everyone here who has it beat, though, and hope you will always stay cancer free. cancer sucks.
t3_11uph4-t3_11uph4-c6pun80	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6572	i fought off rectal cancer last year, with which was diagnosed shortly after i started atkins, then transitioned to keto. so when i see a pizza, i say to myself, "do i want to go through that again?" and my answer is, "**no**."
t3_4tjy3g-t3_4tjy3g-d5mwvvc	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6557	its been four months that i lost my dad... i dont really know what i want to share.. just that sometimes i feel it doesnt get any easier... i was closer to him than anyone..i was always daddys girl afterall :) and with him gone,its like.. such a void... he had colon cancer too.. after 1month of bring diagnosed he passed away.. we had no idea he would..because the surgery was said to be successful... it was a shock. and its the first loss im experiencing.. sometimes i tell myself ok..im moving on and accepting reality.. he is in a better place.. but then the memories come..i keep replaying the funeral and evrything in my head. i dont do it by choice. but it just happens. i alienate myself a lot because when im surrounded i tend to feel numb or irritated. sometimes theres unexplainable anger..i hurt my surrounding by saying harsh words and i do regret afterwards and i hate myself for this. i just dont know what to do to stop missing him or to just be normal or to just accept things . im tired of crying..yet it never stops. im sounding like a kid..i wish i was. i wouldnt be accountable for my actions and reactions then. sorry i shared more than i should have.  im sorry for your loss. i pray it gets easier.
t3_3ovfxg-t1_cw0xq38-cw11yvv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.74	he had colon cancer than metastasized to his liver.  he identified that it has a regional or distant spread, because they said it is non-operable.  not to be a debbie downer, but [the 5-year survival rate is between 2-7%.](http://www.cancer.org/cancer/livercancer/detailedguide/liver-cancer-survival-rates)
t3_3dnm1h-t1_ct87czd-ct87igu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; miralax is a mild laxative that works by drawing water into your gut. i find the cramps are worse when i'm constipated, and it's the easiest one on my system that i've found so far.  again this is the exact same for me! it gets worse when my stool starts to back up into my colon. i use something called lactoluse solution. i have a feeling that it does the same job but it's just named differently because i am in the uk.   what tests did you have done? i have asked for a colonoscopy but they wont give me one at the moment. i've had a stool test done and i'm having a blood test next week that is going to check for calic disease, chrons, anemia and a few other things. i would really like to rule out colon cancer too. i have had quite a bit of mucus as of late and 3 times i have had some blood but it's rare. i seem to get the blood when i'm badly blocked up. i think i have given myself an internal hemorrhoid, lol.
t3_1n96t7-t3_1n96t7-ccgtgxp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i dunno if you guys were aware, but hemorrhoids cause bleeding.  unfortunately, if you never have any discomfort and this is the first symptom you notice, you mostly just discover a toilet full of blood after you poop, and it's fucking terrifying.  went to the er because i thought i had colon cancer or something.
t3_40cunh-t1_cyt68yz-cytoqv4	colon_cancer	relevant	0.669	as a 26 year old who was just diagnosed with colon cancer a few months ago, i would definitely recommend getting checked earlier then that. a colonoscopy is nothing to be afraid of, but some of the procedures i've had done since i've had the cancer certainly have been (contrast enema, anyone?.) just get it done, and if any things there, it can get taken care of at the root. i certainly wish i was aware of the family connection, and that i could've caught this before it required an intense surgery, progressed beyond my colon, and now requires several extensive and long term treatments that aren't even guaranteed to work.  starting chemo tomorrow morning. wish me luck.
t3_15brd2-t1_c7l0rk0-c7l4h3b	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my dad is a gastro doc. he never talked about his work, and has always been pretty emotionally distant. we didn't have a good relationship till i was a senior in high school, but once we did i asked him how he dealt with telling patients they had little time left. his usual answer was "tell them they have x months on average, give tissues"  that day he told me about a 33 year old girl with late stage colon cancer he had to tell... that story never leaves me. it will likely never leave him. i respect him a shitload for it tho.
t3_1cktkb-t1_c9hgi3h-c9hl1jh	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i know what it's like not having a support system. diagnosed 19, early stage colon cancer, remission 21. i'm 36 now. i eat bad things. i'm missing part of my colon (a very tiny part, though) and i don't care. each year i scan negative for cancer cells is a victory.  fight on, lady. fight on.
t3_qcv5y-t3_qcv5y-c3wm6s1	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	backstory: my father and i never really got along growing up and always got in fights.   fast forward to about 3 years ago, and he's now living in california and i'm in colorado. i find out he has been diagnosed with colon cancer and i can't get time off to visit him. when i got the call after his surgery that e was cancer free, i lost it.   two years ago he moved back to colorado and he's my best friend. best feeling ever.
t3_16s84x-t1_c7yvxu9-c7z5dpf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7982	this. coping with cancer, and living through it, is just as important as finding a cure.  source: watched my mother-in-law pass away last year from colon cancer after fighting it for 6 years.
t3_1ejqr7-t1_ca1e9bm-ca1g1ua	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	that's what i was thinking as well. no external hemorrhoids, so hopefully they are internal and not some severe intestinal issue! i will look into getting an endoscopy as well! is it a good idea to do an antibodies blood test before, or just dive right into an endoscopy? my dad also had a colonoscopy done regarding his malabsorption (? i guess his age you can expect things like colon cancer etc.) but the colonoscopy did not show anything. i wish they had done an endoscopy as well as he has quite a few symptoms that jump out as celiac to me.
t3_3t574n-t3_3t574n-cx3bhrj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7394	my dad had cancer, and over the course of a few years it spread from his colon to other areas throughout his body.  he was first treated in the summer of 1999.    in the summer of 2004 we were able to go to disney world since he loved going there and he felt good enough to enjoy it.  there were a few rough patches where he was really worn out, but he really had a great time.    in november of 2004 he was in a care facility, essentially hospice, the cancer had spread too far throughout his body and there was no treatment.  the hospital was a couple hours from where i was currently living, and one evening i decided that i wasn't going to drive there and visit him, because my sister was planning on going the next day so i decided to go with her.   when we arrived at the hospital, we initially thought my dad was either sleeping or had just received a dose of pain meds,  turns out he had passed away and the nurses didn't even know.  i don't know if i will ever get over the guilt of not going out to visit him the last night that he was alive.  it helps a little knowing that if i had gone the previous night, my sister would have been alone and found him like that, so i'm thankful that we were there together for support.  it's also likely that he wouldn't even realized that i was there since he was on so many pain meds he was rarely coherent.  i just wish that i had that one more chance to hold his hand.  fuck cancer, now i'm tearing up sitting in my office.
t3_1exjt8-t3_1exjt8-ca4rqey	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8988	this is exactly what happened to me.  thought it was gallstone pain, found out it was colon cancer that had already spread to my liver.  1-2 years to live.  :(  i'm very sorry about your friend.  i hope she can find public assistance of some sort.  i'm struggling to hold on to my job right now while i'm doing chemo.  fortunately i have an understanding employer.
t3_2etczn-t3_2etczn-ckanui2	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	agree with other posters, everyone's diagnosis is very personalized and not all are treated the same.  my own experience? my husband was diagnosed colon cancer stage iiic (11 of 21 lymph nodes were positive). he did 6 months of chemo (did not lose his hair) and was given an all-clear....or so we thought. about 9 months later a tumor was found in his liver. due to its location it is inoperable. he went through more aggressive chemo (including hair loss), but it was just too far advanced and multiple treatments and clinical trials were unsuccessful. his last chemo treatment was in mid-may. he entered home hospice about a month ago and is in advanced liver failure secondary to the cancer. he likely has very little time left.  i don't mean this to be discouraging, as i and others have stated, everyone's disease, treatment and prognosis is different. this was meant as more of a don't let your guard down and stay on top of any side effects, illnesses, symptoms, etc to make sure nothing falls through the cracks!  good luck to your family!!!
t3_47s46g-t1_d0g9ac4-d0gf1rj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	pretty sure you are younger than me so i am sorry. i am 43 and he was 72. what sucked was my mom died in january 2014 from lung cancer and he died after going in for surgery for colon cancer. cancer sucks man. i want to be able to make some pretty big donations to cancer wards both here and montreal. i give every year  but i want to hopefully make a difference. but i wont be able to do t hat if i sit around being a downer :) i really am going to buy a carbon at. i am gonna email them now about where and how to buy in canada. what is the warranty like though? i read horror stories about those segway things. bursting into flames and shit
t3_3yk008-t3_3yk008-cye3rn0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.842	my dad had surgery for rectal cancer recently.  he had everything from his anus to his colon removed and his asshole sewed shut.  there were complications during surgery and that night he was in a 50/50 situation.  when i arrived at the hospital tuesday morning i knew he was doing much better and going to be fine because from the door to the icu i could hear "these people are fucking idiots!  the nurses...idiots!  doctors, idiots, everybody here is a fucking idiot!"
t3_3ph228-t1_cw69ip4-cw6b3ax	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	untested, also you did not specify that it was colon cancer that had spread into his blood and now had attached to the liver (and most likely other places). all he said was that it could (most likely) affect liver cancer that has metastasized, but not secondary liver cancer.   and how do you think his colonrectal cancer spread to his liver? well, it could be hematogenous, which is cancer spreading through the blood vessels, but not being leukemia.
t3_40t53k-t1_cyxb9rf-cyxgktm	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5991	i didn't follow through.  this was going on when i was 20, a year after my mother passed away from colon cancer.  i was a hypochondriac like the real kind.  literally thought i was dying every day.  that stress coupled with way to much alcohol from depression made my entire digestive system pissed.    i went in got into scrubs and just left after that.  told the nurse that i was having a panic attack and was leaving, they tried to calm me down even offered some xanax but i said no and left.  that's been a year and i haven't died of colon cancer so i think im good.  my digestive system is much better (2 years later) now, not 100% before all the bulshit but better.
t3_35kju3-t1_cr5kqws-cr5nc2a	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	she was worried about me changing my mind later. i am super lucky in that my mother only wants me to be happy. she was super scared about me changing my mind in 10 years and having that door closed for good because i did not freeze some. right now she is fighting stage 3 colon cancer so i went ahead and froze the sperm so she would have less stress right now fighting that monster of a disease.
t3_2ti3d3-t1_cnzbj29-cnzx3a0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7956	i talked to my doc when i turned 40 and apparently it is now 50. when i told him i lost my mom to colon cancer he immediately wrote a scrip. 4 polyps one was quite big
t3_1xr2me-t3_1xr2me-cfe7pau	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with colon cancer a few years ago. i was in my mid 30s and terrified i was going to lose her. they caught it just in time, before it spread and she had surgery and is 4 years cancer free. be there for him, spend time with him, i even went with her to her appointments and stuff so she knew she wasn't going through it alone.   your dad's chances if it hasn't spread are probably good (although the doctors will be able to tell you). he can get through this. big internet hugs to you and your family.
t3_2l4c3g-t1_clre0o6-clree5t	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i am 43 now, 38 at diagnosis, stage 3d3 colon cancer. when i came to the cross roads of chemo or not. i looked at my 2 yo son and my pregnant wife and thought. if i don't do the chemo i could not tell my family i did everything at my disposal to be here the longest amount of time. i did not want to be 2 years out with metastatic cancer eating the last ounce of me saying damn --i should have done the chemo.     if i were in your place i would be compelled to do the chemo. even after my very poor experience with the chemo. i wanted to quit so many times. i cried in the parking lot of the infusion center more times than i care to admit. it was worth it to me to chase the extra 30 percent in survival status.
t3_3gggmx-t3_3gggmx-ctyibv1	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother was diagnosed with colon and kidney cancer in 1998 when she was 38. doctor said she had less than 3 or 4 months to live. i was 8 and my brother 6, we didn't really understand what was happening back then. she lived during 15 years, it was tough for her (very tough), she was only cancer free during 3 months on 15 y. but still she always seemed full of energy and joyful, she kept being active, even if the treatments were hard on her.  so i don't know about your exact situation, but in 1998 the treatments against cancer were a lot worst than they are today, but still she lived during 15 years, when the doctors gave her 3 months at most, even if it wasn't easy. the main reason why my mother could never get healed was because the tumor was too closed to her aorta so they couldn't operate (she also had lungs cancer, that what killed her).  best of luck.
t3_11mpgq-t3_11mpgq-c6nvmxd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7422	my dad was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1998, when i was 4. my family tried many, many different treatments, none of them worked. we even went to mexico for a procedure that wasn't legal in the us yet. he died in the summer of 1999, shortly after my 5th birthday. i don't remember his last words, but i do remember him finally coming home after he decided there was nothing left to try. my parents' bed was replaced with a hospital bed, and he read me my favorite little bear book. the next time i saw him was in his casket at the funeral home. i thought he was sleeping, and cried like a baby when they closed it.   fuck, here i am in my school's library, tearing up.
t3_1dkfs4-t3_1dkfs4-c9r5mm3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6498	my brother was diagnosed with stage4 colorectal cancer 6 years ago. i went right in and got a colonoscopy but it was clear (i was only like 32).  i have not been back.  i feel like since there weren't even any polyps up in there, that i must have gotten all the stupid-yet-hearty genes and he got all the smart-but-sickly genes.  i'm sure i'll be fine.
t3_2yxwid-t3_2yxwid-cpe1xjq	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was stage 2 colon cancer.  the surgeon pulled 50+ lymph nodes that were all negative (which is a lot of lymph nodes to check).  i still did the chemo.  the oncologist recommended it due to the fact i was on the young side (35 at the time).  without chemo my chance of recurrence based on genetic analysis was 16%.  with the chemo it was 8%.  i felt like i should do everything in my power to make sure it didn't come back.  i wouldn't regret doing the chemo, but i would regret not doing it if it came back.  as always, he will have to make the decision that makes sense to him, but why not use every tool available?  chemo is a hell ride, but cancer is worse.
t3_4pqfcf-t1_d4n2p0c-d4n3o6y	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6334	i had a 9cmx2.5cm mass in my left lung. it wasn't solid, it was what they call a ground glass opacity. but my pulmonologist was baffled that at that size i wasn't having symptoms. a bronchoscopy didn't show anything and i ended up having a surgical or vats wedge biopsy. my mass ended up being chronic organizing pneumonia, which is actually an inflammatory disease that they don't know the cause of. of course in the process of getting that diagnosis they saw spots on my liver and we ended up discovering that i have colon cancer with tumors in my liver and some microscopic spots in my lungs. but that wasn't related to the mass. go figure.   i know it's hard but i'd try to not worry too much until he gets the biopsy results. there are other things it could be besides cancer. and if it is cancer, it's a good thing that they find it before he's symptomatic. one of the reasons lung cancer is so deadly is that it's not usually found until it's really advanced because that's when the symptoms show up.   fingers crossed for you for good news after the biopsy!
t3_3mumgm-t3_3mumgm-cvjvm8v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this really hit home to me for some reason, maybe because my grandpa died of colon cancer when i was small.  i'm so sorry he's gone now, but i'm very glad he got to be there for you on that day. considering how close you seem to be with him, he sounds like he was a good dad. i'm sure he was glad he got to be there too. he looks so happy, and so do you.
t3_1qfnps-t3_1qfnps-cdcebzr	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had chemo in 2005 for breast cancer, made it this far. but, now i have colon cancer and doctors recommended removal of the colon, however, i would have to have an ostomy bag. so, i have declined the surgery. it's hard because in my experience, once cancer drops in, it's coming back.  just love him. that's it. it's helpful to me just to have people around who give a damn. you do, and that means more to him than anything. and, you don't have to be brave every second, he knows you're hurting.
t3_3b04p8-t1_csi5pme-csip3yr	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5942	i agree with this. i have anal cancer as well, and the treatment and side effects of treatment are pretty horrible. i have major digestive issues that i hope won't be permanent, but they might be. it pushed me into early menopause at 43. and i still have pain from the surgery months later - might be permanent also. i'm younger than ops dad and mine was only stage 2. but i had a tumor that was over 50% of the rectal area and the surgery was very painful.   i have considered many times that if i had known the reality of the side effects, would i have opted for just the surgery and taken my chances?  i don't know. being so young, and knowing the fatality of later stage rectal cancers, it was worth it. if i were older, i don't know. it was pretty bad experience going through chemo and the side effects. if it comes back, i'm honestly not sure what i'll decide to do.   having a colostomy bag is gross at first, but it gets less gross over time. i was in the hospital for 3 weeks after chemo due to a bad reaction, and while i was there, i learned to not be grossed out by anything. after i got home, i had to deal with all the gross stuff on my own, and now, whatever.   as for impotency, that's a tough one. i think radiation is what is most likely to cause that. talk to your doctor. for women, they use a vaginal spacer during radiation to help avoid the reproductive organs. it doesn't guarantee that it will be ok, but it increases the chances. maybe there's something they can do for men, too.   late stage anal cancer is a death sentence, and treatment is worse. stage 3 is already pretty up there. i'd go with the treatment and have a long life, than take the risk.
t3_2h5kal-t3_2h5kal-ckq3vxj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7643	when i was 16 i was trying to bulk up considering i was always the skinny kid. after trying to do abs and being in too much pain, i knew something was wrong. i stopped working out. then school started. i missed a couple days every week. after months and months i knew something was wrong. after going to the doctor she said she could feel stool in my intestines and kept asking if i was constipated. my 11th grade year i went to 4th quarter a whole 5 hours. everyday i woke up and felt too sick and was in too much pain to go to school. after sitting on my couch for a few months they biopsied and found non-hodgkin's lymphoma. only stage 2a. as "unlucky" as cancer is i got pretty lucky. it was isolated, and after a surgery to remove the mass around my colon i had 7 weeks if chemo. now i'm about 2 years out. never looking back.   tldr; too much pain in my abdomen to work out. a year of pain they finally biopsied it.
t3_qq6c5-t1_c3ztxxu-c3zwbsg	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6587	well then i guess i can kind of help you. i went months and months without taking medication. not for insurance reasons, but because i was young and kept forgetting to take them. my symptoms never reappeared, and i was convinced that the pills were a bunch of bologna. eventually they did reappear, and at full force too. i had never had such a bad flare up, and with all the medication in the world it didn't go away. i was hospitalized for 15 days at a time, with limited success with cyclosporine. after a short period of time, even that failed. the only option left for me was to get my colon removed, or get cancer from my super diseased colon. so yes, i guess for a short while i was able to get through uc without medication, but looking back i don't recommend it.
t3_2dzxfn-t1_cjv5as0-cjvp75y	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7459	ah, i forgot: the vaccine i was talking about is to prevent cervix cancer. there is no vaccine to prevent all the cancers at once. just wanted to make that clear.  i am sorry that cancer is frequent in your family. i don't want to scare you too much but that is another reason to start your controls at the gynecologist. especially if there is breast, ovary or cervix cancer or something like that in your family. even more so if it was your mom or sister who had it.  also for other types of cancers, if it runs in your family, it may make sense to start controls early. especially if: one of your parents was affected. even more if it was at a relatively young which age? or if one of your siblings was affected. i read that for my type of cancer (colon cancer), the children of the patient and probably also the siblings should get checked out at the age of the patient at diagnosis minus 10 years (it was at a trustworthy place, don't remember exactly where though, i've read so much). (i was diagnosed at age 28, my children (sadly i will most likely never have children of my own) would have to go to their first exam at age 18.) i once asked my oncologist for one of my friends whose mother has had colon cancer too (she beat it). he told me 5 years instead of 10. so yeah, don't know exactly.  that meant that my parents and siblings have been checked. for them it was obligatory (as in highly encouraged, there's now law who forces you obviously), same thing for my aunts/oncles and grand-parents. because they are related to me and over 50 years, i think that they should go get checked (i don't know if everybody has been, but we told them to go). it is a bit less obligatory for cousins. many have been (especially on the side of my father whom had a few small polyps (my mother had none)). but what the doctors say is ambivalent. one told me that if his cousin had colon cancer he would go have an exam. my oncologists sad that it was a matter of taste somehow. he wouldn't say that it is obligatory for cousins. but it is surely not unwise. and i am sure that other oncologists would insist to go more than he does.  very long answer, i am sorry. again: not to scare you. but i figured, i could give you an idea based on my experience. so, very important: every cancer is different. what is valid for colon cancer can be too panicky for other cancers but also too easy-peasy. so this gives at most really only a general idea.  but again: better safe than sorry.   ah, and after the first exam, you go from there... this means that my brother who had no polyp at all will have to go for his next exam in a few years, but the other one who had a few polyps will have to go again after a year. then they will have an idea of how fast they grow (the ones he had have been removed, but they will see if within a year there are new ones already visible).   may i ask which kinds of cancers have been in your family. is there one type that has been more frequent than others (this could - i don't know it though) my be an indicator for a higher risk.  really: don't panic! that's really not my goal. but an exam is not as shitty as cancer. you will most likely not be diagnosed with cancer. but maybe, who knows, there will be polyps (that can be removed very easily) like in my brothers case. (he will most likely never get cancer, even if he is at a great risk. but polyps can be removed easily and even when it is already cancer, it is highly treatable if caught early (which was not the case for me, but will probably be for my brother if he goes to his check-ups)).  sorry, very long post. it is a subject very important to me. (obviously.)   ps: english is not my first language. sorry if something is unclear (i'm not offended if you ask what i meant) or if the wording is weird/clumsy.
t3_25im8u-t3_25im8u-chhs629	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5348	my step dad had a weird sweet smell to his breath that i noticed. one day he went to the hospital due to a side ache, and was diagnosed with cancer in his colon and liver, and he died six months later. i've always thought there was a connection. it was a smell i'd never smelled before. not bad, just unusual. i had always suspected it was related, but what was i supposed to say, "your breath is weird, go see a doctor"?
t3_10ojp3-t1_c6ffg01-c6ffjma	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8358	my fault entirely for going for brevity rather than giving more context and background. also, no pun intended, i *am* an asshole. so there's that. i think it's just less rational when it becomes deeply personal and likely to affect you directly in your lifetime. i'll do all i can for acs, but it bothers me that i may very well be affected by the whims of advertising and promotion. i'll never stop wondering if colon cancer treatment could be better today if it had been given the attention that bc has.  as far as the testing goes, i didn't see the positive in getting the genetic screening. i went back and forth on it until i talked to my doctors and my mum's when she was alive. i had all kinds of blood screenings and every sort of physical test done to make sure that i don't have cancer currently, and then i'll be keeping up with that each year. if i'd had the genetic screening done, and it'd come out positive, i'd still be going through the exact same detection procedures. it's not that we're looking for it any less. the way i see it, i just still get to hope that it doesn't develop *and* i get to keep my health insurance... while still going through all of the testing and detection procedures all the same.
t3_4c96dj-t3_4c96dj-d1geof5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6603	please believe me, i am not discounting your pain with what i am about to say, i know it is real to you!   for my entire adult life i've been creating my own pain, and not wanting to do so! i'll get a pain in my upper back for example, and if it lasts more than a day, bam i'm convinced it's cancer. it'll get worse and worse and worse until i actually go see a doctor. sometimes it goes away the moment i make an appointment. at times i've needed an xray to convince me there's no tumor there or something. more recently i started having bad cramps in my abdomen on the right side. i knew it was colon cancer, just knew it, knew there was no way pain this bad couldn't be other than serious. finally made an appt to see a gi doc, and the pain went away for a few days immediately following. last wed i had a colonoscopy, and of course there's nothing there, and now that i know that guess what? all pain is gone. i hate this about myself, but i really can worry my way into physical symptoms, despite wanting to be healthy.  i hope you figure it out!
t3_1j0ws4-t3_1j0ws4-cba8hj2	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7966	on a health note, my cravings of sugar went down dramatically 2 weeks after avoiding diet coke completely. i still treat myself once in a great while, but i try to avoid all artificial sweeteners.   although i quit diet coke because i was concerned about the long term effects of aspartame. my mil was diagnosed with rectal cancer a few years ago and had to go through major surgery and chemo to get it under control. the oncologists and specialists pointed directly at her longtime daily consumption of diet pepsi as the cause. scared me to death.
t3_1umwba-t3_1umwba-cek9l1n	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6775	get a colonoscopy.  i'm still quite young, but i have a family history of colon cancer so my doctor wanted me to get one 5 years ago.  i was nursing a baby at the time and the drugs they give you leach into the breastmilk, so i put it off.  and then i put it off some more.  last month i finally got it, and they found a *huge* polyp.  cancer risk increases with polyp size, and this one was large enough that the papers i was pulling up on pubmed (i'm a science librarian) all said that it was basically a toss up whether it was already cancerous or not.  the biopsy came back in my favor, but the doctor wanted to emphasize that this *was* precancerous and *would* have turned into cancer, probably within 5 years.  well before i'd be turning 40.  colonoscopies suck, but they're life-saving.  don't put it off, kids.
t3_2yn7aj-t1_cpbbsmx-cpbhnl7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	nerd here:  nqf 0034: colorectal cancer screening  numerator:  colonoscopy &lt;= 9 years  or  flex sig &lt;= 4 years  or  fecal occult blood test &lt;= 1 year   advantage of colonoscopy is if they find polyps they can go ahead and remove them right then
t3_3pftfx-t1_cw60x07-cw69fp3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6564	thats great to hear about no issues . my uncle had colon cancer 5 years ago. he was 50 at the time. im not sure how he discovered tjat he had it. i know he had some surgery with his colon , i don't whats it called or what they did. my dad , my uncles brother had prostate cancer at 56. luckily they were able to remove the prostate and he's been cancer free since.
t3_26dr1u-t1_chq68sk-chq878h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if it's bright red blood it's more external, while dark red means it's from higher up and internal.  that being said get yourself to a damn doctor regardless, blood isn't supposed to come from there.  and, dark red blood can mean colon cancer just as a friendly reminder to the guys and girls of reddit.
t3_2kgw26-t1_cllfcle-clly9qe	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7498	my dad had very serious colon cancer when i was a kid, around 8 or 9 or so probably. he was in the hospital for months at a time at its worst, and to this day i can not remember anything having to do with it. i don't remember him not being home, i don't remember his recovery from his surgeries, i don't remember the chemo. nothing. very strange
t3_3jlull-t3_3jlull-cuqd6vd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm so sorry to hear that. i'm glad there is a colon cancer sub to support you through this.  if you need us tho, we may not get it 100% but we're here and we're good listeners.   sending healing vibes your way.
t3_d3g9r-t3_d3g9r-c0xaa9z	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad had colon cancer that metastasized to his liver. they gave him 18 months to live and he ended up living for about 6 years. the entire time he was on chemo, you couldn't even tell he was sick. the chemo didn't force him to lose his hair or anything.  he want on a "chemo break" about 6 months ago (he passed away in july), basically he died of all the things that the cancer did to his body (vein hypertension etc). i was in the same boat as you where i went to school and worked because it is a long time and you can't spend every waking moment with them. up until his last week he was still arguing with my little sister or making fun of something dumb i did. i think after all the pain he was in it was just nice to be normal. this last year he went to florida twice and washington dc, and all of those were important because he got to spend alone time with all his kids.  you'll never be prepared for it when someone dies, even if you know it's coming. my dad had been on the same treatment plan for 5 years, which is pretty unheard of, but his body reacted well to it. so when he went into the hospital it was pretty hard to believe that he would probably pass away.  i guess what i am trying to say is don't think about chemo that way. it gave my dad years to live and see his kids go to college and his second grandchild being born. my advice would be to research everything, even experimental treatments. my mom was kind of a thorn in the doctor's side because she would constantly bring up things that the doctor wouldn't tell them about. also, find a doctor that you get along with and who is honest with her. my dad's doctor told him to go on the chemo break and then when he got really sick basically said well you shouldn't have done the chemo break.
t3_4k89k6-t1_d3e4xva-d3e5q6w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7425	congrats on being 4 months free! must mean so much! yes there is barely pain my testicle usually along with groin pain... no there is no lump whatsoever i checked everything my left testicle is a little bit bigger then my left but the left testicle is the one that hurts.... i have a little swelling on my side of my back could it he a tumor??? and when they did a ct scan they were looking for my colon if it was bad. do they loon for tumor and lymph nodes even if i didn't tell them that i had testicular problems?
t3_4p1im3-t3_4p1im3-d4h9w6m	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	this is my husband who in the last 30 days was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer maliginent,in his lymphnodes, and 9 deposits outside his colon which tested positive for the same cancer. he is currently retired and i'm disabled and 6 months of treatments of 3 different chemotherapy, a pump for a 48 run chemo and radiation is going to cost us dearly. we have insurance but it doesn't cover everything. i am asking people to help us with whatever they can spare to help us save my husband without being homeless and losing everything. i greatly appreciate anything you can help with. please help me save my husband.
t3_ksmqe-t3_ksmqe-c2mvt0x	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father was diagnosed with 3rd stage 10 years ago. he had tumours in both armpits, both sides of his neck and behind his left lung. he's been officially cancer-free for 6 or 7 years now.   at stage 2 he has good odds. you need to support him. there might be times he feels it isn't worth it to go through with treatments. my dad almost threw in the towel twice, but he stuck it out and he's still here.  the chemo he got hit him pretty bad. it was a weekly treatment that left him bedridden for the first 2-3 days after. then he would slowly improve until he almost felt ok, just in time for another treatment. the nausea was so bad some days that even the act of shifting/squirming in bed caused him incredible pain and dry heaves. pot helped quite a bit. it was the only way he could actually keep a little food down.  conversely, my grandfather was undergoing intensive, daily chemotherapy for colon cancer and it hardly affected him at all. it depends a lot on which drugs his doctors choose and also on the individual.
t3_16gqae-t3_16gqae-c7vwnad	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6913	hi. i went through the same thing around the latter half of junior year in high school. i was terrified as well, so terrified that i put off seeing a doctor for at least 8 months. i remember straining in the bathroom and looking into the toilet bowl and seeing it completely red. there seemed like an endless supply of blood. i would like to reassure you. it may not be colon cancer; at your age it is quite unlikely. it could be ulcerative colitis or crohn's disease or as your doctor mentioned irritable bowel syndrom; it could also be something completely different. eventually, i was told that i did not have colon cancer and symptoms soon dissipated once i graduated high school. i don't remember what my exact diagnosis was but i do remember that i was under a lot of stress (emotional/mental) and that i did not have nearly enough fiber in my diet. fiber helps, i recommend starting metamucil. while i did not end up having colon cancer, i can't promise you that you will not. i'm not a doctor so the best advice i can give is to continue seeing doctors and if need be a specialist (gastroenterologist). medicine is a wonderful resource and we owe a lot to advances in medical technology. should you find out that you do have colorectal cancer (again unlikely) just know that the doctors will do whatever they can to help you. also, don't keep this to yourself. tell your friends and family, we all get scared sometimes and they will not fault you for it. i hope that everything turns out okay. if you have any questions feel free to pm me. sorry about the long reply.  tl;dr had similar symptoms. wasn't colon cancer. symptoms could indicate ulcerative colitis, crohn's disease, ibs, or something else. continue seeing doctor. reach out to friends and family for support.
t3_1sjucu-t3_1sjucu-cdyit4a	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm the wife of a cancer survivor. we had been dating four years when he was diagnosed with stage 3 colon cancer. he went through chemo, radiation, and multiple surgeries. of course all of that took a toll on his body and you could tell he was sick, but i never found him any less attractive and i never pitied him. we did have sex when he was feeling up for it, but i will admit most times i was scared or distracted through it. i kept thinking ''what if i hurt him or what if this physical exertion is too much for him'' things like that. i was so scared that even though he wanted to have sex that i was being selfish by doing it or what if chemo was extra rough on his body that week. i know you've said you've talked to her about this, but have you told her how the constant rejection makes you feel, that you need her? you dont neccessarily need sex, but you need to make love with your wife. there is a difference. you both are going through a lot right now and you need each other, not just for support, but you need the love only your spouse can provide. if you tell her you made this post, tell her that her feelings are not abnormal and someone understands where she's coming from. but also tell her that intimacy is possible. take it slow with her, don't push yourselves. it may take her awhile to be comfortable with it. if she wants someone to talk to she can pm me here and i may be able to help her? if not try and find someone for her to tslk to, someone whos been through this too. we met quite a few couples like us and it helped to have them nearby. sometimes i needed to talk and validate my fears with someone that wasn't my husband. we have a very open and honest relationship, but i never wanted to burden him with my thoughts with everything he was going through.
t3_44z1ns-t1_czu20y6-czufbq3	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer december 2009. she was going to the doctors for months with obvious symptoms, but the dumb ass doctors just kept giving her laxatives. finally, a freakin receptionist told my mom that she needed to demand a colonoscopy. the day she went in for the colonoscopy was the day they found her cancer. it had already spread to her liver and lungs. ... she made it 5 years and 4 months, having to suffer through chemo every other week the entire time. her goal was to make it 5 years. she was 51. i won't get into detail, but it got really bad those last 8 months. like, worst nightmare you can imagine. ... point being, if they would have caught it when she first was going in, she probably would still be here now. once it gets to stage 4, for colon cancer, there is no cure. take your health into your own hands and don't wait for idiot doctors!!!
t3_3ovygt-t3_3ovygt-cw16jzr	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7426	if anyone is wondering, he had colon cancer that was cured but he just found out it metastasized (spread) to his liver before it was cured, giving him liver cancer.
t3_12crzo-t3_12crzo-c6v7xdj	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was recently diagnosed and had surgery for colon cancer,i am only 31. telling my parents was the worst since my brother passed just two years ago of brain cancer. the other thing that sucked was the waiting. it was a whirlwind of info and no info. scans with no results but weird looks from drs or nurses. lots of paranoia of what may or may not be going on in your own body. i had a tumor in my colon that was found during a scope, during my mris and ct scans showed other issues. there was two weeks were i had to wait to find out if it had spread to my whole abdomen. i also had spots on my lungs. those turned out to be old scaring from bronchitis or valley fever. i was lucky enough to end up having stage i,no invasion of other organs and no lymph node involvement. i don't need chemo! just stay positive because there is always hope. it may not be cancer,if it is, it may not be as bad as you think. good luck with everything and ask any questions you may have.
t3_2pr1j4-t1_cmzb22o-cmzo492	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i would support this! colorectal cancer is by far the best screening option we have. the psa test is crap, mammography is questionable, but colonoscopy is a known winner. not only can it detect cancer, it can actually prevent it as well.
t3_1jji6b-t3_1jji6b-cbfbyab	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this offends me. my friend had brain cancer and she went through hell. this is disgusting. also my grandmother died of oesophageal cancer and my grandpa died of colon cancer. now my father and i have to get checked for colon cancer. this girl has no idea how scary it is to have to wonder if this time it comes back positive. i've been told that i might have breast cancer, luckily i didn't but i'd never been so scared in my life. my uncle died last year of intestinal cancer and it devastated my aunt. i remember getting the call that he passed away. that was the hardest thing i ever had to hear.  this girl is beyond stupid. edit: more information.
t3_461n8s-t3_461n8s-d01rno5	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my doctor had me using fecal smear cards. my first colonoscopy was at age 62 and revealed a tumor that had existed for about 10 years. i had no symptoms, my fecal smears were fine and there were no anomalies in my blood protein readings. in surgery 12" of the large colon were removed. because the cancer was noninflammatory, the speciman was kept and included in a study. i have no after effects from the section removal. it's like i never had cancer, except for the lingering effects of the 6 months of chemo.
t3_1ohrhu-t3_1ohrhu-ccs2wmz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i've had two suicides in my life and they both effected (affected?) me differently. one was a guy that, while i wouldn't consider us close friends, we weren't really strangers or acquaintances either. we hung out in the same group of people, but we weren't close. i wasn't surprised, but i was saddened and... couldn't believe he *actually* did it.   the other.... he was the father of my best friend in junior high and high school. he was... a force. he stood at a whopping 5'5 and was all lean muscle, but his personality made him, in our eyes, 10 feet tall. he was mean, but in a loving way if that makes sense. he was a bulldog of a man. he was a bootlegger (sold alcohol illegally) and he liked to fight - but he was the wisest man i knew. he was a father to me when my own father and i had a very distant relationship.   he taught me a lot of things. he taught me how to respect myself and demand that others respect me as well. he taught me how to never let a man treat me like shit, and yes, he taught me how to fight. he taught me how to protect myself against men and boys. he even taught me how to play pool and work on a car.   he never hesitated to call me on my bullshit or kick my ass when i needed it. no, he wasn't abusive, but he was a hard man. there is a lyric from a song that describes him so perfectly, "daddy's hands were soft and kind when i was crying, daddy's hands were hard as steel when i'd done wrong. daddy's hands weren't always gentle but i'd come to understand, there was always love in daddy's hands."   he stood up for me and protected me when i needed it, and taught me to stand up for myself. he always made sure i knew he loved me like his own daughter, even if he rarely said the words. i loved that man as much or more as i loved my own father at the time.   one december evening in '99, i had gone to his house. my best friend had gotten married by this time (hell, we were only 17-18 at the time) and she and her husband lived on the same property. they were fighting, she and her husband, so i decided i would leave. daddy steve (that's what i called him) said he would walk me to my truck. i thought this was odd because he never did this. when we got there, he hugged me (which again was odd) and told me he loved me and was proud of me. he told me to keep my head on straight. i was.. confused but i didn't think much of it. i honestly thought he'd had a little too much to drink (though he hadn't been drinking). he asked me what i was going to do, and i said i didn't know, maybe i'd try to go find this guy i had been seeing and see if he wanted to do something. he told me, "you need to leave that boy alone, baby. he's not good enough for you. you always sell yourself too short. you need to wait for the right one to come along, don't do like ann* (his daughter) and marry the first one to come along. wait for the good one." i laughed and said, "geeze, i'm just seeing the guy." he hugged me and said "you heard me. now go on, have fun but be careful." he told me he loved me again, i said i loved him too, and when i was driving down their long driveway, i remember seeing him standing there watching me go. i had a feeling something was.... off, but i ignored it.   it's been.. good god. coming up on 14 years ago this december and it's still hard to talk about this next part.   two days later, i was home with my parents - which was rare as at this stage of my life i was constantly on the go. i remember the christmas tree was up, christmas lights on the windows and in the yard. it was dark, so it was around 8ish and i saw headlights in our large front window. i peeked out and saw my friend and her husband getting out and i waited for them to knock. i'll never forget jerking the door open, thinking i was being funny by saying "boo!".   her face was red and tear stained, she was bundled in her husband's old letterman jacket. he stood next to her, as solemn and serious as i'd ever seen him. she just... stares at me and says, "he's gone. daddy's gone."   confused, i said, "what? what do you mean? where'd he go?". my mind was whirling with where he could have gone. i thought he'd finally left her mother (they had a bad marriage, her mother was bat shit crazy).   again, she says, "daddy's gone." her husband steps in and says quietly, "he's dead. he shot himself."   you know how they say in novels how the world just falls away, nothing really makes sense and everything is a blur? well, that really happens.   i don't know what happened next. the details are fuzzy. i remember my mom grabbing me, rocking me, and holding me tighter than she ever had. years later, she told me she heard the most heart wrenching cry of "no" out of me that she had ever heard.   i remember my friend and her husband came in for a while, made a few phone calls and tried to explain what happened. she, her husband, her mother, and another friend of ours has been in their living room watching movies when her dad called her up into the master bedroom. she said he told her he loved her, told her who in the family got what and where important papers were. she said she didn't believe him, so she went back out to watch movies. a few minutes later, they heard the gunshot.   i remember my dad waking me up that night and giving me a pill. he told me later that he and my mom couldn't bear listening to me sob in my sleep, so they gave me a muscle relaxer to help me rest. i know it sounds mean, but it was breaking their heart to see me like that.   the following days... hell, week or so was a blur. i was on autopilot. i don't remember the wake, or the funeral really. i remember *refusing* to get out of the truck at the funeral. i thank god for the friends i had that weren't close to him that were able to be my rock. i missed nearly a week of school, which sucked as i'd missed a week two weeks prior due to a severe car accident.   my own emotional aftermath was messy. it took me a very long time to not cry when i thought of him. it took me even longer to not be consumed with sadness when i thought of him.   now, though, even though i still miss him terribly, i'm mad at him. i'm mad at him for bailing on us. i'm mad that he never got to meet his grandchildren. i'm mad that he'll never get to meet my kids when i have them, or meet and approve of the absolutely wonderful and amazing guy i waited for. i'm mad that he wasn't there when i graduated (which i worked so hard for). i'm pissed he won't be there to see me get married.   i'm pissed that he wasn't there through some truly shitty times in my life. that he isn't here to give me advice or to kick my ass when i need it. and i often wonder in what ways would my life be different if he were still here. what kind of person would i be? would i be more motivated in life knowing he would kick my ass if i wasn't? just how different would life be?   i still miss him, and love him more than anything, but *fuck* i'm so pissed at him.   i was never told what was in his note - but my friend told me she thought it was bc he was sure he had colon cancer and didn't have the money or insurance to treat it. i don't know if that's true or not. i think the hardest part is not knowing exactly why he did it.   my friend and i drifted apart a few years after that, and i've come to realize that i think deep down i blamed her. she knew what he was doing. she told me he had the gun beside him on the bed, but she just left him because he'd "cried wolf before". how do you just do that? i grew up with my mom making suicidal threats and i never left her alone until it passed.   so yeah.... that's my story. i'm sure one day i'll get over the anger.   if you're reading this and are considering suicide, just... don't. more people love you than you realize and your death won't just affect them for a few days or weeks or months, but for the rest of their lives. they'll be inconsolable and question if they should have seen the signs and done more. did they love you enough? did you even know they loved you? did you love them? if so, how can you leave? these are just a few of the many questions they'll forever have.   just..... don't.   edit: typos. yep, i typed all this on my phone.   also, as for the question of whether i got over it.... no. no i haven't. i don't think i'll ever be "over" it.
t3_eai2r-t3_eai2r-c16m0hx	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i would really appreciate it, i am 29; and after a trip to the er on halloween for what i thought was stomache trouble, i had a colonoscopy done and found out i have stage iiic colon cancer....i had a resection done about 2 weeks ago, i have a scar from my sternum to belly button (cool!!) and i get my staples taken out tomorrow!! unfortunately; i have to start a regimen of chemo right before christmas, and then every 2 weeks for the next 6 months.....and i have no computer @ home!!! i am married, with a great wife and 2 boys aged 3.5 and 5....i just had a family member send me a cell phone with prepaid cards ( we arent too well off at the moment) and i am thrilled!! i would love having something to mess around with while i am doing the chemo and the 2 days of misery that follow. anyway thanks for reading and really; thanks for doing what you are doing....its an awesome thing to do!!  bless!  tldr - just found out i have cancer @ 29, stage 3, it sucks, sweet "new" laptop makes it suck less. also, happy happy birthday, to you, to you!!!!
t3_4xogpw-t3_4xogpw-d6hojyb	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6664	on this day, one year ago, i was in a hospital bed recovering from surgery for colorectal cancer. i was very active before the diagnosis, but had to spend months doing virtually nothing during recovery. for me, the feeling of such incredible weakness made me want to get physically fit again. so, after being cleared for exercise, i got back in the gym and started running again. today, i am not in perfect shape but i'm going to keep at it. as others have mentioned, having major gut surgery requires close attention to be paid to diet. i find that to feel better, i must eat better as well.   i would probably expect mental health to be one of the biggest factors for cancer survivors with respect to obesity. depression was an issue for me and i can see how overeating or stagnation could take hold. you have feelings of, "hey, i'm supposed to feel lucky to have survived," but i didn't. i was consumed by how much it sucked. 6 months of therapy was an unexpected byproduct of the experience.   today, i am in a good place. feeling healthy and happy to be alive!
t3_489j1t-t1_d0hwt8w-d0hxm5m	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6685	i was diagnosed with colon cancer, stage iv, mets to the liver in april 2013. we started a first line treatment asap that was curative. i had chemo, liver surgery, then what was planned to be my colon surgery. there, my diagnosis changed: mets to the ovary and probably peritoneum too (which, as turned out later, they were right about). so they didn't do the surgery, and changed plans to a more intense treatment, but still curative. my surgery became much more extensive, followed by more chemo (which was the initial plan anyways) until december 11th (i still know the date).  then beginning of february 2014, it turned out that my cancer was still there. and 4 weeks later, we saw that it was also very aggressive. it was scary. the doctor told me that he did not see a chance anymore that i would be cured for a long term.  so that's when we started palliative chemo. i have been on constant chemo since then (different regimen, even only "maintenance therapy" (so less intense) for a year). it is hard, my life has changed completely. but yes: it is worth it for me! i was able to get married, we will be able to celebrate our 2 year anniversary. i went on more vacation trips than in years before. my relationships to many family members and friends has become much deeper and i want to stay a little longer here among them.   but i don't know, honestly, if i will go through all the treatments my doctor will suggest me. i know that at some point, he will suggest to switch back to my initial chemo regimen or something very similar. and i don't know if i will really opt for quantity of life over quality of life at that point. at the moment though, my choice is clear: i'm doing chemo. but i adapt it to my timetable. if there is an event that is really important to me, my chemo gets pushed back a little. i know that i should not do that too often. but from time to time, i have to because quality of life is important. my doctor understands and encourages me in this choice.  i don't know if my words help you a little? may i ask about your situation? also, the last thing i wanted to say: it is probably also possible to give chemo a shot and if after a few rounds you see that you really can't bear it, you can still opt out. i would probably recommend at least trying. some times chemo turns out to be more bearable than you would imagine. it's no walk in the park, at all! but it really can be worth it, even palliative. just a "warning": my first chemo round ever (in 2013) was the worst of all! i know i am not the only one. it can actually get better after. but of course, there's no certainty for that. i'm just sharing my experience.  ok, so i'll stop here. if you have any more questions, feel free to ask. or if you just want to share what you are going through (as a patient or caregiver, i'm not sure), i'm here too.  all the best to you!
t3_1hc460-t1_casyjun-cat2v13	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5012	i know people are blowing you up telling you that there are a couple of states which allow euthanasia, but you might also be surprised to learn that it is also possible to have assisted death in states in which it is 'illegal'.   my grandfather was diagnosed with colon cancer last year and absolutely did not want to fight it. he was into his 90's and already felt he lived longer than he wanted to. he had access to excellent healthcare, so his experience may not be typical, but basically his doctors honored his wish to die by pumping him full of morphine. he was never refused food or water, but the large doses of morphine effectively killed his appetite, and he died within a few days (although not 'quick', it was undoubtedly a very painless death).  most of my family was very surprised and thankful for his doctors' actions. my dad told me he met with one of his doctors beforehand asking how long he would have to wait out the cancer and suffer, and his doctor basically said, "don't worry about it, we'll take care of it."
t3_17t4x1-t3_17t4x1-c88uyjn	colon_cancer	relevant	0.674	my grandmother also got one of these. a lot of my family members have died over the years, but my maternal grandfather(my dad's father passed away on my 3rd birthday, so i never really knew him and don't remember him) was my best friend. he ended up getting colon cancer, so they gave him a colostomy bag, and he was alright for a few years, but then he got pancreatic cancer and he said he was done fighting, he wasn't giving up, but he had lived longer than he should have and he had a great life. we had marine pall bearers and the 21-gun salute, and i only cried when i first saw him in the hospital right after he passed away. but when those guns went off, i completely lost my shit. that was the saddest and most beautiful funeral that i've ever been to, and i've never seen anything greater than a marine handing my grandmother the united states flag. god rest your soul, poppy, even if i never see you again.
t3_1n7li5-t1_ccga1o1-ccgaes9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ehlers-danlos syndrome is a connective tissue disorder. as such it can cause a great deal of health issues.   i have fibromylgia first and foremost which i think i could probably handle well if it were my only issue. i have osteoarthritis in almost every joint save my hands. mild stenosis and bulging disks in my neck, cranial instability, a herniated disk in my lower back. my hips constantly dislocate. i also have gastroparesis which is delayed stomach emptying. my digestive system moves so incredibly slow that i am often subject to bacterial overgrowth which is just horrible. all of these things are really due to eds. i also have trigeminal neuralgia a very painful condition that affects the face (the hernia pain is a tickle in comparison). and to top that off i may or may not have chron's disease or even colon cancer which is my doctor's main focus right now, which is yet another reason to hold off on the hernia repair surgery.  i hear tell that endrometriosis is horrible. i'm so sorry to hear that your mother is suffering. i hope she won't be denied care for much longer. i've been lucky so far that my health issues have been covered.   my health issues are such that i don't allow myself to feel self pity often. sometimes its better to just think of my issues as clinically as possible. i know i have a lot going on, but it doesn't all hit me all at once and it isn't as bad as it all sounds...and getting sad about it just makes things worse.  thank you for listening. another reason i try not to talk about it often is sometimes if feels like my only identity now is my health, and it sucks.
t3_4k577x-t1_d3cy2ki-d3czf69	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i will but it may be very different than you -- don't let this scare you:  in my case it was cancer in my ascending colon.   they found it in a colonoscopy and removed it before it spread beyond it.    the reason they found it was that the iron therapy had fixed my anemia (and that fixed my energy), but i still had bad diarrhea.  so the gastroenterologist did the colonoscopy.  at first, the prognosis was poor because the cancer was very large and nearly blocking.  but the surgeon still was able to remove it all.  chances are strong that this isn't you, too -- you're 26 and that's very very rare for colon cancer, as in next-to impossible. maybe if you were 40.      it's good that you're pursuing this with a doctor.   &gt; i eat meat, beans and take an iron supplement but i still feel apathic and my iron levels in my blood are still lower than ideal.  that's different than mine.  my levels and energy returned to normal after several months of iron.
t3_2qc6x6-t3_2qc6x6-cn4wwc4	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6594	it was thanksgiving night when it happened. it started like any other typical thanksgiving day; people cooking and preparing food, family you don't really want to see coming over, family announcing they are expecting a baby, and of course the copious amounts of food and beer that were consumed. it all changed for my father that night.   before i can go into what happened to him that night, i should probably tell you more about what's happened to him these past 5 years. 5 years ago he was diagnosed with colorectal cancer after he noticed he was bleeding profusely at the local wal mart. my mother rushed him to the hospital and they ran a few tests to see what was going on. later that day my mother would inform me that my father had cancer. after being diagnosed at a hospital nearby, he was kicked out because his insurance didn't cover it. he had to stop working, and his job did pay disability for a few months but eventually we couldn't afford to live in the tiny 2 bedroom apartment we were renting. luckily my parents had applied for residency with government housing as soon as he stopped working. my father had also qualified for medicare since he was old enough for it, so they treated him at the city hospital for it. he underwent chemotherapy as well as radiation therapy and then went through abdominal surgery to remove the rest of the cancer.   he is now cancer free, however the procedure took a turn and now my father has a permanent stoma instead of a rectum. he must attach a bag to his stomach in order to pass stool now, and has to take a variety of different medications in order to stay healthy-ish. why am i telling you all this, you may be asking yourself right now. well you see, the radiation and chemotherapy left my father's stomach lining relatively thin. it was so thin in fact that the holiday feast managed to rupture it, letting all the food that was inside flow into his abdominal cavity.   his blood pressure was going down really fast and the ambulance was taking its time to get to the hospital which was 25 minutes away. once at the hospital, nobody knew what was going on yet. they thought that perhaps the food had accumulated in his organs and that the discomfort he was feeling was from it being stuck there. something about that story did not make sense to me. his heart rate was really fast and his blood pressure was way too low. i asked the nurse why he felt so cold, and she told me it was his body's reaction to the pain he was experiencing. a few seconds after i asked that, he began vomiting blood. all the nurses began to panic and the rushed a doctor over to examine him more closely.   i will never forget the look on his face as he struggled to vomit the blood and the groans he made while laying in the emergency room.   the doctor requested an x-ray and a ct scan to see what was going on inside him. after about 10 minutes, they came back and informed us that he was going to have to undergo through emergency surgery. 4 different doctor's, nurses, and anesthesiologists all walked in at different times and asked us the same questions. they were waiting for his blood pressure to stabilize so they could start the surgery. my father laid there and i began to cry at the thought of him dying, of his life being over, of how sudden it was.   he kept asking us what was taking so long for the surgeons to get there. i tried to explain everything to him and made sure to choose my words carefully. i didn't want him to think this was the end, i wanted his consciousness to fight for survival, to stay alive. finally the surgeons were ready for him, and they wheeled him into the surgery prep room. i did not say good bye, i didn't say i love you dad. i said "i'll see you later dad" and looked back as i walked away and they wheeled him into the next room.   i drank 5 cups of coffee and sat in one of the waiting room chairs while reminiscing about my father. i thought a lot about life and death, and how that could have been the last time i would ever see him again. the memory of him vomiting blood was still very fresh in my mind, and i could not stop replaying it over and over again. i comforted my mom and reassured her that my dad is a very strong person, that he would make it through this. 4 hours later, the surgeon walked down the hallway. i remember my heart racing as he got closer and closer. the surgeon carried a blank expression on his face; i could not read this man. finally he told us that his stomach had ruptured, that they had cleaned his stomach out and that he was still in critical condition. he let us know that he had never in his 12 years as a surgeon had he seen anything like this before. he reassured us that he was still alive, but that these next few weeks would be very important and could mean the difference between life and death.   he led us into the intensive care unit, and showed us where his room was. there were maybe 5 or 6 nurses in there, all preparing him for his stay in the icu. he had a breathing tube and had tubes going in every direction. his heart rate was high, but his blood pressure had seemed to stabilize a bit. they let us know that he was sedated, but might still be able to hear us. we told him we loved him very much and wished for him to recover. after a nurse educated us on what was going to happen next, we went home.   we went every day and always made sure we were updated as to what was going on. he had a mild fever for weeks, and his heart rate seemed to stay high. he was sedated for a very long time, every time they tried to wake him his heart rate would sky rocket and he would have a lot of trouble breathing. they kept him on the breathing machine for 3 weeks. after those 3 weeks he didn't have a fever anymore and his blood pressure and heart rate were a lot better. they let us know that all his other organs were operating fine, and that the only organ that had an infection was his stomach.  they finally got him healthy enough to do another surgery; this time on his neck to do a tracheotomy. with that he would be able to breath much better without the irritation and inflammation of the tubes going down his throat. once that was in he was given the okay to stay awake and to reduce the sedatives. i stayed with him that night, and let him know that i would always be there for him and told him to let me know if he needed anything so i could call a nurse over. i turned on the television for him and put on a channel that played music he liked. he liked that a lot.  once he began stabilizing, the nurse informed us that they would be moving him to a rehabilitation hospital. from there, they would begin retraining his lungs as well as other muscles to normal operation. he's been at the rehabilitation hospital for a week now, and looks so much better. he can talk now, jokes around with us and was finally able to eat some small food after 4 weeks of going without it. tomorrow i'm going over there to give him a laptop loaded with movies and also configured it so he can get to youtube easily so he can watch his favorite videos about making hydrogen fuel cells.   so far he has made a lot of progress and has amazed people with his will to live and fight for survival. he is 60 years old, but his heart is as strong as a bull's and his mind is still very sharp. i just can't wait until he gets home. i made a promise to him that we would all get more active and that we should all go on walks as a family. i really want to spend more time with him and give him a collection of very good memories.  i'm on reddit now because we didn't do christmas this year, but we did get to witness a miracle of our own. this gift i will treasure for life. i give my thanks to everyone at methodist hospital in houston. those folks deserve so much for helping people get through stuff like this. they are all excellent folks and i wish them the best that life has to offer. also thanks to the people who donate blood. without you many people would die. whether you do it for the money or if you do it to help people, you are the real mvp's.
t3_187am7-t3_187am7-c8cbnlp	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8353	i am so very sorry to hear this. i know that this is extremely scary and you might still be in a state of shock.  in 2010 my mother was diagnosed with colorectal cancer. she had blood in her stool, was feeling extremely fatigued, and occasionally had some pain. we found out it was stage 3a (it had entered her lymph nodes). she did have to do chemo, radiation, and have surgery but the good news is that now she is cancer free. like i said, i know it's very scary, especially because you guys aren't sure what stage it is, but there is definitely hope.  please, please feel free to pm me if you have any questions or just need someone to talk to about it.
t3_1fcq6t-t3_1fcq6t-ca94iz6	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7973	my dad had colon cancer a few years ago. he beat it into submission. do what the doctors tell you and never skip a chemo appointment. you'll come through, just stay tough man.
t3_1ovn9l-t1_ccw4n72-ccw54tp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6735	i've still got a tumor in my liver, actually. it was 95mm (about 3 3/4") diameter when it started. it had mostly died off and turned into scar tissue, but there was a bit of activity around the edges of it when i had my last pet scan in august. it's actually a metastasis, as i've got rectal cancer, but it spread to my liver and lymph nodes. i was originally diagnosed on nov 2 of last year. have mostly been doing good, but my numbers have been going a little silly lately, and after starting a new chemo, they jumped like 75% in 3 weeks. before that, it had taken it 4 months to double. something big had to have happened to make it jump that much that fast, so we checked for necrosis. the doc says he's not expecting it to be necrosis, but it's something he has to check when numbers jump like that.  i know your mind is reeling right now with all the possibilities, and that sucks. seriously though, just take some deep breaths and settle down. the best way to approach all of this is calmly and rationally. you don't learn anything if you're too hysterical to pay attention to what the doctor says. just pump him for information as much as you can tomorrow. then you can spend the next couple of days digesting the news and scaring the ever loving crap out of yourself reading about his specific cancer type.  for the first month or so, there is a lot of waiting to see doctors, and waiting for treatment plans to be drawn up. take the opportunity to get as many second opinions as you can afford and/or stand to go to. at first, i thought this was a waste of time, until a surgeon i went to basically begged me to see a radiologist colleague of his. i only had one radiologist appointment scheduled, so i figured i may as well see this guy. i ended up using him for my radiation, and i liked the doc and the staff at his office a lot more than i did the doc and staff at the other place i went to. this is huge, in my opinion. you have to be comfortable with your doctors. if you're not, you need to find new ones. it's your life, and therefore it's your choice which doctor you use. don't go with someone you don't think is the best you can get.
t3_4gcgiq-t3_4gcgiq-d2gfwwf	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7422	my dad was exactly like yours.  sometime after he turned 60 ( i was around 20) he was diagnosed with colon cancer.  he had been an alcoholic for t least 15 years or so and smoked several packs a week.   he quit all of it when i was about 17, but it caught up to him eventually.  he had radiation treatment, surgery, had to have a colostomy bag, and more surgery.  but now he's 75 and still around.  my mom also had colon cancer, but unlike my dad she never smoked, and after her early 20's barely drank.  she also got it when she was unusually young.  she's also still around.  my point is, that although cancer is scary as fuck, colon cancer is definitely treatable.  my parents have been cancer free for a long time now, and science is always advancing.  there are a lot of reasons to stay optimistic op.  if you have questions or want to talk feel free to shoot me a pm .
t3_435hn8-t3_435hn8-czfo05o	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7445	just this past week. school just started up. things were going good. then my grandpa gets sick and goes to the hospital. they say he's bleeding internally and need to open him up. they find colon cancer. they remove the mass in his colon only to find his cancer is stage 4 and has spread to his liver and maybe further. this man is my life so it's been hard. i haven't been to classes all week. to top it off when my grandpa went to the hospital, i found out my daughter got lice and once i got rid of the ice, she got sick- running 103 degree temps. i'm still at home with her because she's been sick all week while having to make sure lice aren't coming back, what to do with school, how long my grandpa has left, doctors appointments and going to see my grandpa everyday at the hospital.
t3_2p8es8-t3_2p8es8-cmyhjch	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my husband's symptoms, which progressed over the course of three-plus years,  started out as things we didn't initially give a second thought to. he had noticed more frequent loose stools, which we wrote off to dietary changes. then he started having more frequent blood on the toilet paper. it was always bright so we wrote it off to hemorrhoids. then he noticed blood in the stools, but it was still bright red, so we still wrote it off as hemorrhoids. the loose stools and bright blood started becoming more frequent and (being a medical assistant) i would often suggest he get checked out by a doctor in case he had an allergy to some food or a gluten issue, or a bleeding ulcer or something. then one evening he came downstairs, looking concerned, saying his stools looked like tar. i've worked in the medical field for over 20 years, i knew that tar-like stools was bad; it meant internal blood/bleeding of some sort and i insisted he see his primary care doc asap. the doctor did an internal/digital exam and confirmed bleeding and scheduled him for a colonoscopy the next day. after the procedure, the doctor (whom i had known for years) walked into the recovery room where i was waiting and said, "i've got some bad news. i think our boy has cancer. i'm 99% sure," he was correct. within a week, my husband was having surgery to remove about a foot of his colon, along with about 20 lymph nodes. at that time, he was diagnosed stage iiic. in retrospect, he was likely already stage iv, but his pet scan was negative for the cancer cells in his liver. history of fatty liver, 2 years later the tumors appeared in the same location of the supposed fatty deposits. by the time we learned that tumors had grown in his liver, the primary tumor had wrapped itself around the artery that provided the blood supply to the liver, rendering it inoperable. he fought hard for 4 years, but the tumors in his liver took over and caused his liver to shut down. he ultimately died of liver failure secondary to metastatic colon cancer. his doctor said that, initially, colon cancer is slow-growing and that my husband likely had this cancer for at least 10 years prior to seeing symptoms. as he was only 38 when diagnosed, it would have been another 12 years before routine screening was performed.   his 30 year old brother recently started having irritable bowel symptoms (loose stools and difficulty digesting certain foods) so i begged him to get screened as he had not done a colonoscopy yet (doctors advised my husband's two girls and his brother start screening when they reach age 28). he was finally screened earlier this week and the doctor did find polyps, which were removed and sent for testing. they are likely pre-cancerous polyps, but having this scope may likely have saved his life!   i wish you and your dad and family the best!!!    edit: typos
t3_259byf-t3_259byf-chf0f8h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7321	it was december. he had been sick for over a year now. the cancer had spread to his colon, rectum, kidneys, and lungs. the chemo and radiation weren't doing much, and they had him maxed out on pain killers, which had little to no affect on his pain.   i got a text one morning from one of my older brothers. he explained to me that dad had been admitted to the hospital and had undergone emergency surgery. his colon had ruptured.  i drove to the hospital as quickly as i could, but it just didn't seem quick enough. when i walked into the waiting room i saw that half the people there were there for dad. i remember sitting in the chair next to my brother when the doctor came out. my step-mom immediately got up and walked over to him. she looked so tired, so frail. she had been taking care of dad since he got sick.   the doctor told her that they hadn't expected dad to make it through the surgery, but he did. dad had always been a fighter, in every aspect of life. the only thing to do now was wait, and see if his kidneys and liver, which had already started to fail, could handle the drugs. he was in the hospital for a few days, and i made sure to go see him every day, even though he didn't know i was there. my step-mom sat by his bed nonstop, leaving only to go smoke a cigarette and then hurry back inside, never leaving for too long, just in case he woke up.  december 20th. i was at mcdonald's with my younger brother when i got a text saying to get to the hospital as soon as possible. i dropped my little brother off at home, and raced as fast as i could to get to dad, not worrying about getting pulled over. i walked up to the emergency exit of the hospital where i saw my dad's best friend. he was a big, burly biker looking type of person. and he was crying.  i ran up to him and asked what happened. he hugged me tight and cried, then said that i needed to get up there now. i took off at a full run, dodging people in the halls. someone yelled at me that there was no running allowed but i continued on at full speed. the elevator felt like an eternity even though it took less than a minute to go up.   the elevator doors opened and i took off to the right. at the end of the hall was one of my older brothers, and some family friends. they were all crying. i stopped, and slowly walked into my dad's room. the youngest of my older brothers was standing beside dad's bed, holding his hand, crying, another was standing against the wall, staring into space. i froze. i went completely numb. this couldn't be happening. dad was a fighter. he was supposed to have made it!  my step-mom saw me and walked over to hug me with tears in her eyes. i asked her if she was ok. a dumb question, yes, but i couldn't focus on the pain just yet. i could not break down in front of them. not if they might need me. just keep it together right now, that's what i told myself.  my step-mom and my brother who had been holding dad's hand walked out. i walked to my brother who was standing by the wall and hugged him. we stood in silence for a minute, and then he went to dad and tried to close his eyes. they wouldn't close. finally my brother walked out, leaving me alone in the room with dad.  i stood beside his bed, his hand in mine. how could this man who had been so strong, such a fighter his whole life, be gone? this couldn't be real, right? i told my dad how sorry i was that i wasn't there for him in his final moments, that i'd never forgive myself for not being there only ten minutes sooner. then i kissed his forehead and walked back out into the hall with my family.  i vaguely remember standing against the wall, staring into space, when the first tear fell. i tried to hold them back, but some still slipped through. my family was discussing what would be done next, but i couldn't focus enough to hear what they were actually saying.  i don't remember driving back. it is a black spot in my memory, up until i walked into my best friends house. i walked in and her mom was sitting there in her bed. she took one look at my face and asked me when it happened. that's when i broke. i managed to walk over to her before collapsing against her, sobbing, not able to breathe.   my friend and her mom held me for a while until i calmed down. i told them i wanted to see my friend and let her know what happened since she was moving to another state the next day. once i had quit crying i said my goodbyes and headed to my mom's house.  i walked in the house and went downstairs where my little brother and uncle were at. i walked over to my little brother and hugged him, then collapsed into tears again. he held me and helped me sit on the couch next to us so i didn't fall into the floor. he hugged me and stroked my hair until my uncle came and took over. they squeezed me tight, which made me cry harder. i cried until i passed out.  i woke up to my mom, home from work, holding me. she stroked my hair, rocked me back and forth like when i was little, and told me how much she loved me. all this, five days before christmas. the funeral was the day before christmas eve. but that is another story altogether.   *note* if you read this whole thing, i just want to thank you. everything you read above is true. my dad passed away on december 20, 2013. i have tears in my eyes even as i type this. i don't know if this is the appropriate place for this, but a story to make you cry was requested. and this one makes me cry every time..
t3_13kquf-t3_13kquf-c750gae	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5159	my brother had stage 3 colon cancer that was not far away from going stage 4. it comes from a genetic disorder that runs in my family. is there any treatment that can cure cancer that comes from genetic disorder?  p.s: hes good now but lost his large intestine.
t3_2yrdml-t3_2yrdml-cpl8b7s	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6657	a few days late but here we go! it might be a long block of text because i feel like talking about what i went through in the past 2 years and i don't really have the opportunity to elsewhere.  two years ago i started having some pain in my lower left abdomen. i didn't know what it was but i didn't really pay attention... i mean everyone gets a little constipated one time or another in their lives so i decided to take a day off work and have some rest and let the time pass.  for some reason, the next morning i could still feel like my abdomen was aching but it wasn't as bad as the day before so i decided to go to work. something must have happened halfway through my day because at one point it became unbearable. told my boss i wasn't feeling too well and that i wanted to go back home. i took the subway back home in excruciating pain and when i got to my stop i had to call my girlfriend to come pick me up because at that point i couldn't even walk up the stairs and home. we went to the er and i got admitted right away because of the high fever.  went through a scan and there it was: a severe diverticulitis attack. i was 27 years old back then and the doc told me i was the youngest person he saw with the disease. they kept me there for a week shooting me full of antibiotics through iv and then sent me home to rest and take my meds for a month or so.  when they discharged me they told me they would get in contact with me in the upcoming weeks to schedule a colonoscopy to see what it looked like down there. turns out they never called me and they lost my file. it coincided with the birth of my daughter so you can understand that at that point i kinda had my attention somewhere else.  i eventually figured it out with the hospital 9 months later after being transferred left and right and got my colonoscopy scheduled. other than diverticulitis, i was fine. no polyps, no signs of cancer or anything.  a month later i got a second attack. went through the same thing i did the first time. at this point the doc suggested that i go under the knife once the infection is gone in order to get rid of my sigmoid colon that was impacted.  2 months later i got my surgery and that was last october. they removed about a foot, more or less, of my sigmoid colon. i haven't felt this great in a long time. just having the thought on the back of my head that this ugly disease could strike at any time drained all of the energy i had and made my life a living hell. not anymore.  i don't know where you are from and what procedure they will do to you, but it's not as bad as it sounds. yes, its surgery and it won't be fun &amp; i don't think this is breaking news but you will be under great care at the hospital. i was able to get an epidural for the first few days after i woke up so i didn't feel the lower half of my body. makes the recovery much easier. once they unplug that stuff from your spinal cord you will feel very sore and walking will take a lot of energy but it gets better really fucking fast. i got out of the hospital after 5 days and got myself some good rest at home playing video games from the comfort of my bed.  hope i haven't bothered you too much with my story. feels good to talk to people about what i've been through. you're going to be fine. tell yourself that once you wake up from the surgery, you are already recovering.  good luck. best decision you'll ever make.
t3_z816d-t3_z816d-c62fg0g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6644	radiation oncologist here. i hate to have to tell you, but stage iv colorectal cancer is incurable. it doesn't mean things are going to go south right away- some patients can live for several years after a diagnosis- but it's not something, with today's medicine, that can be cured. i would respect her wishes when it comes to your relationship but that doesn't mean you have to exit her life entirely, of course. she's going to need a lot of support throughout all of this, so i would be there to provide whatever she needs. so sorry to hear about your situation.
t3_npcku-t3_npcku-c3awmov	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7391	their parents are going to die, and if it happens fast, i'm not going to bullshit them about the details.   my mom didn't give me any details when dad was in the hospital and it really hurt me; but, dad had told me soon after he was diagnosed with colon cancer that it was going to kill him, and it helped me accept it.
t3_4il94p-t1_d30atwd-d30axtz	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	good luck to you and him. i truly hope he makes it. it is good to stay hopeful - anything is possible. i know two people who survived stage 4 cancer and are completely healthy now. since he is young he may have a better chance too. i am glad you have support, but am sorry you can't see your family.   my dad survived stage 3 colon cancer as i said, and it was aggressive. he is 64 years old and is in pretty bad shape. i have hope that if he can do it, your young strong husband can too.
t3_3brkqt-t3_3brkqt-csox7qv	colon_cancer	relevant	0.592	multiple things but let's start with the annoying instead of actually fucking awful. apparently i've been shadowbanned by okc since 6/11. messages weren't going through and i emailed support multiple times then said fuck it and signed up for a month of a list to see if that would help, it didn't. last read receipt was a conversation i had with someone on 6/11. and okc won't fucking respond to me to get this shit fixed because they're dickbags.  on to actual shit; found out on friday my dad's cancer is back. we've been dealing with this shit for a year, he had surgery and had it removed and everything looked great. chemo and radiation finished, surgery to get colon hooked back up caused a few issues but finally should have been over the worst of it. now he has to have surgery again to cut out the lesion on his liver and hope it hasn't spread more. fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  i may or may not be a touch more prone to anger with stupid people/situations this week, and need to buy more alcohol as i'm out at home....
t3_4rwhsd-t3_4rwhsd-d555ytw	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7681	um, i just came here to say i love transfusions. it's weird, i know, but i feel like i can take on the world after. anemia was actually how i got my diagnosis. my levels were so low they were surprised i was able to drive myself to the er. i told them i had just come from work too. i just thought working a million hours a week and having 2 little kids made me tired. nope. cancer.  stage iv colon cancer here. hug your dad and tell him i'm rooting for him.
t3_2u3jw4-t3_2u3jw4-co57mp9	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have/had stage 4 colon cancer with mets to the liver, and was told i only had 10 months to live.  thanks to chemo, surgery, acupuncture and cannabis i am still here after 7 years, and the latest scan came out ned (no evidence to disease).  modern medicine and naturopathy can work together.  i haven't been able to find any links to exactly what you were asking for, i did find this excellent article about [steve jobs](http://www.mercurynews.com/ci_19158348).  i agree with you and your oncologist, she should start treatment right away.
t3_3gj7oq-t1_cu0wh1a-cu1ly40	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know if i agree with that.  bleeding was actually what prompted me to go to the doctor.  i thought i had colon cancer or something.  symptoms vary so much from person to person, that it's hard to use the term "common" when talking about celiac.
t3_1i3uzm-t1_cb0rtxd-cb0yeew	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	fuck man. my brother had been diagnosed with colon cancer a week before, and i thought it was a brilliant idea to go see this movie with some friends. after the movie i stopped one of my roommates and just made him hug me.  side note: brother is doing great.
t3_3ovfxg-t1_cw0vkpe-cw0zrwf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.829	this situation is slightly annoying for me, in that i remember when he made the video about his colon cancer and how he knew something was wrong for a long time and did nothing about it, and he said he was silly to do nothing about it. my guess is that because he took so long to do anything, the thing spread to his nearby liver.  this is similar to what happened to my mother. bowel cancer, then spread to liver. when she was first diagnosed with bowel cancer she only lived for a year til it spread to the liver then everywhere else. tb is kinda fucked. he is super fucked if it gets to his lymph nodes. i can see him being positive about it though in that long tweet even though he said he felt nothing, which is good to see. positive thinking will go a long way. 13 years ago the odds for this were 1 year, now it's 3 years. 3 years from now it could be 4 etc...  on the plus side he has done a shit load of good things and he has a whole fanbase rooting him on, which is more than anyone could ask for when they are going through something like this.
t3_4dm7ho-t3_4dm7ho-d1s9je7	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	argh, very sorry to having to welcome you here. i have colon cancer but had mets to the ovaries which have been taken out. i feel like i can relate a little.  to keep up the positive thinking: whatever fun thing you feel like doing, do it. board games, going out for a movie, going for a walk, having coffee with a good friend, whatever you like doing. savour these moments.   chemo: when i'm nauseous, potatoes often go well (especially mashed). cold food often is easier to handle than hot. also, i often like sour or bitter things.   if you feel nauseous after chemo, tell your doctors about it. they can probably give you something to handle it better. (there are quite a few drugs against nausea.)   all the best to you!
t3_31arob-t1_cq2qwei-cq2sy3j	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i definitely agree with you that no one should give them a hit or a sip at early age but when i was young i was allowed a sip to taste it and i didn't get wasted/hungover/ colon isn't harmed. neither of my parents toke and i'm sure they would've never let me know about it if they did. but back to the argument. alcohol is definitely worse than cannabis. it causes multiple forms of cancer and after too much you get sick for 1-2 days. after getting way too high i've heard you can feel dizzy and get sick a bit but alcohol tears up your colon while weed depending on if you used papers can just deposit tar that leaves after a few days, no real harm done. i appreciate you wanted to hear my feedback :).
t3_4wa2fb-t3_4wa2fb-d661j70	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	october 2015 i was nauseas all the time and throwing up regularly. that, paired with abdominal pain, i went to my family doctor. i was diagnosed with a stomach ulcer. november 2015, it didn't resolve itself with the medication prescribed and the symptoms got worse. went to the er and was admitted because i was so anemic. 3 days of testing later it was determined i had stage 4 colon cancer which had spread to my gallbladder, spleen, uterus, ovaries, rectum, appendix, and peritoneum. fun times this past year. fun times.
t3_3fj9kl-t3_3fj9kl-ctsoq1i	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5963	happy birthday /u/lewismistreated!  we have something in common, today is my birthday too!  i can't party so please do something fun and amazing for the both of us:)  as for the best birthday gift that i have ever received?  honestly, "today" is the best birthday gift that i have ever received.  i was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer when i was 36 and i was told that i "might" live another 2-3 years; based on the condition that i was in at the time, it didn't seem like i would live another 2-3 days.  well, today i am 39 and i am still fighting.
t3_m0pif-t3_m0pif-c2x5r85	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i had colon cancer, a colon resection, and chemo.  i just finished chemo at the end of july.  i had stage 3.  do your best to stay calm and optimistic about it until they have determined how bad it is.  and, even if you find out it is bad, remain optimistic that he'll get through it.  it's tough, but strength and faith that he'll get better is what is needed to fight cancer.  they will want to cut it out as soon as possible, because it only gets worse if they don't.  they'll also have the ability to look around while they are in there, and see how bad it is.  i was in the hospital about a week after the surgery.  it hurt like hell at first, but it got better.  chemo was a pain, but bearable.    cancer is expensive to treat, so expect it to be hard if your family isn't in a real strong financial situation.  have them talk to financial counselors at the cancer facility.  they might be able to get them help.  if you have any questions, feel free to message me.  i'll do my best to reply.
t3_49tnhq-t3_49tnhq-d0upv4i	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	went through this not long ago.  my grandfather was diagnosed with colon cancer and was told he had 2-6 months to live.  he's a hard motherfucker so i knew if i pitied him, he'd resent me.  i treated him as if nothing ever happened.  even when it got towards the end and i had to help him walk to the bathroom, pull his pants down, help him stand up so he can wipe his ass, put a pillow under his back so he's comfortable, and spoon feed him, i didn't once let my emotions get to me and i knew he was embarrassed having his grandson help him.
t3_2m87aa-t1_cm207d1-cm20e1a	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5031	depends on how aggressive the tumor growth was and where it's located. edit: according to [this](http://www.tsn.ca/video/bryan-murray-s-ultimate-battle-1.134604) it was present in his colon for 7-10 years and was not detected because he kept putting off a colonoscopy. it has now metastasized into his liver and lungs.
t3_19as4t-t3_19as4t-c8medr8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	okay, i've done this. not with cancer but with an uncontrollable, barely manageable, no treatment disease that leaves me sick as a dying dog and often in the hospital for some surgery or another. i have done this.   what you do is tell him. yep. that's it. my so never knew, hell *i* didn't know i had it until i was diagnosed. i called him, cried, and told him that i was 'defective' and i had crohn's disease and it was incurable and i understood if he didn't want to be with me anymore. he, naturally, freaked out. but not because i was sick and would be sick forever. he freaked out because there was nothing he could to to help me. he'd always been terrified of me dying, the thought would give him nightmares, and here i was telling him that it was a very real possibility it would happen during a surgery in my future or from colon cancer. and he couldn't take it away and make it better.   if your so truly loves you, he'll do everything in his power to help you through it. it sucks, life is unfair and it seems to kick us all when we're down, but it won't stop just so we can get magically better. believe me, i've tried. i recently had another surgery and my so has helped me through it all. helping me sit up, walk, breathe half the time, lay down, get to the bathroom, cover me up, remind me to take my medicine. everything. because he *fucking loves me* and it's the only thing he could do. your boyfriend will either rise to the occasion or he was never worth it to begin  with. i am a firm believer that if they can't help you when you're sick and when you're down then they don't need to be in your life at all.
t3_1dskz9-t1_c9thj7b-c9tj5bh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't know if him and matt groening are close, but simpsons co-creator sam simon recently revealed he has colorectal cancer and has been given less than 6 months to live. :(
t3_3ponfr-t1_cw830sx-cw83fml	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my mother had colon cancer, in her late 40s, and my dad's father and mother both had it, later on in their life. i tend to get over-anxious when it comes to being sick, i don't usually handle it well; however, i think colon cancer might be a legitimate concern. i sometimes worry that i have lymphoma, because my lymph nodes tend to get swollen, but i also deal with chronic allergies and sometimes sinus infections. i just don't want to assume that i'm fine and actually be gravely ill.
t3_3sachq-t1_cwvqnzf-cwvvydq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7467	except that in terms of a direct comparision with the us alone, it is massively better.  yeah, surgery waits can be scary long, and the hospitals sometimes don't have enough beds (my father was sent home the day he was diagnosed with critical colon cancer because they didn't have anywhere to put him) but it didn't send us into bankruptcy to see him through the final years of his life.   it's not entirely free, its not entirely perfect, but its a damn sight better than what americans get.
t3_472ymh-t3_472ymh-d09y3yj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hello, today, i am here to bring some unfortunately sad news. my friend xhobo got diagnosed with colon cancer this week and the doctors told him he only has a few years to live. keep him in your thoughts and in your prayers. also it would be appreciated if you could change your skin to his which can be found [here](http://minecraft-skin-viewer.com/player/xhobo?r=1). if you see him, talk to him, give him support, he is going through a lot but he is trying to get over it and have a good rest of his life -shadow/khronix
t3_1lc2i7-t3_1lc2i7-cby1nf5	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7492	i had stage 3c colon cancer. basically anything that can help keep you comfortable or entertained. my favorite gifts i received were soft blankets but i also got pajama pants that ranked up there pretty high. a lot of types of chemo make you cold sensitive so fuzzy warm socks and gloves are nice as well. it may be summer but inside air conditioning can feel uncomfortably cold. the best gift i think you can give them is your friendship and companionship. don't treat them like they are suddenly a child. do stuff you would have normally done without the cancer to  help them feel like their life isn't completely spinning out of control.
t3_frkai-t3_frkai-c1i3kx2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6635	go see your doctor asap.  or go to emergency room.  it may just be hemorrohoids or something far more serious.  my mother had colon cancer and it presented in just the way you described.  go see your doctor asap.
t3_2caaw6-t1_cje8vc6-cje9cdu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7673	im just thinking about my poor grandpa who dropped down to 125lbs because he couldnt eat (and if he did it came straight back up) when he was on chemo. he fought  prostate cancer for 5 years before he lost that fight.  on the other hand (and this is kinda sad), my brother inlaws mom died last year after only a few months after being diagnosed with colon cancer. she was a pretty large lady, she gave up on the chemo after just a few treatments because it made her so sick and she said she would just rather live out her last few months eating and being happy.
t3_3qstlt-t3_3qstlt-cwitcfc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	now we have a new class of over-reacting health freaks. no long just hypercondriacs but also precondition hypercondriacs. i am going to remove my eyes least i get cataracts and remove my colon so i avoid colon cancer and well my whole body so i have nothing left that will fail.
t3_29t36v-t3_29t36v-ciohkhh	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	it took 8 total months for me to get a diagnosis of colon cancer. during the first 6 i went to my primary doctor 3 times and she blew me off saying i was too young at 29 to have any real issues. the third appointment i basically refused to leave until she scheduled some sort of test. i didn't care what, just something other than telling me everything was in my head. she referred me to a gastro. it took a month to get into his office. he also acted like it was no big deal and blamed my symptoms on taking too many over the counter antihistamines (said i was drying out my colon) but "to make you feel better" he scheduled a colonoscopy the month after. it was during the colonoscopy they found the stage 3 tumor blocking half my colon. at that point they were still insisting it was probably endometriosis until they got the biopsy labs in the next day that said it was cancer. there was a lot if apologizing from all the doctors involved but it didn't make the situation feel any better.
t3_tqw2w-t3_tqw2w-c4oyicp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6155	i did, but not for that reason.   my dad battled colorectal cancer for 5 years.  when he got diagnosed, they staged it at stage iv.  to go 5 years at stage iv was definitely bucking the odds... he was just suffering so much.  i was relieved that his suffering was over.  **edit:  my dad was the same way, but i learned a long time ago not to care about his approval**
t3_p7mic-t1_c3n8g9o-c3neawg	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i love this~ wish it would spread to the states. colon cancer is treatable *if it is caught early enough*.  prostate cancer can be horrible. there is some controversy now though about the psa test and if it is doing more harm than good when viewing the population *as a whole*. - trust me i know it is deadly, i just lost an uncle to it last spring.
t3_1wa69j-t3_1wa69j-cf0cssu	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i often wonder about this. there are so many opportunities that i have missed that i wish i had taken that i would have the chance to do so, but i have a single problem, my baby. now i have her, i could never ever do anything to change that, even if i went back to my 10 year old self, if i knew if i maintained the same path through life i'd end up where i am again, i wouldn't make any major changes, i'd still make sure to end up at this point with my little girl.  the changes i would make are 1) start saving. pay attention to changes in savings and interest and stay on top of it. 2) start exercising regularly and consistently. it's a tough job getting into that habit later in life, better to start it early. 3) study harder. i was a top student in elementary/primary school and the first 2 years of high school. after that i let it all go and became lazy, bored as sin in my lessons. in the end i coasted through my final exams with ease, never did any more work than absolutely necessary and no revision at home. still got high grades. today i have more respect for people who try their best than people who just do well regardless. i'd much rather have tried hard. 4) get a job asap, even if it's just delivering papers. 5) fight back. i was bullied, but never did anything about it because i was raised to never fight. fortunately it never went that far because i was a big lad in school and nobody wanted to try me too hard just in case i flipped out. i often wish i had and if i could go back, i'd fight back and show them nice and early that i wasn't someone to mess with. i could have done that easily, i was that big, tall, broad and strong when i was a kid. 6) getting more serious now, i'd force my dad to keep going to the gp to get referred for scans on his bowls and ass for signs of cancer. he was refused originally, then got bowl and colon cancer and died (were never sure where it started, one or the other). we were told when it was diagnosed that if it had been caught earlier they could have operated on it for complete removal. his earliest signs would have been shortly before he went to the gp. so i would make sure he got that referral no matter what. 7) invest. as well as savings i'd make particular, sound investments that i know would make some money, buy shares in good companies when their stocks are down low.  in other words, i'd prepare for the life i know was coming my way by making sure i was in much better health, had my family around me and was wealthy. it doesn't need to be megabucks, but wealthy enough that i could survive without working if i wanted/needed to.  if i didn't have my little girl though, well, there are a few other changes i'd make along the way, but it's mostly simple things like women i'd have said yes to and other opportunities i'd have taken if i felt at the time that i really could have them.
t3_z4n65-t1_c61rswb-c61vlrh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i believe those things should be provided by state funding.  medical research can be (and is) state-funded. and it ensures funding goes according to medical need, not fashion - i.e. if more people die of rectal carcinoma it gets more funding, it doesn't all go to breast cancer because they can run better public relations.  why should these vulnerable people be dependent on charity which is itself in a precarious situation rather than far more dependable state funding which also allows for a fairer distribution as noted previously.  it's not that i don't care for such people (my own mother is disabled for a start) but precisely *because* i care for such people that i find it far too important to be left to charity.
t3_256v82-t1_chebprx-chegu2w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i deleted the post because i was receiving some shit for it but i'm still not quite sure what was bullshit about it. would you please explain to me what i said that was wrong?   i said that microwave radiation, as in that frequency of electromagnetic radiation, can be dangerous? i know that at low amounts it's been shown to have no ionizing ability or biological effects, but i think i stated that after a while the effects will be cumulative so it will cause cancer. that last part is supported by some, but not all studies, but i also told op that he's not at risk since he's not microwaving his head everyday.   as for the opinion on meats, i know there have been a couple recent studies that showed meat eaters not having a significantly higher cancer risk than others, but most studies historically have shown that very high meat consumption often leads to colorectal cancers. is this wrong?   on creatine to creatinine, i just realized i had the relationship backwards a bit: though creatine does convert to creatinine in the body, elevated creatinine levels are a result/sign of impaired kidney function, not the other way around. i had the causal relationship backwards there.   the taste thing about warming things in a pan was just opinion. i think it tastes better :)
t3_4yzds1-t1_d6sdrfj-d6segya	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	he passed away. cancer. but as i said he had other problems. he not only had colon cancer but lung cancer too. it's no wonder when he smoked 3 packs a day in his prime. he was a bit of a drinker too.  he had many surgeries in his late life. his heart, his colon, and his liver. in his last months he had chemoterapy. he looked like a skeleton, pale and thin.
t3_41vmys-t1_cz5j00h-cz5oiyn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6249	stage iv colon cancer (metastatic, meaning its spread to other organs). 5 year survival rate of 11% according to the american cancer society.  good news is it was caught, its being treated aggressively, and mr bain is relatively young. this boosts his survival rate substantially.   the fact that the liver tumor responded to chemotherapy is another 'win'. they could theoretically cut the tumor out if it gets small enough, and prolong his life substantially.  he is unlikely to be ever entirely cured, it will be a long battle of meds and treatment for as long as he lives.   its still good news.
t3_fc4lv-t3_fc4lv-c1evocw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i feel you on this. my mom was just diagnosed with uterine cancer, after beating colon cancer about 15 years ago.
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqfdg2q-cqfh0y5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8419	great uncles don't really count as "family" in the medical sense but the blood alone is a good enough reason to investigate. lots of reasons for blood in stool other than cancer (colitis, rectal fissure, hemorrhoids, or benign polyps) but if i were you i would want to know what is causing it now in case it doesn't "work itself out."
t3_3l60ge-t1_cv46pok-cv6r0y0	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i wasn't really clear on my situation, sorry. my mom had stage 4 colon cancer and was about 6 months into treatment. prior to going to the hospital she was weak and had a very low appetite, but was otherwise fine; she had good spirits and wasn't in pain. she had a tiny little stroke when they accessed her port for chemo (my pet theory is that they dislodged a small clot) and she went to the hospital but was fine and cheerful when i got there half an hour later. they wanted to keep her a few days during which she continued to be fine, we joked, we brought her junk food, we watched movies, it was all good. on the day she was supposed to be discharged she became more withdrawn and wouldn't eat, but if we got even a little food in her she'd perk up and be normal for a bit, she just didn't want to eat. a week later they gave her something to help her sleep and she didn't wake up, next day they transferred her to the icu and gave her a feeding tube.  so she goes into the hospital being fine, is fine for a week, but after another week of not eating she never woke up and died 4 days later. i just keep thinking that if she had gotten some nutrition in her during the second week she would have woken up. she went in at 110 pounds, it's not like she had any fat to live off of.  i'm not upset they predicted her death wrong the day she died, i'm just angry at the world. i'm actually glad i missed her actual death, with how hard i've been taking it i know watching that would have made it worse. i started living with her after her diagnosis and visited her daily in the hospital, usually for several hours, so i don't feel like i wasn't there, i was there when it mattered. funny situation, she actually passed right after my other sister went to the bathroom. a nurse went to go get her and said she needed to go back to mom immediately, but it was already too late.  what you said about the morphine makes sense. after she was transferred to the icu she was on a fluids drip for days and wasn't passing much urine, so she kept swelling. she went from 110 to 145 in just a few days. it was so bad that her skin was stretched out and started oozing because it couldn't contain it all. when i saw that, that's when i knew she was about to die because it would be too awful for her. i thought the repeated morphine doses was more of a 'going quickly would be a kindness rather than prolonging the suffering' situation, not an actual move to kill her, just more like a lubricant to quicken a long painful situation. it makes sense that they were just administering it slowly since they didn't know how she'd react to it. i just thought that when they kept coming in to give her more that was why, yet they still never said she was close. it was only once her blood pressure was about 25/18 that they said her end was coming in the next few days. the only thing i'm really angry about is that the doctors wouldn't even address the fact that she wouldn't eat, it was a non-issue to them. the fact that nobody warned us that she was close us is more of a hindsight irritation.
t3_32dvpp-t3_32dvpp-cqakf4e	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think it's really hard for the people out there who haven't either experienced any kind of health hardships, let alone had cancer or had a loved one or close friend have cancer.  i remember when i was just a teen... my dad had been battling cancer for as long as i had been alive... and he had been through countless surgeries and procedures and almost died more times than i knew...   i will never forget the day he sat down with me and told me that he was (in my mind giving up) stopping active treatments/testing etc and that he wanted to have quality over quantity.  i had such a hard time understanding that back then... but then again i was a teen and the cancer that my dad had... is genetic and i had inherited it and so being in that place and having had surgery for colon cancer at 14... my dad and i were uber close and i just couldn't imagine my life without him.  i learned a very valuable lesson... that just because someone decides that enough is enough... doesn't mean they're giving up on life... it means to live life to the fullest and with palliative care.  you need to do what's right for you!!! don't worry about anything but what is best for you! (i can honestly say i understand where you're at... there is a point where enough is enough!)
t3_4egt3z-t1_d1zyxpm-d20e5ju	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm a female who got colon cancer at 32. well, i probably "got" it in my mid-20s, actually. by the time i was 32 it was stage 4 metastatic to the liver and lymph system. that was very, very unfortunate.  but i survived seven years now cancer-free, so i guess that was more fortunate than getting it was unfortunate. i think?
t3_4zupvk-t1_d6zb4fh-d6zdsqn	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	at the point he was at, they were doing some chemo but within about 4 months of him being at our facility he stopped chemo and went on palliative care.   the chemo and cancer had wrecked his colon and bowels and his stool was almost all dark red fresh blood. he wouldn't have survived the surgery to put in a colostomy and it would have been unwelcome pain. he was never going to get better. it was unnecessary surgery.   a catheter like what i think you're talking about doesn't exist.
t3_10gtwc-t1_c6dlp94-c6dlqtj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ok, i gotta poo now.   i am going to put my left ankle behind my head and my right foot on the counter. if i lean forward a bit i shouldn't piss all over the floor.  hopefully i don't get colon cancer trying this.
t3_1m9iv7-t3_1m9iv7-cc7cwuf	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had an uncle that i loved very much pass away a couple of years ago. he was probably one of the nicest people that i have ever known.  just to give you some background, my family is full of stupid shitheads that fight over money and steal from each other, that sorta shit. well i had some great memories with my uncle, especially since he owned his own driving school and taught me how to drive.  well one night i was in my dads car with my aunt (she divorced my uncle), and they were talking about how he was diagnosed with colon cancer.  i just sorta sat there, really sad and i don't think they knew that i was listening.  fast forward a few years and his cancer is worse. me being the shithead that i am, never really spoke much to my uncle. i think i had 0 contact with him after that car ride i mentioned earlier.  one day at work i was transporting a deceased body and thought about calling my uncle.  while i was walking to my bus from work to get home i pulled out my wallet to see if i still had his calling card in there but it wasn't there.  i really wanted to call him so badly, i'll never forget that feeling.  turns out that was his last full day alive. he had died the morning after. this shit hurts so bad sometimes. at least he taught me how to be a good, decent man. i just hope i don't fuck shit up all the time.
t3_43vvw7-t3_43vvw7-czmb8m6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7906	this is really really terrible, but i was bussing tables in baltimore and this old guy eating at the bar just stops me and immediately tells me how he has rectal cancer while me not immediately processing what he said since it was so dramatic and random that i giggled when he said rectal.  i felt terrible.
t3_3g8t1p-t3_3g8t1p-ctwewlo	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my grandpa gave me his watch he wore for 7 years. (he had colon cancer and he knew he wouldnt live much longer) i was playing a game of csgo and i took it, smashing it on the ground without knowing it was the watch. i regret my decision and i feel like somewhere above, he's mad at me :(
t3_2h1n4x-t3_2h1n4x-ckow9uz	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	hey all, i'm evan, i'm 21.  my dad (58) was diagnosed with colon cancer three years ago. late last year it started to spread... his lungs, his liver, kidneys, small intestines. he stopped chemo at the start of june this year.   about 10 days ago he simply gave me. he hasn't had food or water since. hospice came out saturday the 20th the start end of life care. he is at the point where he is barely conscious and isn't really recognizing anyone.  he is no longer the man he was, but simply a shell with his face. i'm so lost.
t3_9p8av-t1_c0ds9rx-c0dsbhk	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5033	um, you could have colon cancer.  edit:  actually a hemorrhoid is most likely, as pimmyjalmer points out, since it went away, but it's best to get it checked.  i knew a guy who found out he had colon cancer exactly this way.  (i mean bloody stool was his first symptom, not that it was diagnosed in a comment thread.)
t3_4uf3nr-t3_4uf3nr-d5pk93u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was pretty lazy and unmotivated for the better half of my 20s, i was there when my mom got diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer and watched her take her last breath right in front of me.  after that i clicked, i got working, i have a decent paying job running my family's company, my boss is an addict, and he surrounds himself with addicts to control them, he's very manipulative, i always think about quitting and finding another job but i don't have confidence in myself to find something better.  i have never been this stressed out in my life with this gig, i constantly have anxiety and stress, recently i have developed a problem while falling asleep where i startle myself awake and have panic attacks and it's not fun at all.  i lost 120 pounds in 2014-2015, met a super cool woman, weve been together over a year now, we are moving into our own place next week and i am scared as i've ever been in my life but i love her and i would do anything for her.  other than that, i can't wait for football season, i feel empty without it.
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqes7eo-cqf42o6	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6267	tl;dr here's my result from the "same" surgery: http://imgur.com/jsmwrat  hey, i'm not op, but i had the same surgery to stem the spread of colon cancer 14 months ago. it looks like op had to have more bone removed than i did, as i was able to keep my ass crack and everything.
t3_1jofeg-t3_1jofeg-cbgox1w	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when my dad sat my younger brother and i (me 29 my bro 27) down to explain he was told his colon cancer was terminal and that he'd be gone soon, my wife was pregnant with my daughter, and he told me he thought i'd make a good dad. i knew he loved me but we'd never talked like that or said we loved each other. he died 2 weeks before my daughter was born but thinking of what he said makes me smile
t3_3hkp05-t3_3hkp05-cu8kioq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	tell dad to get tested for genetic colorectal cancer. do it.  context: he is battling stage 4 colorectal cancer that's genetic, and they only found it when it was stage 4. he'd had it for a long time but never got tested.
t3_3yexdg-t3_3yexdg-cycv4u1	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad getting done with his last radiation treatment. he was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer back in june. he's been through 6 chemo treatments and 30 radiation treatments, and he just done with it all on december 22nd.  now we have to wait 3 months until we can do a scan and see how it all worked and how much cancer is left, if any, but the doctors were feeling pretty optimistic.  we're not out of the woods yet, but its truly a blessing and a miracle that he's still with us and i don't want to take any other day i have with him for granted anymore.
t3_vy11f-t3_vy11f-c58sabh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.747	may 2011 i was diagnosed w/ rectal cancer. i had already been on atkins induction / keto since january. after six weeks of chemo/radiation (mid may to late june) i was declared cancer free. i believe my low blood glucose starved the cancer and my low serum insulin discouraged its growth and spread. i also lost a passel, even a plethora of weight above my perineum.
t3_usi2l-t1_c4y8njx-c4y8q3p	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i did and i was replaying to it before i got your message.   you do know i'm rainb0w, right? i'm posting under this account, with permission from snivvy, so i can convince the other mods that i'm not the same nasty person who was making verbal attacks against people.   i'm still going to be cynical and negative, i'm just doing damage control for some of the more negative things i've said.  as for the who rectal cancer thing; it was actually a concern this week. i go through these boughts of paranoia every so often where i show symptoms of ocd and hypochondria where i get extremely anxious over benign things about my body. this time i thought i had rectal cancer because i don't use the bathroom very often, but then i realize i only eat once a day so i stopped worrying. it took a while for my stomach to unclench though, but wen it did i ate everything!   [](/b14 "and did you hear that plounge? i'm his favorite!")
t3_snsn9-t3_snsn9-c4fsop5	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you should really see a doctor! it could be celiac or gluten intolerance, or it could be colon cancer or crohn's. it could something else entirely. even doctors go see other doctors when they have a problem, because it's difficult to be objective about your own body.
t3_btc4e-t3_btc4e-c0ohurq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i really feel for you, goatz.  i've been in the same situation.  my wife was diagnosed with cancer 3 years ago and we have 2 little ones as well.  but the key difference is that she was diagnosed with stage iv melanoma, which has a very low survival rate.  she died a year and a half ago.  melanoma at that stage isn't responsive to chemo and other treatments (which didn't stop her from trying it).  but stage iii colon cancer is treatable and curable with chemo and radiation.  i'd give anything to have my wife back.  you don't want to be in my world.  please, don't gamble your wife's life.  please, please, please.  don't let it spread anymore.  cure it while you can-- once you hit stage iv, the survival rate drops to 6%.
t3_rkg71-t3_rkg71-c46n4f9	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my father has stage iv colon cancer and it has spread to his liver.  first i want to say that i support you.  my father's main complaint, beyond the chemo, radiation, tpn and other drugs he has to deal with was the hiccups.  i don't know why but when he starts a new treatment he has hiccups that he says burn his throat and make it hard for him to talk and sleep because they are constant.  i just wanted to give you a heads up about those, although it might be a uniqueness only to him.
t3_2h5kal-t1_ckppll5-ckq0ngl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7605	same issue, opposite results. diagnosed with stage 3 rectal cancer at 34 y/o. it was a gradual thing for me, but looking back there was all sorts of warning signs that would have (probably) caught it earlier. i let it get to the point where there was a scary amount of blood in the toilet before i brought it up to my doctor. thankfully she didn't mess around and sent me straight to a gastroenterologist to get checked. two years cancer-free, but the treatment and surgeries were brutal.
t3_15kou7-t3_15kou7-c7nha5v	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6761	having my father taken off of life support.  he had problems with cancer since i was 12. all starting with prostate cancer which he was warned of (before i was born) but decided to ignore for as long as he could. then after going through surgery and radiation therapy, he became "cancer free" for over a year.  then he was diagnosed with metastatic bone cancer, which started in his ribs and moved to his skull. finally he decided to go through chemo, which he was not very optimistic about.   the chemo would make him sick about 2 weeks out of every month. "sick" ranging from not wanting to eat, to not getting out of bed. during one of his sick days he was having severe gastric problems, i gave him his medicine, tucked him into bed and said goodnight. (i had to go to work that day, my older brother was to spent the rest of the day with him). by the next day he was out of his mind sick, my brother and i considered taking him to the hospital so we called my mother (a nurse who was at work) for mild consultation on the subject. she said to wait until she got home; i went to work. before i left, i kissed my father on the head. he said in his delusional sick state, "get the fuck off me". which was the last thing i ever heard him say.   i went to work and mid way through my shift i get a call telling me that my father was in the hospital and was about to undergo surgery to remove various parts of his gastric system (his colon had burst). i asked if i should come in, and they said he was already under. i stayed at work and acted like nothing was wrong.   he was in a coma, fully septic, for a few days and they tell us that there's a chance that he will come out of it. they also added that he would have to be on dialysis for the rest of his life.  my father was not the type of person who would be up for this. he had several talks with my brother and i about these situations with the basic idea being "pull the plug."  my mother came into my room one morning and woke me up. this was judgement day; she asked me if we should take him off of life support. my mother loved my father more then anyone, she couldn't make the call, even though she knew it was what he wanted. it was left up to my brother and i.   the call was made. we all stayed by his bedside until he was gone.   it has been difficult emotionally as well as financially. my father made up more then 50% of our family income, and i've been wanting to move out for some time, but my mother would not be able to pay the bills without my contributions (she would never accept any money from the government.) i will stay with her as long as she needs.  i have no regrets about taking him off of life support. this happened a little over a year ago and even though the year has been very hard on us, we have survived, and our second christmas without him ended up being a good one.   **tl;dr:** dad was sick, went into a coma. we ended up taking him off of life support. no regrets.
t3_48dyed-t1_d0j66yi-d0jfwlx	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7391	&gt; colon cancer screening usually happens at 50 (or 40 if others in your family have had it). this is because mostly middle age to older people get it.  fwiw my personal experience / anecdotal evidence has been different, and i'd encourage both men and women alike to get screened well before then. i lost my mom to it when she was only 42 after she fought it for several years. i've had two screenings to date, my first at 27 and more recently at 32(i'll be 34 in 2 months), where they found small and medium sized polyps respectively. obviously it's different because it runs in my family specifically, but i just figured i'd toss it out there.
t3_1cjfo3-t3_1cjfo3-c9hc0h4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ive had ibs all my life and my anxiety is just now rearing its ugly head. i dont have much 'advice' but i can relate. for me, its bad because i always think i have colon cancer when my ibs flares up.
t3_2b12xy-t1_cj0z0zv-cj0zjh4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6735	irregular bowel movements, and some times blood in stool. you don't really pay attention to that at age 25. figuring it was hemorrhoids, get some cream for that and be done with it.   colon cancer is really uncommon at this age (80% of the people who are diagnosed with it are over 60 years old), so you don't really think about it and neither did my physician. she had to double check after i told her the results of the colonoscopy (this was done at a different hospital).
t3_427y46-t3_427y46-cz8ozse	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.677	hi there!   i have stage iv colon cancer too. only her doctors can tell how serious it is exactly. but stage iv normally isn't good. there are cases for whom the treatment is still curative though.  also: what will be very important now is good theology. i say this as a christian myself. it is such a delicate subject and it is very easy to feel pressured.   all the best to your friend!
t3_e6c62-t1_c15o5hv-c15qtne	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	dude, in all honesty you really need to go to a hospital.  i just talked to my dr about my problem.  she asked if anyone in my family has a history of cancer (thankfully in my situation, no) but cancer is one of the symptoms.  you can also get polyps and other colon problems that bleed.  if your anus hurts, and the blood is bright red, then it is probably anal fissures or hemorrhoids , if it is a deeper color, than it is a problem with something farther up the digestive track, maybe an ulcer.  but you really want to get this checked out.  1k-10k (depending on your problem) is worth saving your life.
t3_4sj9um-t3_4sj9um-d5a33ip	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had something somewhat similar. around december i was nothing that my stool was half light brown and half dark brown (not black but dark broken). i also had bright red blood on the outside of the stools, sometimes mixed with mucus. it scared me really bad at the time but it eventually went away. i think it was caused by anxiety and a digestive disorder. maybe that's all it is. it is very rare to get cancer at your age, especially colon cancer. that type normally affects people in their 50's or later.   edit: i also felt the feeling that not all the bm was gone. i forgot to mention that.
t3_2qjemm-t1_cn7mf3f-cn7ny88	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7625	upravo otvorio prvi link, [prva stvar koja mi je upala u oko - "vegan certified pasta za zube"] (http://i.imgur.com/nizqlt2.png) ... pa jbt  sad ću da pročitam tekst ali već sumnjam u kredibilitet  edit 1: prvi link nema nikakve reference. inače lik (john yiamouyiannis) koji je napisao taj tekst je završio ovako  &gt; in august 2000, the water district that serves yiamouyiannis's home community (delaware, ohio) approved fluoridation. a few months later, the columbus dispatch reported that he had died "after a long and noble fight with cancer." [14] however, a subsequent report by peter barry chowka indicates that yiamouyiannis's death was probably hastened by neglect. in september 1999, yiamouyiannis described to chowka that about a year earlier, he had begun having bloody stools and **went to several mexican cancer clinics where he was diagnosed with rectal cancer, treated with "iv drips of laetrile, vitamin c, and a whole bunch of other stuff," and advised to have surgery and chemotherapy. however, he decided to reject conventional therapy and treat himself with what he considered to be nontoxic approaches**   imaš dosta linkova o njemu, možeš da pročitaš, lik je bio klasičan tinfojler koji se protivio i vakcinaciji.  pročitaću sad i ovaj drugi link koji si okačio  edit 2: nemam snage da pročitam sve ovo i proverim sve reference i uporedim sa nekim novijim i pouzdanim izvorima...  pazi, uvek će biti onih koji misle da postoji neka velika zavera, farmaceutske kompanije, cia, vatikan i uhvatiće se za svaku sitnicu i od muve napraviti magarca. ja sa druge strane verujem onome što su me učili na fakultetu, što sam čitao u stručnoj literaturi i polagao.  činjenica je da fluor pomaže u prevenciji karijesa. tu nema nikakve dileme. sad oni tamo pišu eseje da li je redukcija od 40% ili 20%... porede incidencu karijesa od pre 40 godina sa onom danas, što su budalaštne, mešaju se babe i žabe. istraživanja su rađena od '45 godine i rade se i dan danas. u međuvremenu su ljudi stekli neke zdrave navike, jedu so sa fluorom, vode više računa o zubima nego što se vodilo pre nekoliko decenija, naravno da će brojke biti manje.  što se tiče toksičnosti nema dokaza, apsolutno nema, da kontrolisana fluorizacija pijaće vode i fluor koji se koristi u pastama za zube dovodi do bilo kakvog oštećenja zdravlja, osim fluoroze koji je čisto estetska promena na gleđi. najveći protivnici fluorizacije vode su pristalice one teorije da svako mora da ima pravo da izabere da li hoće da ta voda koju pije bude fluorisana ili ne. i ja se apsolutno slažem. ne možeš i ne smeš nikoga da teraš da unosi u sebe nešto što ne želi iako je to možda i dobro za njega. zato je većina evropskih zemalja ukinula fluorizaciju vode, dok je fluorisana so npr dostupna svima kao opcija pored one nefluorisane.  i ti naravno imaš izbor, a moj najdobronamerniji savet, kao nekoga ko se time bavi već 6 godina i baviće se ceo život, je da slobodno (obavezno) koristiš pastu za zube sa fluorom, bar 2 puta dnevno. i naravno konac :)
t3_1vxtxf-t1_cex1l1c-cex40oo	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7527	i feel you. a gene that predisposes you to colon cancer runs in my family and my mom probably had it too (we will never know, it was discovered after she died) and in 11 years i've had about 10 colonoscopies, but i can't bring myself to have the genetic testing done yet (the alternative is getting scoped yearly). at first i just didn't want to know (i was 21, just got married, just lost my mom...i didn't want to think about me dying). now, i don't know if i'd feel comfortable getting scoped every 5 years instead of every year if they find i don't have the gene. it's been hard to bite the bullet!  good luck to your mom (and to you, i hope you don't have the gene)!!  may she enjoy many, many more years with you.
t3_2wvt4s-t1_coupktb-couub5g	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	ur girl be all over my fat dick   she likes it when i slap her with it  shit have her walking crooked n shit  then i fart blood and go to the doctor and he tells me i have colon cancer
t3_1oemur-t1_ccru5hj-ccsfhzo	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	thanks for the information.  i had a similar experience as the ct scan with my grandpa when he had cancer (they didn't know at the time), but they didn't want to do a ct because of the radiation.  he was old and they didn't think he had anything major.  we eventually found out that he had an extremely form of colon cancer, but they would have seen it if they did a ct when he was in the hospital 6 months prior.  my family (me included) were upset that they didn't do a ct sooner, but at the time they had no strong compelling reasons to actually perform one.  i talked with some of my professors (i'm in pharmacy school), and the hospital pharmacists all said that given the symptoms at the time there wasn't a good reason to conduct one.  that made me feel better about it, but the reasoning didn't seem to make sense to the rest of my family.
t3_1gwmct-t1_caok90f-caokbes	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	he is good. he just had a ct scan and is now 6 years cancer free. he gets 1,once a year. he had stage 3 colon cancer and ended up losing his large intestine.
t3_1kev2j-t3_1kev2j-cboiw8r	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	in 2007 my (step) grandfather, who basically helped raise me (my mom and i lived with him and my grandmother) had a recurrence of colon cancer. he had been cancer free for most of my life (had one near death bout with it when i was 3, i still remember), then in 2007 it came back twice. the first surgery, in the early part of the year, removed the rest of his colon, and he seemed to be doing pretty well considering. in early october he found out that it was back. he had to go back into the hospital for surgery to remove some of his small intestines and to put in an ostomy bag. when he went into the hospital again i was so distraught that i quit my job of over two years, and stayed at his bedside, alternating with his niece. after he was released onto hospice care everyone else had to work and whatnot, so i stayed at my grandparents house and looked after him and my grandmother (she is mostly blind, and very headstrong). at one point my grandmother decided that the hospital bed he was sent home with was not good enough, and made me go get a new mattress for him. i got the new mattress home, and with my moms help lifted him back to bed, while my grandmother watched. i gave him a kiss, then left the room, then my grandmother left. about 1 1/2 - 2 minutes later my mom calls for us. he had waited until grandma left the room, then drew his final breath. i remember kneeling down by the bed, holding his had and sobbing uncontrollably until the paramedics got there. then while planning his funeral (what little he hadn't already taken care of, yes he was just that kind of man) i got it in my head that he should have a certain tie tack on his tie and i tore the house apart looking for it. i couldn't find it, so i picked another. the day of his wake the funeral director let me in first to put the tie tack on, and i'll be damned if he wasn't already wearing the one i had been looking for. he truly was an amazing man. i realize that he was a pretty small man, about 5'4" and very thin to begin with, but he always seemed so big to me. he loved me and cared for me as if i was his own child. he was the only person other than my mom who would hold me as an infant because i was born so early, and weighed only 2lbs we had an extremely special bond. november 15th will be 6 years since we lost him. not a day goes by that i don't miss him.  tl;dr - grandfather whom i was extremely close with got cancer for the third and final time, i nursed him til the end.
t3_4yw0yb-t1_d6rhg4h-d6rhm4m	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6376	eh, it did suck, from the emergency surgery to remove the tumor blocking my colon to six months of chemo.  but i scanned clear after so i'm good.
t3_1wookr-t3_1wookr-cf4295w	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8891	i'm so sorry you're going through this. if you want to connect with someone in a similar situation, please feel free to holler. my baby just turned one and when she was 4.5 months old, i was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer that had metastasized to the liver. i had an emergency c-section with her and felt like i wasn't recovering. ended up in er and in hours, life changed. been through hell this year with chemo and surgeries and side-effects but though there is a 6% 5-yr survival rate, i'm happy to say that my fight it going well so far, and i hope that you'll find the same. it's so scary when we're so young and have brand new kids. focus on your baby and she will get you guys through this. blessings.
t3_1fr545-t3_1fr545-cad5njn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is a really sore thought for me. when i was 18 i weighed 550 lbs. i'm 24 now, and since have had gastric-bypass and 2 skin removal surgeries because i lost so much weight. right now, i'm 6'4 and 245~lbs.  but i don't know who to blame. my uncle on my mom's side was huge. he died of colon cancer when i was 12, but even then, he was a big guy. like, really big. his whole life. he flipped-shit about the amount of roast beef on his sandwich compared to the person infront of him at a reststop. his sister, my mom, has always struggled with her weight, but manages to be weight-conscious.  my dad is just.. my dad. i don't know how to explain it. i feel like my family, growing up, lost control of me. i was told i was probably going to die when i went in for a check-up at 8 years old. i think i was almost 250 lbs, maybe more. i was always big. my parents didn't really have the enthusiasm, energy, or time to try to convince their child to lose weight. right? that's what i tell myself. i harbor a lot of resentment towards them for allowing me to get so bad. but at the same time, i never wanted to talk about it, got moody whenever anyone brought up exercise or dieting, and told myself i wasn't "that bad." only when i had crippling depression and suicidal thoughts in my first year away at college did i ask for help. even then, no one ever suggested anything for me.  i guess the weird thing is that, for something like a kid being morbidly obese, it's up to the parents, but it's really up to the kid. kids will find ways to cheat. i did. if you're told you can't eat something, all you want to do is eat it.   i don't know. they love me so unconditionally but, like i said, i blame them at least partially.
t3_32draw-t3_32draw-cqar34q	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	my wife's flamingly gay and very outspoken power bottom told us he had colon cancer as a result of contracting aids. i laughed because, he's a power bottom and he had butt cancer. they didn't find it nearly as amusing as i did.  he forgave me before he died. my wife is still a bit touchy about it.
t3_20cyfx-t3_20cyfx-cg27ziw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7246	i told my partner that if he didn't lose weight he was going to die of colon cancer like the rest of his overweight relatives. he agreed and has since changed his lifestyle. i guess i shamed him into it
t3_t37ae-t1_c4jbmxq-c4jbttc	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7425	what is your condition?  if you dot mind me asking.   i just colon surgery and they also fixed a rectal prolapse and rectocele. before that i had a pacemaker inserted to try to stimulate my colon, but that didn't work.    i also haw gastroparesis... so after i'm healed from this, i'll probably have a gastric pacemaker put in.  which is another abdominal surgery :(. hopefully, the gastroparesis doctor (also the leading specialist in the usa) is more people friendly than my colon surgeon.   the first few visits with my colon surgeon, i was very upset with his attitude and him rushing. i even cried a few times because of how frustrating it was.  i had to think about how he knows what he's doing... he's an awesome doctor and surgeon, he just isn't very people-friendly.  and i can't blame him for that.  he deals with having to tell patients they have cancer and only have x amount of time to live... so once i think about that, i get more perspective. mine isn't that serious, it is serious to me, but i'm not going to die and it's treatable.  so that also helps me understand why he might be the way he is.
t3_1b2xc3-t3_1b2xc3-c9365im	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i think i'll stop hating odom after this game because i just realized he's from queens, ny. his [early life](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lamar_odom#early_life) was crazy btw:  &gt; odom was born in south jamaica, queens, new york city, new york. his father was a heroin addict and his mother died of colon cancer when he was twelve years old. he was raised by his grandmother mildred.
t3_g4pjj-t3_g4pjj-c1kvvdc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one, i lost my wife in 2000 to colon cancer, but i still find reasons to cry, mostly for joy now. cancer is a very hard road to travel for everyone involved.
t3_2m8udh-t1_cm21qql-cm29i7a	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my dad had stage 4 colon (also had prostate at the same time, but appeared to be unrelated), and has been free for a few years. now, you might wonder why a middle class man with superb insurance is diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer at 60 when he knows he had a family history. well, dumbass (love you pops), thought "well, my mom had it at 70, so i dont really need screening at 50." nearly cost him his life because his first symptoms were blood in the stool when already stage 4.   get your screenings people! colon cancer kills almost as many people as breast, but is highly treatable with early detection!
t3_4z5puv-t3_4z5puv-d6ty6ck	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6747	30 here. dad committed suicide close to 7 years ago. been battling rectal cancer the last 3 years. now outfitted with a permanent colostomy / urostomy / completely infertile and have to stab my dick with a needle to get an erection. finally admitted to wife and dr i am depressed a few months ago.  i have been taking opiates at extremely high does for the pain but mostly it gave me a good feeling. i wasn't lying about the physical pain but exaggerated it to get my doses. when my dosage decreased life sucked, i couldn't hide behind my opiate euphoria. that's when i admitted i was depressed.    seen a therapist, didn't do it for me. i am on remeron and life has been better. still up and down but trending up. mind is finally clear and the day to day tasks are easier. my mind isn't so muddy.  looking at the past few years it makes sense on why i am depressed, i think it would get the best of anyone.
t3_4u1a9e-t1_d5m4edv-d5m943h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5692	i know you are joking, but that was exactly my father's choice. even when he found out that he had colon cancer (which was operable), he decided to drown it in alcohol instead. he died in a month. please don't do this.
t3_2p8es8-t3_2p8es8-cmuqc5h	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom had no previous symptoms of colon cancer and was generally just more tired.  one day her intestines pretty much just stopped working and one night was just in so much pain she thought she was dying. after being rushed to the er they found a very large mass. i believe she was stage three. after surgery and chemo, it has been about 7 years and she is still clear.    my husband had thyroid cancer at 17 and for years we've thought it was gone. he had a minor blood test this summer which showed an odd hormone was elevated. he had zero symptoms and still does. he is considered stage 1 with lymph node involvement.
t3_4wa2fb-t3_4wa2fb-d66df1e	colon_cancer	relevant	0.503	last october (age 46) i thought i had food poisoning. after 3 days i went to the er. they did a cat scan and could immediately see a stage 3b tumor had just closed off my ascending colon and shit was backing up behind it.  the backed up part of my colon was now 7" in diameter and would have burst soon.  i had surgery a few hours later, and 6 months of chemo after i healed from it.    chemo was fucking awful but my latest scans and tests were clear.  i still have some very minor numbness in my feet when i jog, but i'm back to yoga and bike commuting just like before.  i eat a little less red/processed meat these days.  i'll be getting regularly tested for the next 5 years.  the only thing i noticed before was that for a few months i'd occasionally i'd have very brief abdominal spasms, but i thought they were from all the core work i was doing in yoga.
t3_45ob9i-t3_45ob9i-czztld9	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6606	i have ulcerative colitis, which is an inflammation of the colon that causes cramps, bleeding, diarrhea, and long term increases my risk for colon cancer.  before i went gluten free, i regularly saw blood and mucous in my stool and sometimes, embarrassingly, i would have incidents where i did not make it to the bathroom on time. i would not get a lot of warning when i had to go and because my intestines and muscles were inflamed, they could not hold their contents effectively.  now i have made changes to my diet and stopped all medicine. i eat gluten free, am a pescetarian  for ethical and also health reasons, and (try) to limit my sugar intake. sometimes i have days where i just have to poop a lot. i need to be screened regularly for colon cancer for the rest of my life. sometimes it takes me a good 20 minutes to feel completely done in the bathroom.  i personally don't mind discussing my disease with anyone, but there's this idea that "women don't poop" especially with men so i try not to let on that i have something wrong with me. i'm single now, but in the past i have dated people who were grossed out or didn't understand that when i said i needed to go, i had to go right that minute so quit slowing down to try and be funny, you fucking asshole.   another thing that annoys me is that since i eat gluten free and don't have celiacs, people think i'm doing it to be trendy. they'll ask me if i even know what gluten is or if i'm just trying to be cool or inform me that actually very few people have celiacs and eating gluten free is unnecessary for just about everyone else. depending on who's asking, if someone asks what happens when i eat gluten, i simply say, "i shit blood and mucous."
t3_2sid26-t1_cnpvarc-cnpz4fy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6071	my mom died from colon cancer when i was in sixth grade. i was too young and was just told she was sick and i never suspected a thing until she died. she still went to all of my brother's and my sports games and still helped us with our homework and all that up to the last month and i beat myself up about it sometimes because i felt like it was somehow my fault.   until my father told me she said once "i'm *going* to keep being their mom, even if it kills me. if i don't make it, i want them to have memories. if i survive then they'll owe me some great mother's day presents."
t3_2ztnml-t1_cpm7y8t-cpmpnfw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	shit. i was diagnosed at 16 (they told me i had uc but recently i was told it's actually chrohn's... ) . i was sick as shit for a while, but i'm lucky to have a mild case. i've only had two flares in ten years, but i think i'm heading into another one now. &gt;_&gt;; i'm terrified that it'll worsten as i get older or i'll get colon cancer or something.  or heaven forbid, the pouch.  i try to just focus on the luckiness.  anyway, i wish you long remissions.  oh, and do you know about the qu chrohn's trial? google it, maybe it could help you. there's always ongoing research in the field.
t3_4x7vw0-t1_d6dkzw1-d6donlk	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	not op and don't personally know anyone who's had it but yeah it's like a tumor down there if it's rectal cancer. colon cancer is usually higher up and you don't necessarily know - that's why colonoscopies have become routine in older patients. the associated symptoms with either can be pain, blood, or problems passing but they might not be too apparent if they catch it early enough. i would imagine most peoples' first thought would be that they just have hemorrhoids but i'm not a medical professional i just play one on google.
t3_13vn7o-t3_13vn7o-c77vkxl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i was in an induced coma in an icu for 6 weeks with a nasty fungal infection in my lungs that took them about 10 days to diagnose.  it absolutely was a torture chamber.  i am glad i am still here and i am thankful for the torture but there was hope.  i was one of the positive reasons for an icu.  i had the tracheotomy, the g-tube for feeding, the catheter and rectal tube.  apparently some nurses spent an afternoon bagging me by hand to try to keep my oxygen levels high enough while i was logging a temp somewhere north of 105.  after i regained consciousness it was about 10 more days on the ventilator before they were able to clear my lungs of 2 or 3 liters of brown goo per day from my lungs and i could be weaned off of it.  the nurses and doctors were heroic and kind and are a special breed on their own.  being in a coma is not like hollywood and tv.  when you come out of it even after just 6 weeks your muscles are toast.  i had to re-learn how to walk, how to swallow, how to move my tounge properly to speak.  it was 3 months of the hardest work i have ever done in my life.  it was over a year after that before i could say that i felt "nearly human".  but if i have an impossible prognosis like cancer or a stroke in the future i have no interest in prolonging my life in a situation like that.  make these decisions now.  get your affairs in order.  articulate your wishes in a legal and binding document and give copies to trusted family or friends who agree with you.    my dad who is 70 gave me all his documents about 10 years ago after watching my stepmom battle cancer and was able to fight for some good years but knew at the end how she wanted to go.  she was at peace with it and was able to go quietly without all the drama and trauma she knew that some in her family would have fought for.  his mom died of alzheimer's after being a zombie for 20 years and he is terrified that he may end up like that.  i'm pretty sure if he ends up with news like that i will be getting a phone call from the local authorities that he died in a small plane crash in a field somewhere.  i am completely at peace with that.
t3_22cipr-t3_22cipr-cglms8r	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am so, so, so sorry. my nstepmother would force me to grieve when it came to deaths. well, not really grieve. after i lost my best friend to leukemia and my stepdad to colon cancer she made me watch a walk to remember, the bucket list, and then whenever we weren't getting along, she'd make me sit and watch stepmom with her. it just pissed me off because she was in the picture after i lost those people and she felt that me occasionally crying about it 2 years after (i was 11 when i lost them)  was too much. i'm so sorry that she didn't even make it seem like it was an important issue. is there any way you can contact her spouse (he's your blood cousin right?) and give condolences that way?
t3_1v3rpj-t1_ceoxgui-cep0ajq	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	oh man.  but early stages is good.  my aunt is undergoing treatment for colon cancer that they didn't catch until stage iv.  she had some majorly harsh stuff she had to go through, like a 14 hour surgery where they put some stuff that burned off the cancerous parts for several hours while she was open.  hopefully since this is early stages, it won't be quite so bad.
t3_1mryjx-t3_1mryjx-ccchq7c	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7721	seeing my grandpa in the hospital. he was like a father to me. we were really close. he was the most straight forward, patient, kind, loving man i have ever known. he was diagnosed with colon cancer and by the time he was able to get on some new insurance, it had spread too far. at this point of everything, he had gotten up and fallen and broken his hip. my grandpa wasn't a frail man. he was a big, barrel chested, suspender wearing man. so i knew, i just knew it had spread to his bones. he was really bad before the surgery, pulled out of it and then died a week later. he was in incredible pain. i miss him every single day. its been 12 years.   the sinking feeling was the moment i laid eyes on him in his hospital bed.
t3_tkgjx-t1_c4nfl9h-c4nfzgc	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6736	it's been 7 years since my dad passed away. he had colon cancer that spread to his liver, stomach, etc. he died on hospice care in my home. it's been 7 years and though they say that time heals all wounds, that surreal feeling has never really gone away for me. it's not something that i feel all the time, but when i think about it, it comes back. i don't even know where i was going with this post. i'm crying to hard to make a point now.
t3_1rquse-t3_1rquse-cdq1n6u	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7922	congrats!  my grandmother went through chemo last year from colon cancer.  seeing someone go through chemo is something else.  it was like she wasn't there but she was.  she was so weak and depressed, it really hurt all of us seeing her like that.  she's doing awesome now.  she went through everything like a champ and quickly bounced back once the chemo stopped.  it's really something else.  my family and i had her down for thanksgiving last night, just me, my brother, her, and my parents.  it was a pretty low key thanksgiving but having her there made it really special.  the whole treatment was hell on us and her, but now it feels like a distant memory.  i know there's always a chance it could return, but right now i'm just really thankful for this extra time we have with her.  i should also mention that my dog also was diagnosed with cancer last year around thanksgiving.  my parents put him through treatment and he's here with us too.  we had not one but two cancer survivors with us for thanksgiving.  both are back to there normal selves and are doing better than ever.  it's absolutely amazing.
t3_424lxd-t3_424lxd-cz89lom	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i have metastatic colon cancer and i don't know how long i have to live.  that isn't what terrifies me.  because of the chemo or anemia (internal bleeding) or undiagnosed mental illness or something, sometimes i go to sleep on a monday and wake up on a friday.  i was actually up and around and interacting with my family all week.  i just can't remember any of it.  what terrifies me is not that i may only have six months to live, but that i may wake up tomorrow and find that i'm six months into the future.
t3_4ju1qm-t1_d39xa9n-d3a8kpv	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6648	this is me recently.  i had symptoms that could have been anything from colon cancer to ulcerative colitis.  i was broke as a joke but i *had* to know whether or not i was dying or what the deal was.  won't go into details but what i wound up having was pretty benign and ultimately, i could have completely done without the endoscopy and thousands of dollars in bills.  and god damn, if i don't regret it every single time i have to pay another monthly fee.  people like to say "well at least you have a piece of mind!", and ok sure i guess, but i would have rather just had all this money back.  my symptoms wound up going away completely, if i just hung in there, i wouldn't be in this meaningless debt.
t3_2uo2e2-t1_coaeupr-coafxl6	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.666	it took 2 years of riding club rides here before i started to get any sort of acknowledgement as a human. once i somehow made it into the inner circle, i did a metric ride on my fg and stuck with the "a" group for the first 30 miles- even doing my share of pulls. i won lots of respect for that, but i also was informed how irresponsible it was- and i had a front brake. i don't care, i am doing that ride fixed again this year. i do it fixed because it is a ride to raise awareness for colon cancer and i have a very close family member that lost his 3 year battle to colon cancer this past december at the age of 29. i know it is childish, but i ride it fixed for the same reason i did last year- i want him "fixed" and i want to express my level of appreciation through the pain of riding with roadies 52/19.
t3_1uijxm-t3_1uijxm-ceip391	colon_cancer	relevant	0.759	no signs with either of my cancers.  my oldest brother died of colon cancer at age 57, so i had an early colonoscopy at age 47.  there was a fatty looking lump through the wall of my colon, up near the appendix.  doc nearly did not biopsy it, glad he did.  colon carcinoid, somewhat rare.  usually they hide in the appendix and kill you before you even know you have cancer.  i was lucky.  i may have had symptoms such as mild twinges and short sharp pains, but i have that with my ovaries, so i ignored it.  no chemo, no radiation.  my family was freaked out, yet happy that i had something which could be treated, as my brother had ignored his health and checkups and died just a week after diagnosis.  about the same time, i had a routine mammogram.  there was a shadow, so i had to repeat the process six months later.  yep, there it was, biopsy said malignant.  i was freaked out, hubby was stoic.  it was tiny, low and in the back of the breast.  i never would have found it on my own.  stage one, so simple surgery and some quick radiation and i was done.    since then i have lost another brother to multiple myeloma, which was found through blood work after he had a gastric bypass.  spent all that money to preserve his health and he had a fucking incurable cancer.  my sil on hubby;s side of the family died from ovarian cancer.  no symptoms until her abdomen became swollen and inflamed, by then it was too late to save her, just eight months of surgery and chemo.  devastating, she had a young daughter.    i am sick and tired of fucking cancer. my widowed sils are not doing well financially, they were not independent, one had no insurance, the other blew through it.  i can't support them, or take them in, nor can their adult children.  makes me feel ill to think of them as homeless.
t3_1wo3dt-t3_1wo3dt-cf46f7j	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i'm lexi, 23, annapolis md.  i also fostered puppies (house is too full now unfortunately), love watching hockey, video games, and other normal things.  my dad,48, has terminal lung cancer (smoked 30 years) with mets to brain and spine and other shitty places. he was just given weeks-months left. it has been a long 22 month struggle and i understand now why people refer to cancer as a battle. it does not feel right to be facing his death at our ages.  my mom has stage 3 colorectal cancer but actually has a pretty good prognosis. surgery removed the tumor and 25 lymph nodes and 1 came back positive so automatic stage 3. she is doing chemo and radiation and we expect *fingers crossed* everything to be fine.
t3_zlnpf-t3_zlnpf-c65ntaq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	cáncer, sida  cura asegurada 100% con los tratamientos de vivirsano.net en todos los casos, usando plantas y productos naturales certificados científicamente que curan el cáncer y el sida  te personalizamos el tratamiento para ti    si ya padece cáncer, sida u otra enfermedad... esto es de su interés  les mostraremos los engaños de la cura del cáncer y la quimioterapia    aquí los 3 informes científicos mas importantes que te harán ver el engaño de la sociedad médica    1º - quedarás alucinado cuando leas los informes científicos y artículos de periódicos, y un reportaje al premio nobel de medicina richard j. roberts del porqué algunos males, como el cáncer y el sida no tienen cura con la medicina tradicional ni farmacológica, solamente es paliativa.   les transcribo parte del reportaje     he observado cómo investigadores dependientes de fondos privados hubieran podido sacar medicamentos que hubieran acabado por completo con una enfermedad y no ha sido así. una farmacéutica realmente no quiere curarle a usted, sino convertirlo en un paciente crónico que en un momento dado encuentre una mejoría, pero que al dejar de tomar los medicamentos, la enfermedad vuelva a usted, de esta forma, al igual que la industria tabacalera, usted se hace dependiente del medicamento y ellos aumentan su rentabilidad presente y futura, y esos medicamentos cronificadores son los que hacen que las acciones de una compañía se dispare. si el medicamento le curara del todo, jamás invertirían en él....... continúa       2º - según la publicación de otro periódico de hace unos años, en general la medicina, la farmacología y muchas multinacionales, con el mal del cáncer y el sida.  "ganan cada año 228 mil millones de euros" ¿quién va a permitir que este negocio desaparezca del planeta? el informe completo lo podrás leer en los libros curativos, y cuando lo leas quedaras indignado, y creerás en los tratamientos de vivirsano.net  les transcribo parte del informe del periódico      un oncólogo realiza un estudio de carácter científico con más de 300 enfermos de cáncer y sida y relata esto: todos los enfermos terminales... ¡habían sido curados! ya no había cáncer en ninguno de ellos! y, recordemos, eran personas " sin expectativa de vida”, personas ya condenadas por la ciencia.  ¿se dan cuenta? el oncólogo, entusiasmado con estos resultados, presentó los datos de este experimento hace mas de 30 años a la sociedad médica, con el objetivo de que todos los médicos del mundo conocieran este experimento con extractos de plantas, y se pudieran realizar investigaciones detalladas a lo largo de todo el planeta, lo que sin duda, en pocos meses, tendría una cura definitiva y prácticamente gratis para el cáncer y el sida. sin embargo, ante su sorpresa, el dr. recibió la visita de los directores de dicha organización, los cuales le dijeron que su experimento " no era científico" y que no iban a publicar " una tontería así" y hasta le prohibieron que publicase dichos experimentos por su cuenta, a riesgo de perder su licencia médica........... continúa    3º - noticias científicas de último momento     ultimo descubrimiento científico    un estudio ha demostrado que:    la quimioterapia no cura el cáncer, lo empeora   informe del dr. peter nelson de la división de biología humana | agosto 06, 2012   les transcribo parte del informe científico  un equipo de investigadores que buscaban el por qué las células cancerosas son tan resistentes, tropezó accidentalmente con un descubrimiento mucho más importante. mientras llevaban a cabo su investigación, el equipo descubrió que la quimioterapia daña las células realmente muy saludables y posteriormente, hace que éstas liberen una proteína que sostiene y alimenta el crecimiento tumoral, incluso, hace que el tumor sea más resistente a cualquier tratamiento futuro. reportando de sus hallazgos en la revista nature medicine, los científicos informan que los resultados eran “completamente inesperados”. encontrando evidencias de daños significativos en el adn al analizar los efectos de la quimioterapia en los tejidos derivados de los hombres con cáncer de próstata, los escritos son una bofetada en la cara a las principales organizaciones médicas que han estado empujando la quimioterapia como la única opción para los pacientes de cáncer durante años. la noticia llega después de que fue descartado con anterioridad de manera similar debido a una investigación que afirmaba que las medicinas caras del cáncer no sólo eran inútiles para tratar los tumores; sino que en realidad lo hacen mucho peor........ es un hecho que alrededor del 90% de los pacientes con tumores, como el de seno, próstata, pulmón, y colon por ejemplo, desarrollan resistencia a la quimioterapia. mientras tanto, otros métodos alternativos naturales son subestimados, debido a su bajo costo, han sido encontrados muy útiles para reducir tumores........ si todos estuvieran usando los productos naturales que batallan el cáncer, las compañías farmacéuticas saldrían perdiendo......... continúa  fuente: bbc news, fred hutchingson cáncer research center  cuando leas estos informes que contienen los libros virtuales, te confirmará el porqué, el cáncer y el sida no desaparecen definitivamente del planeta  puedes ver los 3 informes completos en los libros virtuales informativos gratis, o en los libros virtuales curativos   para no correr estos riesgos y poder curarte, sin sufrimientos ni fármacos, ni quimioterapia, pide el libro informativo gratis, lee lo que contiene y te convencerás que lo mejor para tu cáncer será comprar el tratamiento del libro virtual curativo adaptado a tu caso en particular, ganaras toda una vida sana y sin enfermedades. no pierdan la oportunidad de ayudar a miles de personas que con nuestra ayuda las pueden salvar, el conocer este libro y ocultarlo o no difundirlo es una falta de humanidad y un pecado imperdonable. divulguen esta información en todos las redes sociales y a todos los que puedan, amigos, amigos de tus amigos, familiares, conocidos y a todas las personas que puedan,   recuerden que el cáncer se sufre en silencio y en familia, por eso quien menos te imaginas puede estar necesitando esta ayuda, muchos se lo agradecerán, gracias en nombre de todos los que sufren. vivirsano.net
t3_3h2uzz-t1_cu3yzew-cu41fot	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	same thing happened to my dad. he had a persistent sinus infection and some leaking in the back of his throat. he went to get checked out and it turned out,i be stage 4 colon cancer that metastasized to his lungs, bones, and pancreas.  worst part was he had a colonoscopy not 4 months before the diagnosis. the cancer was on the outside of his colon so they didn't catch it.  he died 6 months later, which was a blessing because they originally gave him 3 weeks.  cancer fucking sucks.
t3_20f7q4-t1_cg2s9oe-cg2sylc	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6051	my uncle just got proton therapy for his prostate cancer in houston, tx.  i guess the success rate is 100% (thats what he told me, it may have been 100% at that facility or i may have heard him wrong) but its not the route insurance companies want to pay.  i believe he used medicare.  oh, most importantly, it had no side effects.  my dad had chemo for colon cancer and that did obviously have sides.
t3_2kstos-t3_2kstos-cloky69	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mom has colon cancer. she was diagnosed the weekend after mother's day of this year. she has suffered so much and she is scared of having treatment or surgery because she thinks it will kill her faster. i have to watch her wilt away to nothing and when she calls me all she can do is cry in pain. she had to have a colostomy bag put in two months ago because the tumor was so big it was making it impossible for her to use the bathroom. she also had to have stints put in both of her kidneys at the same time. i feel terrible because she didn't want to have the surgery, i talked her into it. she didn't get a small stoma like you usually think of with colostomy bags. she got what is called an elephant's trunk, it's a 5 inch protrusion outside of her stomach. she told me after she wished she was dead because she doesn't want to live with that. i don't blame her.   so it's my fault she's still alive. i just didn't want to see her in pain anymore but it didn't really help. so now she suffers and i know she wants to die but she would never kill herself. she lays in bed all day and that is her life. i wish every day she would die and that is a terrible thing for someone to wish. i want her pain to be over. she has no options.   people should be allowed to die when they choose. it is not up to anyone else to decide.
t3_25mgqw-t3_25mgqw-chiwrps	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.668	firstly, big hugs! i know just how worried you must be feeling. secondly, yes she does need to get this checked out. it might be absolutely nothing to worry about, and even if it does turn out to be something unpleasant than the earlier they catch it the better! it's amazing what they can do these days. my mother was the same, had blood everytime she went to the loo for about 6 months. refused to see the doctor and kept making excuses saying she was too busy etc etc. after a while she saw sense and went, after numerous tests it turned out she had rectal cancer that had spread to her bowel. big shock for her and my family. they all have the tendency to see the negative side of everything, ended up with loads of crying, moping and "i'm gonna dies". in front of my little sister too, who was 13 at the time. i was not standing for it. i was 16 when she went into hospital for treatment, my dad had to work almost constantly and my nan who was 82 came to live with us.  it was safe to say that spirits weren't all that great at this time, my sister who is quite immature and niave didn't really understand the whole situation, dad was stressing and nan was constantly crying and making herself ill. i was fed up and stepped up, taking care of the house, making school lunches, dinners, helping with homework, trekking to the next city to visit my mom, all the whilst starting my a levels.  in all honestly, it was the treatment that made my mom ill rather than the cancer itself. it was completely curable of they could get rid of it in one go. so after months of radiotherapy and chemo she had an op to remove part of her bowel . i was worried of course, but i had my family to support. but this resulted in numerous arguments mainly aimed at me; i was called selfish a lot of the time because i didn't cry for my mom.  unlike my family i have a very different outlook when things go tits up. they didn't get my positive outlook at all on this. i get on with them great, but around this time they were upset and stressed which unfortunately turned them into arseholes. my nan was the worst, and made herself so sick with worry and negativity she ended up in hospital having a pacemaker fitted... so that was fun.  i felt awful, started blaming myself for not doing enough until my best friend told me to man the hell up and stop with the self hate thing.  eventually mom came out of hospital but was still quite sick. she ha a colostomy  bag that luckily was only temporary but was still having treatment. dad was still working so hard so i had to sort mom when the bag burst or needed changing etc. mom still had a negative outlook though and made my sister upset, the doctor said that if the cancer came back there would be nothing more they could do. mom was crying to my sister about how she was going to die and the poor girl slept in my bed that night because she couldn't sleep. ended up having a huge row with mom te next day. i felt bad, i can understand that she needs someone to talk to and it scary but telling my sister she was gonna die?! when so far her recovery had been amazing?? hell no.  i think my family took the whole thing in their stride after that. mom recovered and everything was great . nan came out of hospital and sets all the alarms off at tesco when she walks through the barriers. amazing. six years now and no sign of cancer! yay!   phew i went on a bit of a rant there. looks like i had a few things to get off my chest too.  but seriously op, cancer is one of those things that can effect the entire family of the person that has it. don't feel bad about worrying, your wife defiantly needs to see a doctor. one of the reasons why my mom was all good was because they caught it early. it's amazing what they can do with treatment. that being said it may be nothing to worry about it at all! talk to her, be persistent. sometimes people need a wake up call to realise what they are doing to themselves and others. no matter what stay positive! someone may thank you for it in the end! :)
t3_41vcry-t1_cz5ljcr-cz5n83h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8084	oh... my... fucking... shit. this is too good to be true. if they seriously yanked that tumor out of his colon right as it started to spread at the last possible moment... this is amazing.   can we just go ahead and agree that this is now the unquestionable reality and that tb reigns victorious? i swear if tb went to the doctor at the last possible moment like that i will go slap that lucky bastard.   also, i have something for you just in case you want a refresher: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hepatic_portal_vein   but then again if you had doubts you probably already checked it yourself.
t3_4zj0ni-t3_4zj0ni-d6wrkze	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7516	this disease never rests or leaves you alone. i think about it almost every minute of the day. i dream of just having one day of no insulin no finger pricks not worrying about what and when to eat, am i high, am i low. you sleep and it jacks with you. there are much more serious diseases out there i know. i don't want sympathy i just wish people understood what diabetes really is. i know before i was diagnosed i couldn't figure out why people who were "allergic" to sugar would eat sugar to get fixed when they acted weird. i don't think people understand insulin and low blood sugar. i have had medical people ask me "what's your blood sugar in the morning". do you mean this morning yesterday or last week? fuck it was 84 this morning and 215 yesterday morning.  an medical person should ask what my a1c is if they expect anything less than smart ass reply. even trained medical people don't understand the disease. one of my coworkers had part of his colon removed and made a full recovery. he carries his burden around like a cross and makes sure he introduces himself and then tells you he had cancer and you should feel sorry for him. fuck you! i will trade you any day. sorry, i am done now.
t3_26l9zm-t1_chsh6zz-chshcqr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	no, colon cancer. it's generally more survivable than prostate cancer but it can also be deadly so tb is lucky that he was at least somewhat proactive in getting himself examined.
t3_1xf4lm-t3_1xf4lm-cfazb10	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5985	doing things i really don't like or i know are not ok. i feel anxious in my job because i think i am not doing fine or can need to do more but sometimes when i am working i send messages to facebook or watch things on youtube or reddit and i know that is wrong to do there and need to work again and start making stories in my mind like my coworkers doesn't like me or my boss is looking for an excuse to fire me. i am single and not even have sex for 4 years and i feel very anxious when a girls talk to me and tell me to go out because i don't know what to do. as well my dad is passing his last moments because of a terminal phase of colon cancer and when i am alone with him i don't know what to feel or how to help or if he needs to stand up or move or go to pee he need help and i feel very anxious because i don't feel capable of help and i don't like to see.
t3_1dqamr-t1_c9swgp0-c9t0z70	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	as i was diagnosed with and then overcame rectal cancer a few months after starting low carb, i tell myself something similar. "do i want to go through chemo and radiation again? **no!**"
t3_1pr12y-t3_1pr12y-cd56j3p	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	fuck this site! i don't think i've ever been this angry on reddit before and i'm going to make a point of telling them about it.   my father was diagnosed with colon cancer in 1987, he had very few  x-rays before undergoing surgery after which he was told nothing could be done. you're telling me that one x-ray caused him to whither from 215lbs to 125lbs over the course of a year? i carried him from the car into our house the last time he came home. he did not undergo any other radiological or chemical treatments between his diagnosis and his death. i've had far more x-rays now that i'm in my 40's then my father ever had while he was sick. shouldn't i be dead soon?  fuck them.
t3_44c43j-t3_44c43j-czp4lda	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8093	my 24th birthday, hands down. although it *ended* the best, it was terrible.      my mom was diagnosed with cancer a week before my birthday, had colon surgery 3 days before my birthday, and was in the hospital with some pretty serious complications on my birthday. so i spent the day at the hospital with her, panicking about how i was going to pay bills and take care of her if things remained critical.
t3_396rlg-t3_396rlg-cs17sv2	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;some may see no problem, but frankly it's pretty fucked up she's more worried about a very treatable illness being passed down more than fucking cancer!  cancer is extremely treatable, particularly colon cancer that is easily screened for, insanely well understood and has a 95% survival rate if caught early. just saying, what they did was shitty but people get too worked up about cancer, particularly when you know you're at risk and can get checked out.
t3_1ka2l4-t3_1ka2l4-cbmzf9z	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6697	last year, aug 7th, i texted my so while she was on vacation at disney world with her family (parents, brother, sisters, nieces and nephews) soon before she went to sleep.    i stayed home since my father was just diagnosed with stage 4 colon / liver cancer a few months before and just finished surgery etc.  we had been having a bit of a rough time, and i was stressed out about a lot of things.  she was really tired, but she texted me that she thought i was the best man in the world and how much she loved me and so on.     i had earlier texted some things i really regretted, and i really wanted to call her and tell her i was sorry, and that she meant the world to me, but i knew she was exhausted that night so i let her sleep.   the next day i get a phone call at 3pm that she was dead.  died at 36 of a massive heart attack.   a week before they were rear ended, no one was hurt, but apparently the collision broke some clots in her legs free which built up in her heart over that time.   everything else in my life feels minor next to not making that call :(
t3_wwno4-t1_c5h33yu-c5h5cho	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6739	when my mother passed it was 10- almost 11 at night i was sleeping. i heard a scream from my sister saying that the worst things always happen to her but wouldn't post to facebook. i was just told hours before she was losing her battle to colon cancer and didn't have very long. i was shocked even if i knew i was comming, i sat down inbetween my uncle and grandpa and cried untill i fell asleep, i had a terrible case of the shakes for the next couple days but i wasnt crying every waking hour and everytime i talked or heard about her in 2 weeks, it took my little sister about 2 months  but she's 8 so i would see a slower recovery  edit here's a pic of her- http://i.imgur.com/dmhwv.jpg
t3_16hynw-t3_16hynw-c7wio2c	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	i was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer in june and i was 32 at the time, just turned 33. sounds like you and i have the same things happening to us.   my liver is pretty much covered with tumors, luckily it didn't travel anywhere else in my body. my surgeon said i am lucky to be eligible to have surgery because none of the tumors are near the left or right valves in the liver. i had to go through chemo first to make sure the tumors would shrink more to allow for more healthy liver to be available allowing for better regrowth. i went through 10 rounds of chemo before they took me off because i responded extremely well.   i was off chemo for 2 months before i went in for surgery on december 20th. what they ended up doing was remove the right side of my liver and the cancer from my colon. it was a 7 hour surgery and i am currently sitting at home still in recovery. after a few days in the hospital, they went back in with a needle to shut off the left valve in my liver with a glue of some sort. the idea behind this was to allow fast and healthier regrowth to the healthy part of my liver.  next steps for me is to heal and see what the doctors say. i believe its more chemo then surgery again to remove the other side of my liver that has tumors on it. so long as everything grows back healthy with no tumors, fingers crossed.  just know you're not alone. this sucks but can be beaten.  just a few more things:  i'm told all the time that i'm too young to have this and don't belong in the hospital. do you get the same thing?  also i was told it takes 10 years for colon cancer to reach stage 4. all i could think of was how it went so long without any signs or indications of any problems. if i didn't start getting pains in my right side where the liver is, it would've gone unnoticed until i eventually die. scary shit. i'm so glad i had those pains in my side so i at least have a fighting chance.  take care man, and if you have any questions, just let me know.
t3_2jp211-t1_cldwf6x-cldwkke	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8346	i knew that but i thought that the risk of colon cancer was low to the point that they typically didn't.   for the record i was wrong, and while women can wait longer then men to get them, it is still recommended to get them.
t3_1qnljq-t1_cdfm236-cdfmlei	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8476	i'm confused as to why you replied to me twice... i must be missing something. whatever the case, i said before that i, personally, don't judge you because i don't know you.   as for the man i spoke of... i was never shown the note he left, and his wife and daughter were vague with everyone about what it said. it never made sense to me, even as i got older and began battling my own demons, when i would really think about him.. it never made sense. he always seemed so solid, he always had a grin on his face. whether it be a grin from happiness or mischievousness because he thought of a new way to mess with us (scare us/make us laugh/etc).   i was told by his daughter he "thought" he had colon cancer and didn't want to go through treatments etc, which made no sense to me as he was a natural fighter.   i think that's one of the underlying reasons why i stopped being friends with her is because i felt like she was keeping something from me about it. that and before he died, he called her into the bedroom and told her he loved her and proceeded to tell her where important papers were and who got what. then she left him, alone in the bedroom with a gun knowing full well what he was planning. who does that?   before it's asked (because i've been asked before), there wasn't foul play. he did this with his wife, his daughter, her husband, and another of our friends in the next room.   yes, i may think that ultimately think it's an extremely selfish act - but i don't automatically think anyone who does it is a bad person.   this debate is actually getting tiring. it's the kind of debate that is based on personal beliefs and honestly, how i feel about personal beliefs is that while i may not agree with yours, it's wrong for me to try to change it.   i will end it by saying this, and i hope you (and anyone reading this) will take it with the utmost sincerity - i hope things get easier for you and your struggles. it's a bitch dealing with it every day, i know. and if they don't, and you do decide to end it, i hope (and yes, pray) you finally find some peace and that your loved ones find strength.   and now i must go back to sleep because i'm sounding like a hippie. lol.
t3_4uws84-t1_d5thbk0-d5thof4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6027	i'm sorry. when i was a kid, i knew there was something wrong with my dad. i begged him to go get seen, but i had no idea what was wrong. how would he know what doctor to start with? he died when i was 23 of stage 4 colon cancer that had been tracked back to have started when i was about 10. i still blame myself. my mom is 54 and she's too paranoid and afraid she'll die next week of...everything. it's a terrible thing to face, no doubt.
t3_ao5rr-t3_ao5rr-c0il69f	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	lost my father to colon cancer 3 years ago, it was the most horrible experience.  diagnoses to death in just under 2 months (no chemo or anything).  he went from being a strong capable man to a bag of bones unable to do anything. the last words i heard my father speak was "i just want to die" as he writhed in pain. this still haunts me. after that, he was knocked out on morphine until finally passing away.  i don't really have any advice, except to ensure you have good hospice support that are skilled in pain management.
t3_4vkegz-t1_d5zc2o4-d5zcfnz	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6769	;_; we had to let him be put down because he had severe colon cancer and nothing could be done to help him.  we will be taking him to be cremated today so there's that... he came back to sleep in his favorite spots one last time and to say his goodbyes.   i mean,  it hurts less than  not knowing where he is but it still sucks.  but at least he doesn't have to suffer alone...
t3_gavht-t1_c1m9t6z-c1ma0sn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	this is kind of a long story, but i'll try and keep it brief...    i was working as a computer programmer and started packing on the pounds (lots of free junk food, sitting at a computer all day).  after getting fed up with my weight, i got everything on track.  changed my eating and workout habits and lost 50 lbs.  during that time, i realized that all the weightloss advice out there was essentially wrong and my own research seemed to be much better (conceited, i know).  so i decided i would rather help people than program computers.    i started to go for my masters part-time at nyu for nutrition.  i loved it.  i was happy to be back in school, learning science (after 4 years of business, this was a nice change).  i finally got to a class, 1 1/2 years in, called medical nutrition therapy.  it was basically a class on what to eat to alleviate problems of a given disease.  i loved it.  but i loved the medical part more.  i started noticing that i didn't care about the nutrition aspect.  then, i had a dream one night.  i was a dietitian in a hospital room, standing behind a doctor talking to a patient.  the doctor said "everything went well, you are going to be fine.  this man [me] will tell you what to eat."  i walked up and said take fish oil pills.  i woke up and was like... no.  i went to my adviser the next day and told him i wanted to switch to pre-med.  i want to help people.  i want to be the man that says to someone, everything will be fine (of course, i recognize that i will have to say the opposite sometimes).  when i told my family and friends, they all said that it was about time or that they knew this was gonna happen, etc.  it turns out i was the only one that didn't initially realize i wanted to be a doctor.  finally, and this is probably the best indicator that i am on the right path, it feels right.  it might sound hokey and stuff... but everything just feels right.  there were issues in my life (which i have previously posted, but that's a different story) that resolved themselves when i quit and moved on.  life got infinitely better when i made the decision and executed my plan.  so, i switched from nyu to columbia university's post-bac/pre-med program and began taking the sciences required for med school.  last summer, i quit my job and put my full attention to school and a clinical research internship.  now, i am taking chemistry, physics, and an awesome class called physics of the human body.  i just submitted a research paper on colon cancer (i'm second author :-) ) that i worked on at my internship and everything seems to be gelling right now.  heh, i should do an ama, lol.  i hope this helps.  someone else posted that you're gonna get older no matter what, you might was be called doctor, and i firmly believe that.  age is a number, nothing more.
t3_2i88ec-t3_2i88ec-ckzvrg0	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6648	i know the feeling. i'm only 28 and was diagnosed with stage iii colorectal cancer. aside from some slight rectal bleeding i felt completely fine. i was biking regularly, eating well, and had nothing seriously wrong. it was extremely scary and confusing to hear that i had such a serious and rare condition while feeling basically normal. it's still baffling to me after 7 months.   i think everything your feeling is completely normal. at least i know i felt just about the same as you do, but when i actually saw the tumor after my ct scan it made me realize just how real the diagnosis really was. it helped me cope by having actual proof of the cancer that i was able to see.  i'm sure you'll do fine with your treatment. yours is still rather early and pretty treatable. don't worry about the port. it is nowhere as bad as i thought it was going to be. i've had mine a month now and i barely notice it anymore.   best of luck with your treatment. i hope everything goes extremely well for you.
t3_3hicop-t3_3hicop-cu7y4k1	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	so, i used to get sharp pains in my lower abdomen when i smoked. i got diagnosed with colon cancer not too long ago, had a surgery to get the tumor taken out.   now i don't get those pains anymore. i'd recommend going to get a screening
t3_3vxo21-t3_3vxo21-cxs5d69	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7631	my worst day was when my grandfather died. he was my favorite person in the world. my dad was/is a perfectionist and constantly criticized everything i did for not being perfect, so i never really enjoyed doing anything with him. my grandpa was always cool though. he taught me how to ride a horse at his ranch, throw a football, and we even played super mario on my super nintendo together. he was always happy to see me and i always had a great time with him. he was what i wished my father would be.  i remember the day i found out he was going to die. i remember looking in his eyes and seeing how yellow they were with jaundice as he told us that he had end stage colon cancer and that it had metastasized to his liver. i couldn't comprehend losing my favorite person in the world at 7 years old. i couldn't understand why he was going to be taken from me or why i would never be able to see him again.   i remember the day he died too. up until that point i never really believed he was actually going to die. i thought that if i prayed enough that he would magically get better. when my mom told me that he died, my whole world collapsed. i cried myself to sleep every night for months. every day and night i prayed that i would wake up from my nightmare and that my grandpa would still be alive, but it never happened.  it's been almost 18 years since he died now, and i still can't so much as look at his headstone or think about him without crying.
t3_4usimr-t1_d5t0123-d5t8afu	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7455	my father had colon cancer stage 3c. he survived thanks to some very very aggressive treatment, and since he is a devout christian, lots of prayers.  i'm sorry about your loss, but i would have to disagree with you on the positivity aspect. it helped him. at the start, he was fixed he was gonna die. everyone we knew just kept telling him he would be alright and that became his mentality. he stuck through it and is now fighting through prostate cancer and a really big need for a hip replacement. cancer is beatable you just need the right doctors and the right mentality.
t3_3nyakm-t1_cvsi6df-cvsmm8r	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	not trying to freak you out but i delayed going to the doctor thinking i had ibs .  finally went after my wife forced me to go (broke as hell also) ...well it turned out to be stage 4 colon cancer which could have been caught earlier and i might have avoided multiple surgeries and an colostomy... you should really find a way to get looked at. it could mean the difference between spending some money you don't have and a death sentence.
t3_3m4i9m-t3_3m4i9m-cvced2s	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7626	very similar situation here. i was diagnosed with colon cancer at 28. the most important thing to me was to survive and to be able to have children (almost equally important).  but we learned later on that it had spread to at least one of my ovaries. so they told me i should have them removed both.   it was so hard. honestly, in those weeks before and after, it was all that was on my mind. i could not have kids anymore (except a very, very small chance) and who knows about intercourse and a normal sex life. i was miserable.   it was also the time my boyfriend and i decided that we wanted to get married. for us, it was the right thing to do. but i can't tell you about you. i just wanted to share our quite similar story.  and maybe: get a second opinion. my hospital ind switzerland and also md anderson in texas agreed about the double ovarectomy but not on other things. so i knew, i had to do it (and was proven right: cancer was on both of them). but maybe for her, there is another possibility? i don't know. if there isn't... my doctor once told me "if you don't survive, you can't have children either". it's rough to hear that. but he was right.   all the best to you! i feel for both of you!
t3_1l34jn-t1_cbvhf9a-cbvncxl	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	&gt; u  not sure, it's actually possible that i did, i had what i perceived as a low sex drive/and difficulty at that age which was very frustrating as i took accutane at 17 and i had a serious relationship from 16 to 23.  i never really connected the two but it guess it could be possible.  at about 25 my sex drive seemed to return and is normal now.  i'm not really sure what the cause was since it should be the other way around agewise.   what i did have was serious stomach issues during/since having taken it.  i have ulcerative colitis, chrones, and had colon cancer which i had removed and had chemo for.   granted chrones is generally caused by a genetic disposition but i believe it was brought to the surface / flared up by the accutane.  my stomach has never been the same since taking it.     during taking it i had rage problems as well, i didn't get depressed i just have a very short temper and found myself balling my fists and turning red over the slightest thing, which is very uncharacteristic of me because i am a very relaxed person.     i had some other issues,  overall it just made me feel terrible.  i was willing to do anything at the time to get rid of my acne, but now i wish i hadn't taken it.  fyi i am now 30, and cancer free.  stomach is doing well but i have to take bi monthly shots of humira which is bad stuff too :\    if i don't i run the risk of losing more of my colon though.
t3_1hybk7-t1_cazeoqy-cazg4an	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6612	i concur. i knew someone who had colon cancer, began bleeding rectally and went to the er. they performed emergency surgery to remove all the cancerous intestine and a colostomy. they also did a cat scan or mri. when he woke up they told him it showed he had a spot on his lung as well and he should probably get it biopsied. he said fine let's schedule an appointment. they said no, you have to get insurance first. then the social worker began dodging him when he tried to apply for medicad. they sent him home and he had nothing, no money, food insurance, help nothing. we went to take him food, welfare wouldn't even turn on the food stamps like their supposed to in an emergency. he had to have his daughter contact the free lawyer to help him b/c he couldn't even leave his room he was so weak. it was a mess.  and don't even get me started with what my dad went through with his cancer treatments and he had insurance just it was shitty and they didn't realize it until he needed multiple test and treatments.  tl;dr just don't get sick in america.
t3_1qpb4n-t3_1qpb4n-cdfh72i	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.8053	litrally just came home from the hospital after my surgery this week. please listen to your body.   i am 24 years old and about two weeks ago i went to my doctor bc i was having black poop for a week and had started throwing up the night before i went to the doctor. i had done research on black stool and its a sign of internal bleeding but i didn't even think twice about it. i'm young and and live an active and healthy lifestyle, and i had no other symptoms until i threw up...no pain anywhere.   my doctor sent me to the er upon doing a rectal and confirming it was internal bleeding. the er stuck a camera down my throat to my stomach to find the source figuring it was just an ulcer but they found a tumor the size of two grown man's fists and i was in surgery less than 24 hrs later. this cancer (called a gist) is not hereditary i just had bad luck - especially considering its rare to begin with and is typically diagnosed ages 50-70. so please, please, listen to your body and just bc you're not a likely candidate tor cancer doesn't mean you can't get it. i'm lucky they caught it before it spread and i have a great prognosis! i'm actually also very lucky that it caused internal bleeding bc i wouldn't have gone to the doctor if my stool hadn't been black. i work with little kids so i am used to getting their illnesses and the day before i threw up i had sent three kids home with fevers.  but because my stool was black i knew something else was up and called my doctor. internal bleeding saved my life :)
t3_3fxpcg-t1_ctt7t8n-ctt8fgj	colon_cancer	relevant	0.661	my dad died of colorectal cancer (among other things) 2 years ago, i already went through this scenario, his bills, his care, his living expenses, his medicare, his nurses, his doctors, surgeries, his catheters and colostomy bags, his social security. but you don't have to - you can just look it up. it takes less than 5 min.
t3_3kvm6z-t1_cv15g4r-cv15xby	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7516	no immediate side effects other than doing what it was supposed to do.  there's a very slightly increased of small bowel cancers, but i think all biologics carry that slightly increased risk of different types of cancer iirc, but i'm already at risk because of crohn's and my father had colorectal cancer so the risk didn't bother me. the loading dose sucks, but i hate using the pens for injection to begin at all, nevermind 4 times.  it took me about 10 months to completely stabilize but before that i was unable to get off prednisone even after a week in the hospital being pumped full of antibiotics and steroids and kept having to go to the er for fluids because i was so sick i couldn't go a week without getting dehydrated.  some people get freaked out injecting themselves, but i trust myself more than anyone else, and now i get the syringes because i've given more subcutaneous shots in my career than you can count a stick at, and they hurt less than the pens (imo) because you have more control. if you do end up on it, i try to leave it out for about 20 minutes because when it's cold it burns a lot more.  the medication is caustic, so it'll burn anyway but anything to reduce it. i've joked i wish i could take all my medications via injections because it's just a lot easier for me than remember the million pills i have to take per day for all my various issues.    basically, before i was on humira i was too terrified to leave the house for much else other than work because of how sick i would get and while none of my doctors have said i'm officially in remission or anything, i'm probably about as close and i'm going to get.
t3_1pdpb5-t3_1pdpb5-cd1k6ap	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when i was 19, i was dating got diagnosed with colon polyps, and had them removed. no further problems.   he shaved his head and thinned out his eyebrows, and told me that's how he used to keep his hair when he lived in ny. i started finding out he was telling everyone else he had colon cancer, and was doing chemo and radiation. i never had the guts to call him on it because he lied about everything. ya know, the kind of liar that spews so much crap that he believes it himself?  fast forward a couple of years after our break-up. i run into him while out, ask him how he's doing, etc. he proceeds to tell me how well he's doing, and that he's been in remission for a year now. i didn't have the heart to remind him i was there for the whole thing, and knew he never had cancer in the first place.  to this day, tons of people think he's a cancer survivor.
t3_2rumxe-t1_cnjeoty-cnjiqym	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we just lost a family member to colon cancer after 3 years of fighting it. that was pretty hard.   however, while that grief is still fresh, my mother was just diagnosed with cancer. that. that is the saddest feeling ever. i broke down for 2 days uncontrollably. i was at a fancy dinner with my partner and just totally lost it. like a 2 year old looses it.
t3_2on4f4-t3_2on4f4-cmowlkh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.677	grew up the tallest kid in class and very thin. i was picked on and didn't have many friends.  my father was a vietnam marine with ptsd who drank too much and liked to deal out some gold old-fashioned punishment with a studded belt. he was diagnosed with colon cancer when i was 11. he died 6 - 7 months later.  i wouldn't say it ruined my childhood. it certainly helped mold who i am today, but you can say that about anyone.
t3_3ovfxg-t3_3ovfxg-cw1194h	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6077	it just seams like all cancer is terminal lately.  unless you randomly catch it, you're pretty much fucked.  in my case tb saved my life.  he came out with a video saying he had colon cancer.  i was noticing the same signs he had and i demanded to be checked.  2 weeks later they found 2 very large polyps.  if i had waited this would've no doubt been my fate.  i owe him my life really.
t3_3zhqhf-t3_3zhqhf-cyolgv8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so, i thought the same thing. i had ibs since i was 15 as well... pretty painful. it has only gotten worse as i age. i suffer mostly in the morning, but that does not limit the attacks. i have it all in the lower intestine area, below the belly button. the cramps always result in sitting on the toilet for an hour or more, sometimes multiple trips with thinner pasty stools. the pain can be so bad sometimes that i have to practice breathing, as you would when you have a child.  well, i have already had every single test. i even got the laparoscopy to check for endo. my doctor even went in with the robot to make sure he didn't see it behind my bowels or anything. he said i had no sign of it. the recovery for the lap procedure wasn't terrible (probably bc they didn't have to scrape anything), but i was in a bit of pain and discomfort, spent a week in the hospital, and couldn't shit for at least 2 weeks- imagine having those bad intestinal cramps and not being able to evacuate your bowels? i literally saw stars. i would have stool in my colon but could not push it out, no matter how hard i tried (which is normal for any abdominal surgery). it was nice to have the clearance and know i didn't have that. i had all the symptoms too: heavy periods, painful sex, bloating, worse ibs symptoms during or before a period... but still... nothing.   also, i have 3 scars now in my pelvic area and the recovery time was tough when it came to strength. walking long distances could not happen-i would get winded quickly and feel faint. it's normal, but you need to walk as much as possible to recover faster. is it worth it to get the surgery to check? absolutely. i do not regret it. but prepare yourself to be out of work for 2 weeks and you will not be able to be too active for awhile.   ibs is so painful you literally cannot comprehend not having cancer or something serious. i can be in pain all day from an attack. i can get back pain... pain like period cramps... just sucks. i just want you to know that-i am 100% healthy inside-not a damn thing... yet i suffer terribly. and i am a teacher, so just imagine not being able to leave your classroom and if you do, everyone knows why.   there is one last test-just came out three months ago. its a breath tests that checks for an overgrowth of bad bacteria in the gut. you should look into it. i have mine set up for next month!
t3_130ap8-t3_130ap8-c6zpmgh	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i am concerned that i am suddenly very anemic. don't know what's causing it yet but i am waiting for some test results. scared about colon cancer as both my dad and cousin have had polyps.   i am still in my 20's but my health has been continuously declining, despite being a healthy weight, eating pretty well and exercising frequently. this is yet another thing i have to deal with and i feel that my mortality is staring my in the face.
t3_1h6exg-t3_1h6exg-carjt64	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8013	he has a bald head and a hat to hide it, no hair on his legs, no eyebrows... mark is achy and exhausted.  he is on his way back from chemo treatment for the stage iv colon cancer that he knows will eventually kill him, and probably sooner than later.  nauseous and weak from the treatment, motion sickness in the cramped, shaky, stuffy subway pushes him to the limit.  his spit thins.  his stomach spasms as a cold sweat rushes down his neck and back.  trying as hard as he can, but he can no longer hold in what little breakfast he was able to force down that morning.   it comes rushing out in an uncontrollable torrent, soaking his shirt, his short, ruins the new new shoes his mother gave him for his birthday, which she could barely afford, because it could be the last birthday gift she gives her son.  he knows he has disgusted everyone around him, he is ashamed.  he can hear the whispers, laughter, groans.  some even snap pictures with their camera phones to share his shame with their friends, even strangers.   he knows he will have to walk the crowded streets, covered in his own vomit, reeking, catching the glare of countless strangers.  when he finally gets home to his tiny dark apartment, he shuts the door behind him.  placing his soiled clothes on the floor, he climbs into the shower, presses his face into his hands, and cries for the third time that week.   or maybe he's just some douchebag that can't handle his booze.
t3_2aes3n-t3_2aes3n-ciuo5j9	colon_cancer	relevant	0.5173	i've been there before. my father called me up one day and told me that he had been diagnosed with colon cancer and was expecting to go into surgery a few months later.  he's been cancer-free for almost 10 years now.
t3_1p542a-t3_1p542a-ccz1vsd	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8012	this terrifies me because my dad was recently diagnosed with colorectal cancer. he's starting chemo treatment next week. his physician said to get that done before surgery to remove a tumor. i didn't think it was that bad (i know cancer is bad), but i don't know what it's like. and now i see this and i don't know what to think.
t3_1cktkb-t3_1cktkb-c9hhju0	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my brother had leukemia as a child.  we went to st. jude, which we are fortunate to live near.  they took care of everything.  they charged the insurance to help defray their costs, but we paid nothing.  in addition, while he was undergoing treatment, my dad lost his job.  st. jude paid for his cobra insurance, because it helped their bottom line, but it also covered the rest of us.  my brother is now just shy of 19 years old and has been cancer free for 10 years.  my aunt is currently battling colon cancer.  when they found it, it was stage iv.  they took some steps, which we now realize were just to give her more time.  (i don't think anyone knew how bad it was, though her immediate family may have.)  however, she responded extremely well.  she just underwent a very extensive surgery.  they went in and cut out any cancerous parts, and then put this extremely strong chemo on those parts which essentially cooks it.  after a few hours, they closed her up.  she spent a few days in icu.  she's out now, but will stay in the hospital for 10-14 days.  she will take a few months to recover to where she was.  however, it's looking like she may be able to survive rather than just get a little bit longer.
t3_2h2yor-t3_2h2yor-ckp2xfv	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my brother was constipated for nearly a month and it was starting to get painful. he took stool softeners but barely anything was coming out. despite having no insurance, he finally gave in and saw a doctor, and got a colon cancer diagnosis. they removed a baseball-sized mass from his colon, but within a couple months it was back. he eventually passed away three months after his diagnosis.
t3_4j2dsv-t3_4j2dsv-d333tkq	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	there is a blood screening test available for prostate cancer which is usually given as a follow-up to a digital-rectal exam, but could also be done in place of it.  but it costs more and takes longer to get results.  side note: veterinarians do rectal exams quite often.  sometimes,  as in the case of large animals like horses or cattle, donning gauntlets and going shoulder-deep.
t3_3ikbwr-t1_cuipins-cuix8n8	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had breast cancer, but stage one, no chemo, just brachytherapy radiation.  easy, as such things go.  what made life more interesting is i also had an unrelated rare form of colon cancer at the same time (colon carcinoid).  that was a simple surgical solution, although i have had two hernias with that large incision. no chemo.  so i've had cancer, but stage one made things very much simpler.  i feel guilty, in a way.
t3_2navt7-t3_2navt7-cmbye8u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7542	my dad died of multiple cancers that stemmed from colon cancer two years ago.. it was really awful. watching someone you love so dearly slowly deteriorate and die is in my opinion the worst thing you can ever see. in the end, there were so many mixed emotions because on one hand, i wanted him to die and just get it over with. he'd been half dead for months, was nothing but skin and bones, didn't even really look human anymore and his personality wasn't his. but on the other hand, i wanted him to live.. i wanted him to keep going and pushing and fighting so he could be there for me. both sides of this were so selfish.   because of how he died, it was relief at first. he wasn't in any more pain. there weren't going to be anymore sleepless nights holding his hand in the hospital. i didn't have to lift him up from his wheel chair to his bed, or try and understand whatever he was talking about. at first, it felt good.   then it felt bad. really bad. who will walk me down the aisle? who can i talk to about managing my money and any men that come into my life? how will i know if i'm doing something he would approve of or not? once he died, i realized i would spend the rest of my life without being able to make my father proud. i would never hear him say he loves me, or put me back in line when i needed it. i felt so lonely.  eventually, i started to party my problems away. very shortly after my dad passed, my best friend's dad passed away in a drunk driving accident. so we partied the pain away. every ounce of liquor i could drink, ever cigarette i could smoke, even (and shamefully as i was a recovered addict) every line i could snort.. in some twisted way, i think i thought since he wasn't there to care anymore, i wouldn't have to either. and since he wasn't there to take care of anymore, i could do whatever i wanted. and i did.  it took about a year after he passed for me to settle down and regulate my emotions.. i should have gone to a therapist after he passed away, and i think that is probably one of the bigger mistakes i've ever made. thankfully, i see one now.   now, i can cope with the loss of my dad by trying to be my best. if there's even the slightest chance that his being is around me at any time, i want him to feel a certain kind of joy knowing i'm doing well. if he were to magically show up at my door step, i want to make sure i'd have a life he'd be happy to see.   i'm not sure if this answers your question accurately or not, or if it even helps. either way, thanks for reading.
t3_1a8nsi-t3_1a8nsi-c8vcj3v	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6622	hello, i have experience with both getting and giving the news. my oldest brother had a grade vi gbm, which is the highest grade and relates to astrocytomas. he had almost two full years. when i found out he had brain cancer it took my breath away but knowing was much better than not. i was able to become closer to him than before, i became close friends with his wife, his illness inspired me to go back to school and get a degree in speech therapy. i am also a cancer survivor. last august i was diagnosed with colon cancer @ 31. telling my parents was the worst because they had lost a child already. i did sugar coat some things because of that. i told them all the facts but any of the statistics i withheld. i made it through everything and cancer free. tell them, let them help with whatever they can. stay calm. be positive! it's hard to do but it does help to have a positive attitude while healing. so sorry you have to go through all of this.
t3_1etayb-t3_1etayb-ca3khhd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	listen to me bud, it's awkward, but this is a really big deal to you, and i think if you approach her very seriously and prepared to talk about this, that hopefully she'll be able to realize it took you quite a bit of bravery and determination to talk about something so serious with her.  there are things i wish i was able to talk to my parents about, but i never did because i thought we didn't have that kind of relationship or i thought it was too embarrassing.  but now, years later, some of the things i never addressed have turned out very poorly because of it.  i think you should have a face-to-face talk with her, but if you feel like you won't be able to get this stuff across well enough, my advice is to write a letter.  write a very long, involved letter to her about why this is so hurtful for you and why this is so important for you to get taken care of.  make all of your intentions and thoughts and emotions clear, and don't hold back.  and give it to her.  it'll suck waiting for her to read it and get back to you... but you'll have said everything.  it's rough, man.  i have a lot of weight to lose myself and i'm worried i might have a form of this, too (can't know until i  get much lower in weight than i am, but still).  when it comes to our physical health... especially when that physical health directly affects our emotional health, it is important to get it taken care of no matter how embarrassing it is to talk about.  i had to tell the doctor that i wipe blood off of my asshole sometimes and then let another doctor stick his finger (and a snake camera) up my ass to make sure i don't have colon cancer or anything.  that was awkward as fuck.  but i wanted to ensure my health, so i went through with it.
t3_4fsmod-t1_d2bx2jr-d2c2w12	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7517	kick your own ass until your 40 then get cancer and die. someone close to me just got diagnosed with colon cancer at a young age. it really has left me contemplating so much.  we can literally go at anytime and i for one am no longer going to put all my eggs in one basket by trying to save up all my enjoyment for when i am older and able to do so. i am going to start trying to get as much enjoyment as i can now because really who knows.
t3_32ukyl-t1_cqf4hl8-cqfopcc	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6745	there are certain forms of colon cancer that target younger people. we just lost my sister's boyfriend at 29, he was diagnosed i believe just after his 27th birthday. they unfortunately 'caught' it at stage 4 and it was a really long, really shitty battle that ended his life. there was no documented history in his family and now everyone in his family has had to be screened as it is hereditary.  my sister has crohns (diagnosed at 12), i have habba syndrome (people confuse it for ibs - diagnosed officially at 22). i recommend people start in their mid-to-late 20's rather than waiting until 40 or 50, especially if there is a history or any kind of symptoms.  as someone who is now almost 29 and who has had at least 7 colonoscopies, 3 endoscopies and 3 upper-gi's, these things really are no big deal. don't fear them, just get it done and have peace of mind.
t3_2fektg-t1_ck8prlk-ck8sdjq	colon_cancer	relevant	0.7447	my dad survived stage 4 colon cancer. they say to start getting checked at 50, but if your family has a history of colon cancer please please please get checked before then. my dad was about 48 when he was diagnosed at stage 4, but while doing chemo he saw people in there for it as young as 35. do yourself a favor and catch that shit before it's to late.
t3_187am7-t3_187am7-c8c915u	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6595	well it may mean the tumor is advanced but it doesnt mean its advanced stage colon cancer, stage 4 would be spread to other organs, or advanced stage 3 would be lymph node involvement, but theres no way to know that till the dr's do their thing.  dont freak too much, wait till you have more information
t3_29xjkt-t3_29xjkt-cipge6c	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6795	last year i was told my father had stage 3 lung cancer. he is in remission, but just as we got the news about his cancer being in remission, my aunt was diagnosed with breast cancer and 2 weeks later my uncle was diagnosed with stage 4 colon cancer, liver cancer and osteosarcoma (bone cancer). :( worst news ever, i guess tempered with some good news.
t3_155sxw-t1_c7jjku6-c7jot7m	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i hate it because it sucks out loud. it's about as funny as kitten rectal cancer and aids. it laughs at geeks -not with em.
t3_4u9uic-t3_4u9uic-d5oipk5	colon_cancer	relevant	0.508	thank you for the information. i'm 25, just curious. i understand doctors can't fix everything. i've just been told by my new doctor who is giving my a colonoscopy that colon cancer is apparently very, preventable if caught early. so it just made me wonder why did this happen. but yeah, i don't blame anyone. just curious. thank you.
t3_276xpe-t3_276xpe-chy6mwz	colon_cancer	relevant	0.788	i don't know why i clicked on this, and i am still not 100% happy that i did. at this moment i am sitting on the couch with my wife. she and i got married three years ago, we have been together for 10 years and three and a half years ago she was diagnosed with stage iv colon cancer. this whole time she has worked full time (including three job changes to better situations each time), fought cancer, and been the best wife i could imagine. and now we are sitting at home under hospice care because last week the doctors said her liver can't take any more months before her 30th birthday.  i am completely taken back by this article and the thought this women puts into her daily life. instead of reacting to things her husband does, she thinks about what his previous wife would have said. like a guardian angel popping up, telling her to use her inside voice.  another bit that struck me is remembering her. i am a better man because of my wife. i am a different person. i don't know when or if that will fade away. i have spent a third of my life trying to make this person happy and laugh, and her to me! that is no small feat!  maybe i am glad i read that. its a glimpse at the story someone had, and he is happy. doesn't me that mine will be just like that, but there is a chance. and when it comes to cancer (and life), sometimes all you need to keep going is to know there is a chance.
t3_16gqy4-t1_c7vv2dm-c7vv8bt	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	since i am so young, and have no family history of colon cancer, she said a colonoscopy was unnecessary. she said i could get one if it would give me peace of mind but she said the chances of it being cancer are so low it is not even worth it to consider it as a possibility... she is probably right but with my anxiety, i always thinks it's the worst. if i have a headache for a couple days in a row, instead of thinking i'm just having a off couple of days, i automatically think i have brain cancer...
t3_45mudt-t1_czz59zj-d008o30	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7582	you are describing my mom. she died of brain cancer in my arms.  but she damn sure kicked and screamed and fought for three years as it metasized from her colon through her liver and on up through her brain.  she was a member of a cancer patient group who explained how to save up deadly meds from prescriptions so they could end their life if they chose, and she told me a year or so before her death that she was saving up pills, but at the end, she died not by choice.  still, she kicked and screamed at death until it took her even though she was unconscious, or at least unable to respond to word or touch for the final two days.
t3_tmczx-t3_tmczx-c4nza5s	colon_cancer	relevant	1.0	my mother had been fighting colon &amp; brain cancer for over 2 years. one day her colon busted and started flooding her system. my parents were divorced so as the oldest, the decisions came to me. the doctors said they could operate and possibly have her die on the table, or sedate her and make her as comfortable as possible to pass. she had already home through multiple surgeries so i chose to have her sedated and be in peace until she passed. this decision was made around 10 am and she passed at 9:30 that night. the one good thing is that she was surrounded by her best friends and closest family.
t3_25m3ac-t1_chiigi5-chis3ui	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6765	you and me both.  my aunt died of cancer within a week of her diagnosis. she had no idea she had it, but by the time they caught it it was in her brain and bones. my grandmother's mother died of leukemia when she was 3. my grandmother went into hospice (at 95, beating the odds) in july of 2013. we found a mass on her liver. no treatment--she died within a few days. we weren't going to put her through that. my father had stage 1 colon cancer which he successfully beat going on almost 15 years now. in 2010 my mother was diagnosed with stage 1 lung cancer--she has been cancer free going on almost four years now. my cousin was recently diagnosed with prostate cancer (not a concern for me obviously, but it *is* cancer).   it's slowly creeping up on me. it's just a matter of when.
t3_490q6y-t3_490q6y-d0oloyr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	so i was diagnosed with brain cancer back in 2011 after chemo and radiation i was clear. that is until i start getting this pain in my back that i thought was just a knot in my muscle. turns out it was another tumor. so after surgery to remove it my doctors recommend a bunch of test to see if maybe i have another tumor somewhere else and apparently the type of cancer i have can also be found in the testicles. so after having a male dr feel roll them about in his hand for a little bit, he recommends getting an ultrasound. this involved another guy putting warm jelly on my giblets and pushing them around with the wand for a good 30-40 minutes. easily the most awkward experience of my life and this comes after having a dr put his fingers in my ass to check for rectal cancer (whole different story)
t3_2ljnvi-t1_clvjluj-clvjp0y	colon_cancer	relevant	0.65	nah i am basically a cripple, i am 27 and use a walker, i have brain cancer and just have a good outlook on life, i am thankful for every day i have and the steps i have taken
t3_4jztjm-t1_d3b8n5u-d3bbunl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	yes! if you see my post history i just posted on a cancer anxiety post! i've been convinced i had brain cancer, prostate cancer, colon cancer, liver cancer and now i'm convinced i have liver/gallbladder cancer because i have a dull/achy pain in my upper right abdomen sometimes. even though we get anxiety from over analyzing, i think its still good we recognize our mortality. although a lot of us have a shit time because of anxiety, it definitely helps me enjoy the little things more! if you need to talk, let me know!
t3_2p8u56-t3_2p8u56-cmvauri	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6735	this is literally my first time reading this sub, and i'm glad i did. i can 100% relate to exactly what you're going through. same pain, same weightloss, work stress, etc. add onto that, i'm constantly half convinced i have brain cancer because of migraines and small hallucinations - reading things wrong, seeing things out of the corner of my eye, etc. rationally, i understand that this is all due to a lot of factors - my neck being out of alignment, stress, fatigue from work and 4-6 day per week exercise regimen with newly added running, and the fact my diet fluctuates a great deal. i even had a stomach bug that left my stomach upset and narrowed stool for almost two weeks; i was convinced i had colon cancer. everything's better now, but there's a constant anxiety about my health. it's ruining me, yet i'm in the best shape of my life.
t3_1nx5af-t1_ccmx238-ccmx6j3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i don't care if you have a different pov. i think your strongarm assertions are my issues. you seem very angry over all of this and it is obviously impacting your ability to repersent yourself in a calm manner. i don't feel like arguing with someone in that mindset. if you want to have a debate on the facts i am happy to debate you but that requires a certain decorum.  i have lost family to pancreatic cancer, aids, colon cancer. i have friends and family that have survived breast cancer. i could run the gamut of causes i could decry. i am not going to single out the nfl and breast cancer as a target of my rage.   you want to carry this with a burning torch, that is your hill to climb. not mine.
t3_31c4ff-t1_cq0hivk-cq0k4zr	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6133	i agree with what you say, the system is fucked up.  i'm a woman, i have a great doctor whom i trust implicitly.  i had a lump in my breast area that was suspect, and, thinking nothing of it (since he's my doctor) i came in and took off my top and padded bra to show him.  the poor man turned beet red and said, "you can't do that" had to open the door to call a female nurse in the room for him to do the exam.  and he's a top cancer specialist at a top hospital in a major city.   i was embarrassed for him and for me. &amp;nbsp;  of *course* i trusted him.  he's my fricken doctor!  if i didn't trust him (and i'm 48, i've had cancer, i've been through all kinds of nasty medical procedures) *i wouldn't be his patient in the first place*!  &amp;nbsp;  i felt awful and apologized,  got the lump examined and biopsied (thank god it was benign). but, how awful for male medical professionals! i mean, let's use some common sense here people!  i've refused procedures by female practitioners: a doctor who wanted to dismiss me with an active mrsa infection; a nurse who was taking 45 minutes to get an iv in; i asked for another nurse, etc.  i'm a veteran of the cancer wards: if you're a patient, speak up for your rights, but don't be an ass. &amp;nbsp;  tl;dr: stories like yours make me mad. we need caring medical professionals like you, and wasting personnel time because women are going to cry rape for tv exams (and i've had them done, i know what it entails) is just another added cost on our already overstretched medical system of care.  i ask you, do men get to have a male nurse in the room for testicular exams or rectal exams done by women?  hrumph. &amp;nbsp;  /rant on i also want to add something about a wonderful male nurse i had when i first got cancer at the age of 22.  i'd had a full exploratory surgery done and a liver resection.  i had been in the hospital for a month on iv fluids and i was just being weaned back onto food.  i was on high dosages of morphine.  needless to say, i couldn't poop.  i needed someone who could manually help me out.   &amp;nbsp;  back in those days, there was a nurse who was fabulous. he had been a hell's angel, had been in a horrific bike crash and the docs wanted to amputate his arm, but his biker mama refused to let them.  he built himself up through physical therapy, and decided after all his time in hospital, to become a nurse.  he *knew* what it was like to spend a lot of time in the hospital as a patient.  &amp;nbsp;  let me tell you, that guy was the best nurse i ever had at any hospital!  he always knew when the pain meds were running low, just how to prop the pillows, just how to help me walk with all the tubes sticking out of me, yup, how to lubricate the gloves and get the angle right to get the poop out---he even brought me the grateful dead's *american beauty* on a walkman (yes, it was that long ago) to listen to through the long sleepless nights of pain.  (and you know, that album sounds one hell of a lot more profound when i'm taking morphine...but i digress.) &amp;nbsp;  anyway, to the point: i finally was able to poop on my own, and i remember the night that i rang and he helped me out of bed and over to the commode.  i was a skinny as a starved rat, had tubes sticking out of every orifice imaginable, including some that hadn't been created by god, so to speak, had no hair, my teeth were black, i was shaking, felt like shit, and was constantly referred to by the doctors on grand rounds as "the liver in bed 9." &amp;nbsp;  this great nurse, after getting me comfortably seated, and making sure i wouldn't fall, cracked me a smile and a wink and said, "i'll just pull the curtain 'cause, 'ya know, you're a woman and i'm a man and who knows what might happen." :)  that recognition of me as a human being, a person, a woman, as someone who might possibly survive, made me laugh and brought tears to my eyes.  i knew i was perfectly safe.  he knew he was perfectly safe.  he was being kind, and restoring that humanity to me that all the rest of the hospitalization and procedures had taken away. &amp;nbsp;  i hope to god that that man is still practicing nursing.  he is an angel, and i will never forget that kind gesture, and how much it meant to me as a person.  i hope to god he never runs into a...(i would say 'cunt' but i believe the women described in this article lack the depth, the warmth, and the softness, to even warrant so kind an epithet) *woman* who undercuts him, the way that you describe your fellow professional as being undercut. /rant off
t3_1nzhvo-t3_1nzhvo-ccnmecd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i had breast cancer in 2004, and it was found with a mammogram.  i do support breast self-exams, but in conjunction with mammography.  my tumor was very small, deep inside the breast, lower center, not in one of the quadrants as is usual.  i was lucky, it was a slow grower, found at stage one, so i only needed a lumpectomy, and specialized radiation.  also had colon cancer, but it was unrelated, and treated separately.  unusual to have two cancers at once, but i managed it.  that was also stage one, no chemo.   screening is vital, but also know your family history.  not just who had cancer, but at what age, and if you can find out, what type of breast cancer.  there are so many! while taking care of yourself may not prevent cancer, it certainly can lower the risks, and put in in a better place physically and mentally should you happen to develop cancer. we all know the drill, maintain a healthy body mass, no smoking, easy on the booze, eat a colorful variety of foods, get your vitamins, get up and move.   good luck everyone, this is a scary topic.
t3_49i3n8-t1_d0s4i3a-d0s5bep	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.6741	i never said i was the speech police. i can't control what people do and don't say. i never said i could or that i had the right too. i'm just asking people to empathize and to think about whether or not they really make a joke that might be considered in poor taste. as you said, context matters. who you're talking to and the setting you're in matters. however when you're dealing with the anonymity of the internet, it's assumed and should be assumed that whoever is apart of the audience could be someone with a serious condition who's sensitive about the subject.   i had an uncle sunny who would constantly joke and laugh about his colon cancer up until the end and took everything in stride. he never took it seriously, much like everything else in life. this was completely unlike my grandmother faced breast cancer. she never wanted to discuss it with anyone. she would wear wigs, dress up, and pretend she wasn't sick. she was basically in denial about it and never wanted anyone to see her without her hair and makeup.   what i'm saying is that different people handle situations differently. everyone has emotional responses to the situations they're put in. none of them are right or wrong, they just are. and because the scale can vary from jokes to denial, i think its better to respect the people on the more sensitive side of the scale when discussing the subject.  it's not about being "pc." no one's trying to control what you do and don't say. it's about being polite and respectful to people who may be more sensitive about the condition they're in.
t3_xmlfn-t3_xmlfn-c5nw4g0	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	when she fell for my brother (who liked her but she said that she only saw him as a friend) and once my brother lost interest, she decided that in order for him to notice her was to stop being friends with me.  if was the most painful experience i've ever gone through because we knew each other since i was 7. i was with her as her mom got pregnant and got sick with breast cancer, then colon cancer and faced the fear that she would die.   then one day i'm not enough for her as a friend. she would talk to everyone else and pretty much ignore me, stopped making plans with me. we would be in the same room together and instead of sitting with me, she would sit elsewhere and would be taking pictures and laughing and acting as if i was nonexistent. my relationship with her suffered but also my brothers friendship with her younger brother suffered (my brother and her brother were best friends too). in the end, i felt worthless.  this screwed me up greatly because it has given me trust issues with people, fearing that they'll do the same thing. and my greatest fear has always been that because i'm not the skinniest person or the prettiest person, why would someone want to be my friend? her acting this way confirmed that nobody would want to be friends with a fat girl and this is something that i struggle with daily, feeling i'm not good enough to have friends.  fortunately, i've slowly moved on, even though every time i see her, all those hurt feelings come back. i've realized that just because she was my best friend and my "sister", people grow and change, and even though she might make her life seen amazing and exciting, it's just a cover to hide how sad she really is because things haven't worked out for her like she wanted them to.
t3_1qjhyt-t3_1qjhyt-cdde5yd	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	summary comes from user [2akurate](http://www.reddit.com/r/wtf/comments/1qinkd/the_most_wtf_medical_story_in_human_existence/cddbmjx):  **"goes to va (department of veteran affairs, run by federal government) day surgery to get ovary's removed. surgeon opens her up cuts a piece of her colon and closes her without sewing the colon. they kept calling this doctor's office for 3 days because she didn't feel okay and each time the office told her it was all in her head, it was the ptsd talking. she was septic, the insides of her colon were leaking into her body and she was slowly dying. in fact she did die and went into a coma.**  **she goes to another va hospital to which she had to drive an hour and a half to get herself resected. after the surgery she keeps telling the head of the hospital (also her surgeon) that she feels a terrible pain in her upper leg/groin area. the surgeon makes her visit him 5 times in 15 months and each time she visits the only thing he does is pull up her shirt in the waiting room, look at the scar and tell her "so you've got a funny scar, get over it, you've got ptsd".**  **in an emergency room in boston she meets an intern who could immediately recognize the woman as having 2 huge hernias, she arranges a scan and in the process finds an ovary riddled with cancer. the doctor who started this whole thing, didn't even take out her ovaries. he cut her up, snipped her colon sowed her belly and told her everything was fine. she came in with the express intention of getting her ovaries removed and left mutilated with a life threatening condition.**  **the cancer had moved to her lymph nodes, she had to have another surgery done by a whole team. a year later she again had more hernias, and the surgeon put in a sheath (one that the fda recommended). the sheath cut her bladder in half and reinfected her abdomen with urine to be septic again. a few months later they put in another sheath, that sheath attached itself to the scar tissue of her diaphragm and rolled up pulling her intestines with it. both of these sheaths got recalled after her debacle.**  **meanwhile while they are butchering this woman's insides her kidney fails because of all the infection and drugs they were giving her. they took half of it.**  **following all that she found another lump in her breast, she already had one in 1997. she had another mastectomy and lympectomy.**  **her abdominal muscles died and the only thing holding her intestines in is cadaver skin which has an expiration date of 3 to 5 years. right now she's at that 5th year. all of this has resulted in her having to sell her house and moving into a small camper vehicle.**  **then she goes into what i believe to be events from before all of this surgery stuff and she talks about how her military boss raped her for 12 hours in a vault. the boss claimed she had shut off all cameras in the vault and went psychotic.**  **so they put her in a straight jacket and with an ambulance brought her to a psych ward where she was kept for 115 days. her relatives thought she had died. all her belongings were confiscated and went missing, she had nothing. in those 115 days she was given overdoses of lithium and haldol. dosages that caused her to have grand mal seizures every morning and every night. and all they wanted was for her to sign one sheet of paper that said she made up her rape, and that it was her fault, that she joined the military already mentally defected. her mother got her out by calling a senator and a congress woman."**
t3_1ecyir-t3_1ecyir-ca0dy6p	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	one thing those in training who say 'just look it up' are discounting the time it would take a busy practitioner to look many things up during the day, and in reality during many patient conversations you can't stop and pause and say, "that's a good question. hold on a second. let me ask dr. google here..." sometimes, if it's outside your field of specialty, sure. but, as a radiation oncologist, if a breast cancer patient asks me what specific benefit adjuvant radiation will have after lumpectomy for early invasive breast cancer, i had damn well better know the data (decrease local recurrence from ~30% to ~8%). "what are the chances you can cure this stage iva oropharyngeal cancer?" or, when treatment planning, i need to know that you treat to 45 gy + a 5.4 gy boost preoperatively for rectal cancer. etc.         no matter what field of medicine you enter, the sheer amount of information you must need at your fingertips is going to be fairly daunting. medical school is kind of like a training ground, where you learn sheer volumes of useless shit not because it's going to be useful, but because you have to figure out for yourself both what you are interested in and how you best learn and retain information. the process itself is important.           you won't learn what you need to know for your career until residency...and, in reality, i learned as much in my first year of private practice than i did in all four years of residency. nothing like the real thing.
t3_3hnyot-t1_cu97wp6-cu983s3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	/s?   how can you say that's a fact? no proof out there. it might help. i don't know for sure tho. neither do you.   there needs to be a thorough clinical trial of current standard of care vs current standard of care + marijuana.   how do you do that with double blind and crossover tho? people are gonna know if they're smoking weed.   there's also many different types of cancers. is it effective in colorectal cancer, blood cancers, breast cancer, thyroid cancer, pancreatic cancer etc? do we test just one type or include all types? if we include all types how do we know the results weren't skewed bc it actually only works better in some cancers than others?   do we test how long they live after they start treatment? there's different severities of cancer. were they gonna get better anyway without marijuana? or did they get better only bc they were using marijuana? did they die bc marijuana or were they gonna die anyway?  how much do we give? how do we formulate it in a titratable drug delivery system? also its either gonna have to be in an oral/iv formulation or controlled aerosol inhaler. a blunt is not an appropriate drug formulation  theres still many hurdles that haven't been answered by a simple test in a petri dish. i would wait to make your decision till something in the human model comes out. this just means it might be possible that it will work in humans.  and yea the government needs to make it easier to run the trials. i don't understand why they would impede something with potential to be effective.  edit: now for palliative care, i don't really give a damn. if someone is about to die, let em smoke blunts if it makes them feel good i really don't care. but in order to be used as an antineoplastic agent it's gonna have to be in a controlled formulation and actually be proven to work through trials in a human model not in a lab.
t3_2mmyho-t3_2mmyho-cmcbvmy	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7375	this will probably end up being a novel, apologies in advance.  inked: my story. [my piece](http://imgur.com/p7yepcm) it reads "lauria". my mom's maiden name. the middle name for my three sisters and me.   my mom's mom died of colon in cancer in 1985 at the age of 61 (i wasn't born until 1988). my mom died of breast cancer in 2013 at the at of 61.  needless to say, it seems like my maternal family has their own version of the 27 club.   i was home for 10 days before my mom passed. she opted for in home hospice, which was fantastic. between sleeping (her, not us) and doctors appts (liver failure due to metastasis required "taps" to remove fluid), my sisters and aunts would go through old pictures and boxes, as seems to be the norm for hurry-up-and-wait moments like this. i found a letter that my mom had written to her mom after she moved to germany to teach, she was a year or two younger than i was at the time) . my mom had beautiful handwriting. i secreted away the envelope and blew up the address on the copier. since it was written to my grandma "lauria" was written beautifully.   i've always loved my middle name (even after i realized that siblings were allowed to have different middle names). my mom's side of the family has always been strong, amazing and engaged, regardless of the fact that we lived so far away. and post-facto, they've continued to carry me through. this name means a hell of a lot to me.   three days after my mom passed, i went and got this done. it's 100% my mom's handwriting. and it's on me forever. i have *never* ever regretted it. i told family members i had to get it so my mom would have a reason to haunt me :) . as for the dot missing on the "i" there was a blot on the copy that i brought with me to the parlor, and it covered the dot. i didn't want to invent one, as it needs to be my mom's dot (that's not weird at all!), so it's to be added at a later date.  it's faded a little bit. i've only had it for a year and a half. but given i got in spring, and it was my first one, it was to be expected. i hope to get it touched up when i have money saved.
t3_451f6k-t3_451f6k-czuyzcs	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	we already look back at the past in which women were denied abortions and were forced to carry to term and give birth and be mothers against their will, or women went into back allies and had dangerous abortions, and we look back at that and cringe and think how horrible it was. we already do what you worry about, but we do it in the opposite way that you're thinking. it's *denying* abortions to women who want them that is horrible to think used to happen. not performing them.   imagine having sex without wanting to have a child - something nearly all healthy adjusted adult human beings do - and then becoming pregnant and your government denies you a safe reliable medical procedure to end that pregnancy, so instead you're forced as a prisoner in your own body for 9 months and beyond to suffer through some combination of all of this against your will:  **normal, frequent or expectable temporary side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;exhaustion (weariness common from first weeks)  &gt;altered appetite and senses of taste and smell  &gt;nausea and vomiting (50% of women, first trimester)  &gt;heartburn and indigestion  &gt;constipation  &gt;weight gain  &gt;dizziness and light-headedness  &gt;bloating, swelling, fluid retention  &gt;hemmorhoids  &gt;abdominal cramps  &gt;yeast infections  &gt;congested, bloody nose  &gt;acne and mild skin disorders  &gt;skin discoloration (chloasma, face and abdomen)  &gt;mild to severe backache and strain  &gt;increased headaches  &gt;difficulty sleeping, and discomfort while sleeping  &gt;increased urination and incontinence  &gt;bleeding gums  &gt;pica  &gt;breast pain and discharge  &gt;swelling of joints, leg cramps, joint pain  &gt;difficulty sitting, standing in later pregnancy  &gt;inability to take regular medications  &gt;shortness of breath  &gt;higher blood pressure  &gt;hair loss or increased facial/body hair  &gt;tendency to anemia  &gt;curtailment of ability to participate in some sports and activities  &gt;infection including from serious and potentially fatal disease  &gt;(pregnant women are immune suppressed compared with non-pregnant women, and are more susceptible to fungal and certain other diseases)  &gt;extreme pain on delivery  &gt;hormonal mood changes, including normal post-partum depression  &gt;continued post-partum exhaustion and recovery period (exacerbated if a c-section -- major surgery -- is required, sometimes taking up to a full year to fully recover)  **normal, expectable, or frequent permanent side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;stretch marks (worse in younger women)  &gt;loose skin  &gt;permanent weight gain or redistribution  &gt;abdominal and vaginal muscle weakness  &gt;pelvic floor disorder (occurring in as many as 35% of middle-aged former child-bearers and 50% of elderly former child-bearers, associated with urinary and rectal incontinence, discomfort and reduced quality of life -- aka prolapsed utuerus, the malady sometimes badly fixed by the transvaginal mesh)  &gt;changes to breasts  &gt;increased foot size  &gt;varicose veins  &gt;scarring from episiotomy or c-section  &gt;other permanent aesthetic changes to the body (all of these are downplayed by women, because the culture values youth and beauty)  &gt;increased proclivity for hemmorhoids  &gt;loss of dental and bone calcium (cavities and osteoporosis)  &gt;higher lifetime risk of developing altzheimer's  &gt;newer research indicates microchimeric cells, other bi-directional exchanges of dna, chromosomes, and other bodily material between fetus and mother (including with "unrelated" gestational surrogates)  **occasional complications and side effects:**  &gt;complications of episiotomy  &gt;spousal/partner abuse  &gt;hyperemesis gravidarum  &gt;temporary and permanent injury to back  &gt;severe scarring requiring later surgery   &gt;(especially after additional pregnancies)  &gt;dropped (prolapsed) uterus (especially after additional pregnancies, and other pelvic floor weaknesses -- 11% of women, including cystocele, rectocele, and enterocele)  &gt;pre-eclampsia (edema and hypertension, the most common complication of pregnancy, associated with eclampsia, and affecting 7 - 10% of pregnancies)  &gt;eclampsia (convulsions, coma during pregnancy or labor, high risk of death)  &gt;gestational diabetes  &gt;placenta previa  &gt;anemia (which can be life-threatening)  &gt;thrombocytopenic purpura  &gt;severe cramping  &gt;embolism (blood clots)  &gt;medical disability requiring full bed rest (frequently ordered during part of many pregnancies varying from days to months for health of either mother or baby)  &gt;diastasis recti, also torn abdominal muscles  &gt;mitral valve stenosis (most common cardiac complication)  &gt;serious infection and disease (e.g. increased risk of tuberculosis)  &gt;hormonal imbalance  &gt;ectopic pregnancy (risk of death)  &gt;broken bones (ribcage, "tail bone")  &gt;hemorrhage and  &gt;numerous other complications of delivery  &gt;refractory gastroesophageal reflux disease  &gt;aggravation of pre-pregnancy diseases and conditions (e.g. epilepsy is present in .5% of pregnant women, and the pregnancy alters drug metabolism and treatment prospects all the while it increases the number and frequency of seizures)  &gt;severe post-partum depression and psychosis  &gt;research now indicates a possible link between ovarian cancer and female fertility treatments, including "egg harvesting" from infertile women and donors  &gt;research also now indicates correlations between lower breast cancer survival rates and proximity in time to onset of cancer of last pregnancy  &gt;research also indicates a correlation between having six or more pregnancies and a risk of coronary and cardiovascular disease  **less common (but serious) complications:**  &gt;peripartum cardiomyopathy  &gt;cardiopulmonary arrest  &gt;magnesium toxicity  &gt;severe hypoxemia/acidosis  &gt;massive embolism  &gt;increased intracranial pressure, brainstem infarction  &gt;molar pregnancy, gestational trophoblastic disease (like a pregnancy-induced cancer)  &gt;malignant arrhythmi   &gt;circulatory collapse  &gt;placental abruption  &gt;obstetric fistula  **more permanent side effects:**  &gt;future infertility  &gt;permanent disability  &gt;death.  [link](http://www.thelizlibrary.org/site-index/site-index-frame.html#soulhttp://www.thelizlibrary.org/liz/004.htm)   *that* is what we look back on and think "how awful" about.
t3_2t87rp-t3_2t87rp-cnwt56r	colon_cancer	relevant	0.8783	i had a large tumor found with a colonoscopy about 18 months ago. it had spread to 2 of 20 lymph nodes they tested.i had surgery 3 days later followed by 6 months of chemo. it was graded as stage 3. i've been cancer free so far. i get really stressed every time i go in for a scan. don't be afraid to ask the oncologist for something for anxiety it really helps. i totally understand what your going through. i have a great wife who is a chemo nurse and breast cancer surviver . she helped me through the whole thing. i got really depressed at one point. don't be afraid to talk to people. it's great to have some support. if you need someone to talk to pm me. i'd be happy to talk. good luck.
t3_lrf7a-t1_c2v0hpm-c39855l	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	if you are interested in knowing more, you should do some research on nf kappa b and turmeric.  i now make it a point to include 1/2 tsp of turmeric in my diet every day. i'm quoting from a book anti-cancer by dr.david servan-schreiber:  1. indians consume on average 1.5 grams to 2 grams a day of turmeric... perhaps, then, it is not surprising that indians have one eighth as many lung cnacers as westerner of the same age, one ninth as many colon cancers, one fifth as many breast cancers, and one tenth as many kidney cancers. this is true despite indians' exposure to numerous carcinogens in their environment, often on a worse scale than in the west.  2. turmeric magnificently illustrates the benefit of the great culinary traditions, in comparison to the consumption of isolated substances. when researchers in taiwan tried treating cancerous tumors with turmeric delivered in caposules, theu discovered that it was very poorly absorbed by the digestive system. in fact, when it is not mixed with pepper - as it always has been in curry - tumermeric does not pass the intestinal barrier.   3. according to the aggarwal team in houston, turmeric's extraordinary effect seems to be due in large part to its capacity to interfere directly with the black knight of cancer, nf-kappa b, which protects cancer cells against the body's defence mechanism.
t3_4x1s2k-t3_4x1s2k-d6budrl	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i'm a carrier for brca2 and chek2 mutations. between the 2, i have a 95% chance of getting breast cancer, 60% chance of getting ovarian cancer, 7% chance of getting pancreatic cancer, and am at unknown/increased risk for melanoma, colon cancer, and there is some evidence that i am at risk through chek2 for lung, kidney, thyroid, and gastric cancers. i'm very interested to see if there is a way to correct the mutations in my dna to avoid cancer. for now, the best i can do is take out my ovaries and tubes and cut off my breasts and do regular screenings to catch the other cancers early. it'd be nice to not have to go through all that, but i also understand the slippery slope this opens up. it might just be best for people like me to be at the low end of the gene pool and get cancer when we get cancer.
t3_1dygv6-t3_1dygv6-c9v47j4	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	you are the scum of the earth. fucking pathetic piece of shit you are. normally i don't get this mad on here but i've seen my friend battle brain cancer, my friends' mother die of breast cancer, my grandmother die of lung cancer, my grandpa die of colon cancer, my father have to be constantly checked for colon cancer along with myself and i have had numerous breast cancer scares. how dare you, you piece of shit.
t3_ciiad-t3_ciiad-c0strat	colon_cancer	relevant	0.6988	stage iii (2 weeks away from stage iv) colorectal cancer.  three surgeries, chemotherapy, radiation, 2 years of morphine and permanent disability.  after five years, you can use the word "cured".  it may sound petty, but as a cancer patient, that date is very symbolic.  i was looking forward to it just to be able to say "i am cured".  i had invited 12 family members out to dinner to celebrate at a very nice local restaurant.  two hours before dinner, i was told i had breast cancer.
t3_2sn4wa-t3_2sn4wa-cnrl69f	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	hi,  i have metastatic breast cancer and had a liver resection surgery.  it is not done for breast cancer normally but i was young and healthy and like you, i wanted aggressive treatment so i totally get it.    i detailed the entire thing on my blog but i am not a frequenter here so don't know if i'm allowed to post the link.    search my username and you'll find my blog and then search for liver resection and you'll see my posts. i posted the entire story in pieces, there are about five posts, from pre-op to hospitalization to home, but i'll recap it here.  at the time i had just started my 4th chemo, navelbine.  it had shrunk the tumors enough to have the resection - i only had three and they were all in one area (they thought) so decided to remove half the liver.  it was just lucky how my oncologist had heard about somebody trying it for breast cancer patients and referred me.  i met all the criteria and was accepted.  the surgery was difficult, as you can imagine, but i recovered swiftly. the first day the pain is quite intense no matter how much morphine but they will make you stand up anyway.  do it, you feel better afterwards.   i was in the hospital six days.  (i was at ucsf).  the first couple days were rough, but then i'd feel okay in the mornings and get bad in the afternoon.  they took my catheter out on the third day and man, the walk to the bathroom seemed a mile long!  but by the time i left i was okay - i drove 100 miles home over bumpy ca roads.  i had them give me a shot of dilaudid and a valium right before i got in the car and i slept most of the way home.     unfortunately, 2 months later i got c-diff and went septic. i'd been sick for several weeks but without the hallmark of that disease so nobody knew what it was.  we thought bladder infection but nope.   i nearly died from that, went to the icu.    i spent more time in the hospital from c-diff than the surgery and had to delay my chemo for a time.  i don't know how it is with colon but with breast cancer you keep doing chemo for a while, so i did eventually go back on it.  i am not sure it frees you from chemo right away but maybe with colon it will.   while you are under the knife, they ultrasound your liver as no test is good enough outside the body.  they did find another spot of cancer that had not been seen on any scan and was  too close to the portal vein to cut out, so they ablated it.   i recovered from that and the c-diff but a year later cancer was found growing in that ablated spot.  i've been on 7 chemos to date, but am now ned because of perjeta/herceptin.  perjeta was not out when i was diagnosed and it's been a miracle.  it's not a colon cancer drug though.  i also did sbrt, which is a gamma knife type procedure, even though i'd been ned from perjeta - we just decided to make sure it was dead.  that was far easier than the resection so i would look into that first.  you get tired and a bit nauseated but very minor.  i have never been the same as before cancer of course, and i have pain in my right side always.  i had a pet scan yesterday to see if i'm still ned or not. but i think there are probably adhesions and stuff from the surgery causing cramps and issues.  i don't think you can have a surgery like that and not have some issues, but they are minor.  i am alive and relatively well.  my goal was to live to see my son graduate high school and i did that and he is a freshman at caltech!  so you just keep going, keep trying.   i think a resection is more successful for colon patients than for breast cancer and i would definitely look into it.  get a 2nd opinion at a major cancer center if your oncologist is being balky.  it's a rough surgery and you need to be in good shape for it.  but also look into the radiation techniques, they are successful and easier.    good luck!
t3_1r1f9t-t1_cdjal4m-cdjayck	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	wouldn't it be better to be sterile and adopt a kid later if you decide you want one than have one and turn out to regret it later? i'm not saying everyone that's on the fence regrets kids if they end up having them but it does happen, and it's horrible for a kid to grow up knowing they weren't wanted or think they were a mistake.  i have shitty genetics (6 cases of breast cancer, 2 cases of pancreatic cancer, 2 cases of ovarian cancer, and one of colon cancer in three generations and yes they are linked to a gene) and one of the reasons i was sterilized was because i didn't want to pass those down like it was done to me. the other reason happened to be those problems i inherited from her.   unless someone divulges their life history to you in an explanation as to why they won't change their mind, telling them they're foolish for thinking that comes off as really insensitive.
t3_2wge7n-t3_2wge7n-coqkqlj	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	different gps will have different styles for new patient intakes.  don't necessarily expect to have your "annual physical" with your first visit or catch up on 10 years of issues in 20 minutes.  some doctors may want to do an informal meet-and-greet.  some doctors may want to do a more intense medical interview style reviewing your medical history, family history, current medications, etc.  some may not care and just leave the visit completely to your preference.  just off the top of my head, some issues to consider to address without 10 years of primary care at your age, would be things like  1) pap testing/cervical cancer screening - done every three years now in canada for women with a previous normal pap  2) contraception/family planning.  std screening is often offered at your age if you are concerned or at risk.  3) immunizations - you may be due for a tetanus booster if it's been more than 10 years since your last.  we are offering a one-time adult whooping cough (pertussis) booster to adults your age here in canada as well due to outbreaks and possible weakening of the effects of your childhood pertussis shots  4) family history.  this usually determines upcoming screening recommendations in adults your age.  things to consider would be direct family members diagnosed with early diabetes, early heart attacks, strokes or sudden death, early breast cancers, early colon cancers, etc
t3_b4k9g-t1_c0kxxlq-c0kxzf7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt;the attitude expressed by you guys below is why it's hard to find support when one does decide to get in shape.  when one decides to get in shape we are nothing but supportive - kry0s point was that you were promoting the view that you don't need to lose weight to be healthy which is incorrect; the danger of being overweight is hard to spot, i'll quote from sa thread:  &gt;b01] why being overweight is so dangerous  &gt;obesity is the catalyst of several medical conditions: sydrome "x" (diabetes mellitus type 2, high blood pressure, high blood cholesterol, and triglyceride levels) which leads to congestive heart failure, enlarged heart and its associated arrhythmias and dizziness, cor pulmonale, varicose veins, pulmonary embolism, polycystic ovarian syndrome (pcos), menstrual disorders, infertility, gastroesophageal reflux disease (gerd), fatty liver disease, cholelithiasis (gallstones), hernia, colorectal cancer, urinary incontinence, glomerulopathy, hypogonadism (male), breast cancer (female), uterine cancer (female), stillbirth, increased insulin resistance, dyspnea, obstructive sleep apnea, hypoventilation syndrome, pickwickian syndrome, asthma, hyperuricemia (which predisposes to gout), immobility, osteoarthritis, low back pain, stroke, meralgia paresthetica, headache, carpal tunnel syndrome, dementia, kidney failure, stretch marks, acanthosis nigricans, lymphedema, cellulitis, carbuncles, intertrig and joint damage.  - destruction of the body's "hormonal harmony": obesity causes insulin resistance which means that your insulin doesn't work the way it's supposed to. your pancreas tries to compensate by secreting more insulin, but after a while it gets exhausted and you develop diabetes. aromatisation of testosterone to estrogen in fat tissue is a undesirable side effect. fat filtration will also cause the endocrine (hormone producing- insulin, glucagon, and somatostatin) part of the pancreas to respond poorly to hormones, and your natural production suffers as a result. - fat tissue produces different forms of identified and unidentified ï¿½toxicï¿½ substances that have a terrible effect on different regulatory systems in the body, which results in poor regulation of blood pressure (increase) and cholesterol (increase). this predisposes for filled arteries in the heart and brain (heart attack, stroke), by accumulation of oxidised ldl-cholesterol in the artery walls that when absorbing chalk swells up and breaks. - fat tissue inhibits different parts of the immune system, both directly and indirectly, due to inhibition of the signalling roads between immune cells. since your immune system fights cancer cells, the risk for cancer and inflammatory diseases (rheumatoid arthritis, chronic obtrustive pulmonary disease, osteoarthritis) increase drastically. - fat is not limited to the subcutaneous fat you see in the mirror. if your obesity reaches a certain threshold the fat itself will 'float' out into your internal organs and start storing itself in your liver, heart, intestines and even muscles. this leads to reduced organ function. - the obese carry a significant amount of weight, while the knuckles, joints, muscles and tendons often are severely undertrained and can't handle it. this leads to premature wearing and damages the skeletal and connective tissue.   tl;dr: obesity will wind you, crush your joints, make you unfuckable and infertile and will eventually slowly and painfully lead to diseases that will kill you.
t3_c9huk-t1_c0r1lnr-c0r1pvp	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i have spent 5 years doing biomedical research and mouse work on breast cancer, colon cancer, and nf1.  i've probably killed 6000 mice in those 5 years and this appalls me. it would never pass larc / dlam approval. depriving mice of food would never be allowed in a university setting, and you would lose your rights to do mouse work if you did.   since when is starving mice to death for entertainment ok? we have to jump though a million hoops to be able to keep mice and kill them humanely for cancer research. would you be ok with this if they were doing it to cats or dogs?
t3_47ps4u-t1_d0f46nj-d0f5afn	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.7515	i understand the fear of getting the disease, that fear controlled my life for a long time. it still does but not as badly.   i watched my uncle and aunt both die from breast cancer. i knew when i was 17 that i was high risk for breast cancer and wanted to start screenings right away. everytime told me i was over reacted. i checked my breasts religiously. i found out our family has the brca2 mutation and tested directly against my aunts results and found out i too had the mutation. i started screenings right away. mammograms, mri, blood tests, ultra sound every year. it was almost a relief for me when i found out i had breast cancer. but now, i am scared of ovarian cancer. also, higher risk for colon cancer, and melanoma. i had precancer cut off my ass about 2 months after my mastectomy. it's all been a whirlwind.   while i had this strange "i finally don't have to worry anymore" moment, i then started worrying about all these other things. it's been a long year.  thank you for your words, i hope that some of your fear has been alleviated.
t3_45wifd-t1_d01nq3a-d01p5km	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	the full list:   &gt;**normal, frequent or expectable temporary side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt; * exhaustion (weariness common from first weeks)   * altered appetite and senses of taste and smell   * nausea and vomiting (50% of women, first trimester) * heartburn and indigestion * constipation * weight gain * dizziness and light-headedness * bloating, swelling, fluid retention * hemmorhoids * abdominal cramps * yeast infections * congested, bloody nose * acne and mild skin disorders * skin discoloration (chloasma, face and abdomen) * mild to severe backache and strain * increased headaches * difficulty sleeping, and discomfort while sleeping * increased urination and incontinence * bleeding gums * pica * breast pain and discharge * swelling of joints, leg cramps, joint pain * difficulty sitting, standing in later pregnancy * inability to take regular medications * shortness of breath * higher blood pressure * hair loss or increased facial/body hair * tendency to anemia * curtailment of ability to participate in some sports and activities * infection including from serious and potentially fatal disease (pregnant women are immune suppressed compared with non-pregnant women, and are more susceptible to fungal and certain other diseases) * extreme pain on delivery * hormonal mood changes, including normal post-partum depression * continued post-partum exhaustion and recovery period (exacerbated if a c-section -- major surgery -- is required, sometimes taking up to a full year to fully recover)  &gt; **normal, expectable, or frequent permanent side effects of pregnancy:**  &gt;* stretch marks (worse in younger women) * loose skin * permanent weight gain or redistribution * abdominal and vaginal muscle weakness * pelvic floor disorder (occurring in as many as 35% of middle-aged former child-bearers and 50% of elderly former child-bearers, associated with urinary and rectal incontinence, discomfort and reduced quality of life -- aka prolapsed utuerus, the malady sometimes badly fixed by the transvaginal mesh) * changes to breasts * increased foot size * varicose veins * scarring from episiotomy or c-section * other permanent aesthetic changes to the body (all of these are downplayed by women, because the culture values youth and beauty) * increased proclivity for hemmorhoids * loss of dental and bone calcium (cavities and osteoporosis) * higher lifetime risk of developing altzheimer's * newer research indicates microchimeric cells, other bi-directional exchanges of dna, chromosomes, and other bodily material between fetus and mother (including with "unrelated" gestational surrogates)  &gt;**occasional complications and side effects:**  &gt;* complications of episiotomy * hyperemesis gravidarum * temporary and permanent injury to back * severe scarring requiring later surgery (especially after additional pregnancies) * dropped (prolapsed) uterus (especially after additional pregnancies, and other pelvic floor weaknesses -- 11% of women, including cystocele, rectocele, and enterocele) * pre-eclampsia (edema and hypertension, the most common complication of pregnancy, associated with eclampsia, and affecting 7 - 10% of pregnancies) * eclampsia (convulsions, coma during pregnancy or labor, high risk of death) * gestational diabetes * placenta previa * anemia (which can be life-threatening) * thrombocytopenic purpura * severe cramping * embolism (blood clots) * medical disability requiring full bed rest (frequently ordered during part of many pregnancies varying from days to months for health of either mother or baby) * diastasis recti, also torn abdominal muscles * mitral valve stenosis (most common cardiac complication) * serious infection and disease (e.g. increased risk of tuberculosis) * hormonal imbalance * ectopic pregnancy (risk of death) * broken bones (ribcage, "tail bone") * hemorrhage and * numerous other complications of delivery * refractory gastroesophageal reflux disease * aggravation of pre-pregnancy diseases and conditions (e.g. epilepsy is present in .5% of pregnant women, and the pregnancy alters drug metabolism and treatment prospects all the while it increases the number and frequency of seizures) * severe post-partum depression and psychosis * research also now indicates correlations between lower breast cancer survival rates and proximity in time to onset off cancer of last pregnancy * research also indicates a correlation between having six or more pregnancies and a risk of coronary and cardiovascular disease  &gt;**less common (but serious) complications:**  &gt;* peripartum cardiomyopathy * cardiopulmonary arrest * magnesium toxicity * severe hypoxemia/acidosis * massive embolism * increased intracranial pressure, brainstem infarction * molar pregnancy, gestational trophoblastic disease (like a pregnancy-induced cancer) * malignant arrhythmia * circulatory collapse * placental abruption * obstetric fistula  &gt;**more permanent side effects:**  &gt;* future infertility * permanent disability * death.
t3_mdwox-t1_c30azn8-c30d5ge	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	actually that's not true.    they are re-calibrated every year according to the contracts signed by the government.  you can even request specific machine numbers and their records to look through their calibration history through a foia request.    here is the analysis of the tsa "cancer" rate in boston logan international airport...   &gt;25 of  approximately 1100  employees had been diagnosed with a variety of cancers. i spoke to the designated occupational  safety and health official for blia; the director of the office of  safety, health, and the  environment for tsa; and you. i received a list ofemployees diagnosed with cancer, including  date ofdiagnosis, date of employment, type of  cancer, age, and smoking status. fifteen  employees were diagnosed with cancer since 2005. the average age a t  diagnosis was 52 (range:  30-62). five employees had breast cancer, two had lung cancer (both smokers), two had prostate  cancer, and one each had melanoma, basal cell carcinoma of the skin, ovarian cancer, colon  cancer, cervical cancer, and stomach cancer. this letter summarizes my findings and gives you  information addressing the employees' concerns.  the general population gets it at around the same rate as those employees.   once again, i am against the body scanners in principle but doing it for some half ass reason like safety just isn't going to help the argument.  it needs to be done through scientific fact and research.
t3_1m18cr-t1_cc4swa0-cc4tfl3	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	&gt; upper middle class write about these things because they have the education and resources to deal with it  and because they have the time on their hands. those upper middle class women used to have full time jobs, now they're not employed at all or consulting, and they need to fill their time with *something.* so they take all that energy they used to put into the career, and put it into parenthood, completely submerging themselves in it unlike women of other economic groups who are also busy working, possibly more than 1 job, going to school at the same time, etc.  &gt; what you don't know can kill you.  true, but i don't live my life based on the idea that anything can kill me and i just don't know yet. life is a series of risks, and we are all able to weigh those risk for ourselves and decide which ones to take and which not to take. imo we have more cancer because people are no living long enough to get cancer, rather than dying of infectious disease at a young age, or heart attack/stroke in their 50's or 60's. i don't smoke (a risk factor for any type of cancer) and i only drink socially. there is no cancer in my family except a few early/mid 20th century smokers who got lung cancer, and someone who got colon cancer after declining routine colonocsopy (if you get your recommended colonocsopies, they can remove polyps and make you far more likely to avoid the cancer). so i am not worried about getting cancer from any food.   if somebody else wants to make different choices from me based on their own personal assessment of those risks, that is fine. but i don't want anybody getting into my business and telling me how to make *my* choices, and having a kid seems to invite people to do just that. no thanks.   bottom line- anybody who would like to make their own baby food is free to do so, along with anybody who would like to breast feed, co sleep, whatever. but i want to be left alone, and not having kids at all is the best way for me to avoid all this noise and be left alone.
t3_2xan3e-t3_2xan3e-cpe14zw	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	i would see a gynecological oncologist, usually they're pretty up to date with endo, and obviously there are cancer concerns.  so it sounds like you made the right appointment.  endometriosis can be in the recto-vaginal space.  i had most of mine there, and even had my rectal and vaginal walls scar together.  your current doctor is an idiot and it is possible you also have an infection. i got a uterine infection after my first lap which included a myomectomy for a fibroid and removal of stage iii endo.  another potential issue is adenomyosis which is irregular growth of endometrial cells inside the walls of the uterus.  i had that too, and had a partial hyst (kept ovaries &amp; cervix).  since that surgery i have been symptom free.  it is usually a good idea to keep your ovaries as long as possible as there can be long term health risks without them.  however, with ovarian cancer running in your family that can change the game.  it might be worthwhile to find out if any of your family members are brca carriers.  that gene can be tested for (it causes ovarian and breast cancer) if that's the gene that your family has, and you have it then you know that taking the ovaries out is not a bad plan.
t3_3j7t2d-t1_cumzszx-cun9tl7	colon_cancer	irrelevant	0.5258	i'm in the medical profession and the vast majority of this thread has been fairly ignorant and far fetched. i am choosing to respond to your post in particular though because i think it exemplifies the current attitudes of a lot of patients in the west as well as the remark about testicles.   more and more people want treatments that is quick, effective and does not cause discomfort. unfortunately the reality is often different. the reason that your boobs have to be squished in a vice-like device every year is simply because it is the most cost-effective way (both in terms of monetary cost and potential negative effects to you) to try and see an abnormal growth in breast tissue. if the breasts are small and dense, an ultrasound is the preferred technique but is not sensitive enough for the majority of women. mris are way too expensive with very long waiting lists to accommodate the large volume of patients needing breast check-ups and they don't do more than a mammogram in reducing breast cancer deaths. same with ct scans with the added affect of very high doses of radiation which will add up over the years.   trust me when i tell you that the small discomfort of an annual mammography can spear you the horror that is treatment of an advanced cancer and ultimately save your life. that is pretty damn good and in no way barbaric. unfortunately medical technology isn't magic and some concessions regarding patient comfort have to be made in order to have a diagnostically valid test. and mammograms are way down on the list regarding uncomfortable medical tests.   with regards to your second point, i will talk about prostate cancer rather than testicular simply due to the fact that it is much more prevalent and it a very significant killer in men. also testicular cancer is quite rare thus removing the need for screening populations for it and testicles are small compared to breasts so it is easier to feel and see.  prostate cancer on the other hand is very common. rectal exams should be undertaken regularly just as mammograms and whilst uncomfortable, they are thankfully quick. what isn't is a trans-rectal ultrasound and biopsy if anything is found. this involves sticking an elongated object of a not at all insignificant diameter in a rectum and shoving needles into the prostate through said rectum at least 9-10 times for a good sample. also, prostate cancer has received much less funding in reaserch than breast cancer which translates into less targeted treatments, worst outcomes and complications. so mammograms don't exist just because nobody cares about women. on the contrary.  what i am trying to say is that to my mind it is absurd that people are classifying fairly routine medical exams which might be at worst quite uncomfortable (i also count colonoscopies and gastroscopies amidst these) as barbaric and complain about them when they have to potential to prevent so much suffering and death. i say this because i have seen very advanced cases of breast cancer and of colon cancer and that is something that i would not wish on my worst enemy. we are truly lucky to have the technology that we do and we should appreciate it instead of moan about it.
t3_2uaul5-t1_co6v2xv-co7efxa	colon_cancer	irrelevant	1.0	oh, i know.  i had breast cancer (same year i had colon cancer, by random happenstance), and did five years of tamoxifen.  that meant five years of perimenopause.  finished that medication and went back to full cycles.  i am only three years or so into full menopause.  from what i can tell, and there is no one of the preceding generation to ask now, is that the women in the family begin menopause on the extreme late end of normal.  oh joy.
